=== [ER] edgar_0001628280-26-030567_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex9913-31x26earningsrel.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Occidental Announces 1st Quarter 2026 Results Advanced debt reduction priorities, repaying $7.1 billion of principal debt through May 5 and reducing principal debt to $13.3 billion, and progressing towards $10.0 billion milestone Strong operational performance from continuing operations drove $1.4 billion of operating cash flow and $3.2 billion of operating cash flow before working capital Capital expenditures of $1.6 billion, noncontrolling interest contributions of $50 million, and free cash flow before working capital from continuing operations of $1.7 billion Total company production of 1,426 Mboed exceeded the high end of guidance Midstream and marketing pre-tax adjusted income exceeded the high end of guidance Reported EPS of $3.13 adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $1.06 HOUSTON May 5, 2026 Occidental (NYSE OXY) today announced results for the first quarter of 2026, including net income attributable to common stockholders of $3.2 billion, or earnings per diluted share (EPS) of $3.13, and adjusted income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders of $1.1 billion, or adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $1.06. The difference between net income attributable to common stockholders and adjusted income attributable to common stockholders is mainly comprised of the gain on the sale of OxyChem within discontinued operations, partially offset by the impact of derivatives losses and early debt redemption premiums. Our first quarter results reflect our strong operational performance and the outstanding work of our teams executing across our portfolio. Even with the challenges in the Middle East, everyone - from our staff to our partners and host governments - has remained committed to safety, asset reliability and disciplined execution, said President and Chief Executive Officer Vicki Hollub. Over the past decade, we have made deliberate, strategic decisions that have transformed Occidental s portfolio into the most resilient, competitive, and high-quality portfolio in our history. That foundation supported our first quarter performance. We further advanced our deleveraging program, reduced costs, improved efficiency, and delivered better outcomes with fewer resources. These results demonstrate Occidental s ability to generate value, strengthen our balance sheet, and maintain leadership through market cycles. First quarter operating cash flow from continuing operations of $1.4 billion included a use of working capital of $1.8 billion, which was mainly driven by higher receivables resulting from the sharp increase in commodity prices in March, together with typical seasonal first quarter cash requirements for employee benefits, interest payments and property taxes. QUARTERLY RESULTS Oil and Gas Pre-tax income from oil and gas for the first quarter of 2026 totaled $1.0 billion, compared to $0.7 billion for the fourth quarter of 2025. Excluding items affecting comparability, the increase was primarily driven by higher realized crude oil prices, partially offset by lower crude oil volumes. First quarter average WTI and Brent marker prices were $71.93 per barrel and $77.93 per barrel, respectively. Average worldwide realized crude oil prices increased by 18% from the previous quarter to $69.91 per barrel, while average worldwide realized natural gas liquids prices increased by 14% to $18.99 per barrel. Average domestic realized gas prices fell by 10% to $1.01 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf). Total global production for the first quarter of 2026 averaged 1,426 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (Mboed). This surpassed the high end of guidance led by contributions from the Permian, Rockies and Gulf of America business units. Midstream and Marketing Midstream and marketing reported a pre-tax loss of $87 million for the first quarter of 2026, compared to pre-tax income of $204 million in the previous quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability, the midstream and marketing results exceeded the high end of guidance. Quarter-over-quarter improvements were attributed to higher crude margins related to the timing impact of crude sales, higher gas margins from transportation capacity optimizations and higher sulfur prices at Al Hosn. WES equity method investment income for the first quarter was $138 million. Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures This press release refers to adjusted income - continuing operations, operating cash flow before working capital - continuing operations, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest - continuing operations, free cash flow before working capital - continuing operations and adjusted selling, general and administrative (SG A), other operating and non-operating expenses, which are supplemental measures not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Definitions of adjusted income - continuing operations and a reconciliation to net income (loss), along with operating cash flow before working capital - continuing operations, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest - continuing operations, free cash flow before working capital - continuing operations and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in the financial schedules of this press release. Occidental s definition of adjusted income - continuing operations, operating cash flow before working capital - continuing operations, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest - continuing operations, free cash flow before working capital - continuing operations and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses may differ from similarly titled measures provided by other companies in our industry and as a result may not be comparable. About Occidental Occidental is an international energy company that produces, markets and transports oil and natural gas to maximize value and provide resources fundamental to life. The company leverages its global leadership in carbon management to advance lower-carbon technologies and products. Headquartered in Houston, Occidental primarily operates in the United States, the Middle East and North Africa. To learn mor

=== [ER] edgar_0001628280-26-024581_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99133126preearningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 First Quarter 2026 Earnings Considerations Occidental Petroleum Corporation ( Occidental ) is providing the following summary of earnings considerations that management believes will impact results for the first quarter of 2026. The summary is intended only to provide information regarding current estimates of these factors. It is not comprehensive of all results for and changes that have occurred in the first quarter of 2026 and is not an estimate of the first quarter of 2026 earnings for Occidental. Further, this summary may not account for all adjustments and charges required to fully reflect changes in industry conditions, is preliminary and is subject to finalization of Occidental's financial reporting process for the first quarter of 2026. Average Diluted Shares Outstanding Average diluted shares outstanding for the first quarter of 2026 were 1,006.9 million shares. Realizations The following table presents information about Occidental's average realized prices and index prices Three months ended March 31, 2026 Average Realized Prices Oil ($ Bbl) United States $ 70.31 International $ 67.59 Total Worldwide $ 69.91 NGL ($ Bbl) United States $ 18.45 International $ 23.52 Total Worldwide $ 18.99 Natural Gas ($ Mcf) United States $ 1.01 International $ 1.93 Total Worldwide $ 1.20 Average Index Prices WTI oil ($ Bbl) $ 71.93 Brent oil ($ Bbl) $ 77.93 NYMEX gas ($ Mcf) $ 3.93 Average Realized Prices as Percentage of Average Index Prices Worldwide oil as a percentage of average WTI 97 % Worldwide oil as a percentage of average Brent 90 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average WTI 26 % Domestic natural gas as a percentage of average NYMEX 26 % Forward-Looking Statements The First Quarter 2026 Earnings Considerations ( Earnings Considerations ) contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about Occidental's expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future financial position or sources of financing any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations or business strategy any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance any statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as estimate, will, may, intend, believe, subject to, expect, could, project or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes are generally indicative of forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Earnings Considerations unless an earlier date is specified. Unless legally required, Occidental does not undertake any obligation to update, modify or withdraw any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual outcomes or results, including the impact of the Earnings Considerations, may differ from anticipated results or estimates, sometimes materially. Factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to general economic conditions, including slowdowns and recessions, domestically or internationally Occidental's indebtedness and other payment obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations Occidental's ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance debt and the impact of changes in Occidental's credit ratings or future increases in interest rates assumptions about energy markets global and local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations and volatility supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, Occidental's products and services actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC oil producing countries results from operations and competitive conditions future impairments of Occidental's proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings unexpected changes in costs government actions (including the effects of announced or future tariff increases and other geopolitical, trade, tariff, fiscal and regulatory uncertainties), war (including the Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East) and political conditions and events inflation, its impact on markets and economic activity and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures and contractual obligations the regulatory approval environment, including Occidental's ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other government approvals, including those necessary for drilling and or development projects Occidental's ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or divestitures risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections or projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses, including retained liabilities and indemnification obligations associated with the chemical business uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas liquids (NGL) and natural gas reserves lower-than-expected production from development projects or acquisitions Occidental's ability to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes and improve Occidental's competitiveness exploration, drilling and other operational risks disruptions to, capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the pipeline systems that deliver Occidental's oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets, including capital mar

=== [ER] edgar_0001628280-26-009054_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99112-31x25earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Occidental Announces 4th Quarter 2025 Results Strengthened the balance sheet with the completion of the OxyChem sale on January 2, 2026, reducing debt by $5.8 billion since mid-December 2025 and bringing principal debt to date to $15.0 billion Increased quarterly dividend by more than 8% to $0.26 per share, payable April 15, 2026, to stockholders of record as of March 10, 2026 quarterly dividend per share has doubled in the last four years Strong operational performance drove operating cash flow of $2.6 billion and operating cash flow before working capital of $2.7 billion Capital spending including discontinued operations of $1.8 billion and contributions from noncontrolling interest of $47 million resulted in quarterly free cash flow before working capital of $1.0 billion Total company production of 1,481 Mboed exceeded the high end of guidance Midstream and marketing pre-tax adjusted income exceeded the high end of guidance Worldwide year-end proved reserves of 4.6 billion BOE with all-in reserves replacement ratio of 98% and organic reserves replacement ratio of 107% HOUSTON February 18, 2026 Occidental (NYSE OXY) today announced a net loss attributable to common stockholders of $68 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, and adjusted income attributable to common stockholders of $315 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2025. The difference between net loss attributable to common stockholders and adjusted income attributable to common stockholders is mainly comprised of charges and transaction costs related to the sale of OxyChem. Our emphasis on operational excellence and cost efficiency drove meaningful production and operating expense outperformance during the fourth quarter, said President and Chief Executive Officer Vicki Hollub. The quality of our assets and the exceptional execution by our teams enabled us to surpass full year guidance across our oil and gas and midstream businesses. With our enhanced balance sheet following the sale of OxyChem, we remain focused on generating resilient free cash flow and maintaining flexibility in our capital and development programs to support near- and long-term value creation. QUARTERLY RESULTS Oil and Gas Pre-tax income from oil and gas for the fourth quarter of 2025 totaled $0.7 billion, compared to $1.3 billion for the third quarter of 2025. Excluding items affecting comparability, the decline was primarily driven by lower realized commodity prices across all products. Fourth quarter average WTI and Brent marker prices were $59.14 per barrel and $63.09 per barrel, respectively. Average worldwide realized crude oil prices decreased by 9% from the previous quarter to $59.22 per barrel, while average worldwide realized natural gas liquids prices decreased by 15% to $16.68 per barrel. Average domestic realized gas prices fell by 24% to $1.12 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf). Total global production for the fourth quarter of 2025 averaged 1,481 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (Mboed), surpassing the mid-point of guidance by 21 Mboed, led by contributions from the Permian and Rockies regions. Both Gulf of America and International average daily production met guidance expectations. Oil and Gas Proved Reserves As of December 31, 2025, Occidental s worldwide proved reserves totaled 4.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent (BOE). Proved reserve additions included extensions and discoveries totaling 340 million BOE, mainly in the Permian Basin, and positive revisions associated with infill development projects of 115 million BOE, primarily in the Permian and DJ Basins. The 2025 All-In Reserves Replacement Ratio was 98%, with a three-year average of 154%. The 2025 Organic Reserves Replacement Ratio was 107%, with a three-year average of 116%. Midstream and Marketing Midstream and marketing reported pre-tax income of $204 million for the fourth quarter of 2025, compared to pre-tax income of $81 million in the previous quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability, the results exceeded the high end of guidance. Quarter-over-quarter improvements were attributed to higher gas margins from transportation capacity optimization in the Permian, reduced long-haul crude transportation costs, and higher sulfur prices at Al Hosn, partially offset by lower equity method investment income from WES. WES equity method investment income for the fourth quarter was $87 million, which included negative items affecting comparability related to its fourth quarter 2025 acquisition. Discontinued Operations Occidental closed the sale of OxyChem on January 2, 2026. As a result, OxyChem s results of operations and cash flows, along with the related retained liabilities, are reported as discontinued operations in Occidental s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Cash Flows for all periods presented, with its assets and liabilities reclassified as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures This press release refers to adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted selling, general and administrative (SG A), other operating and non-operating expenses, which are supplemental measures not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Definitions of adjusted income (loss) and a reconciliation to net income (loss), along with operating cash flow before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in the financial schedules of this press release. Occidental s definition of adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses may differ from similarly titled measures provided by other companies in our industry and as a result may not be comparable. This press release also refers to F D Costs and reserves replaceme

=== [ER] edgar_0001628280-26-002483_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex991123125preearningsr.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Fourth Quarter 2025 Earnings Considerations Occidental Petroleum Corporation ( Occidental ) is providing the following summary of earnings considerations that management believes will impact results for the fourth quarter of 2025. The summary is intended only to provide information regarding current estimates of these factors. It is not comprehensive of all results for and changes that have occurred in the fourth quarter of 2025 and is not an estimate of the fourth quarter of 2025 earnings for Occidental. Further, this summary may not account for all adjustments and charges required to fully reflect changes in industry conditions, is preliminary and is subject to finalization of Occidental's financial reporting process for the fourth quarter of 2025. OxyChem Transaction As previously disclosed, Occidental completed the sale of Occidental Chemical Corporation ( OxyChem ) on January 2, 2026. Consequently, the results of operations and cash flows associated with OxyChem will be reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented, starting with the filing of Occidental's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2025. Occidental expects the range for its fourth quarter 2025 adjusted effective tax rate to be 35% to 37% for continuing operations and 24% to 26% for discontinued operations. Average Diluted Shares Outstanding Average diluted shares outstanding for the fourth quarter of 2025 were 1,002.9 million shares. Realizations The following table presents information about Occidental's average realized prices and index prices Three months ended December 31, 2025 Average Realized Prices Oil ($ Bbl) United States $ 58.01 International $ 64.68 Total Worldwide $ 58.99 NGL ($ Bbl) United States $ 15.78 International $ 23.78 Total Worldwide $ 16.66 Natural Gas ($ Mcf) United States $ 1.12 International $ 1.87 Total Worldwide $ 1.29 Average Index Prices WTI oil ($ Bbl) $ 59.14 Brent oil ($ Bbl) $ 63.09 NYMEX gas ($ Mcf) $ 3.61 Average Realized Prices as Percentage of Average Index Prices Worldwide oil as a percentage of average WTI 100 % % Worldwide oil as a percentage of average Brent 94 % % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average WTI 28 % % Domestic natural gas as a percentage of average NYMEX 31 % % Forward-Looking Statements The Fourth Quarter 2025 Earnings Considerations ( Earnings Considerations ) contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about Occidental's expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future financial position or sources of financing any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations or business strategy any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance any statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as estimate, will, may, intend, believe, subject to, expect, could, project or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes are generally indicative of forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Earnings Considerations unless an earlier date is specified. Unless legally required, Occidental does not undertake any obligation to update, modify or withdraw any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual outcomes or results, including the impact of the Earnings Considerations, may differ from anticipated results or estimates, sometimes materially. Factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to general economic conditions, including slowdowns and recessions, domestically or internationally Occidental's indebtedness and other payment obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations Occidental's ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance debt and the impact of changes in Occidental's credit ratings or future increases in interest rates assumptions about energy markets global and local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations and volatility supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, Occidental's products and services actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC oil producing countries results from operations and competitive conditions future impairments of Occidental's proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings unexpected changes in costs government actions (including the effects of announced or future tariff increases and other geopolitical, trade, tariff, fiscal and regulatory uncertainties), war (including the Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East) and political conditions and events inflation, its impact on markets and economic activity and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures and contractual obligations the regulatory approval environment, including Occidental's ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other government approvals, including those necessary for drilling and or development projects Occidental's ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or divestitures risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections or projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses, including retained liabilities and indemnification obligations associated with the chemical business uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas liquids (NGL) and natural gas 

=== [ER] edgar_0001628280-25-051056_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99109-30x25earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Occidental Announces 3rd Quarter 2025 Results Strong operational performance drove operating cash flow of $2.8 billion and operating cash flow before working capital of $3.2 billion Capital spending of $1.8 billion and contributions from noncontrolling interest of $39 million resulted in quarterly free cash flow before working capital of $1.5 billion Total company average production exceeded the high end of guidance with 1,465 Mboed Midstream and marketing exceeded the high end of guidance for pre-tax adjusted income Repaid $1.3 billion of debt during the third quarter of 2025, reducing Occidental's principal debt balance to $20.8 billion Earnings per diluted share of $0.65 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.64 HOUSTON November 10, 2025 Occidental (NYSE OXY) today announced net income attributable to common stockholders of $661 million, or $0.65 per diluted share, and adjusted income attributable to common stockholders of $649 million, or $0.64 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2025. Occidental s third quarter results are a testament to the exceptional operational execution of our teams and the strength of our upstream portfolio. We achieved notable outperformance across our oil and gas assets as well as within our midstream and marketing operations, said President and Chief Executive Officer Vicki Hollub. The sale of OxyChem is an important milestone in the strategic transformation of our company and will enable us to further strengthen our balance sheet, accelerate shareholder returns and unlock high-return opportunities across our core oil and gas business. QUARTERLY RESULTS Oil and Gas Oil and gas pre-tax income was $1.3 billion for the third quarter of 2025. Excluding items affecting comparability, the increase in third quarter oil and gas income, compared to the second quarter of 2025, was due to higher crude oil volumes and prices. For the third quarter of 2025, average WTI and Brent marker prices were $64.93 per barrel and $68.14 per barrel, respectively. Average worldwide realized crude oil prices increased by 2% from the prior quarter to $64.78 per barrel. Average worldwide realized natural gas liquids prices decreased by 5% from the prior quarter to $19.60 per barrel. Average domestic realized gas prices increased by 11% from the prior quarter to $1.48 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf). Total average global production for the third quarter of 2025 exceeded the high end of guidance with 1,465 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (Mboed). Average production for Permian, Rockies Other Domestic, Gulf of America and International were 800 Mboed, 288 Mboed, 139 Mboed and 238 Mboed, respectively. OxyChem OxyChem pre-tax income was $197 million for the third quarter of 2025. The decrease in third quarter OxyChem income, compared to the second quarter of 2025, was primarily due to lower realized prices and volumes across most product lines, partially offset by favorable raw material costs. Midstream and Marketing Midstream and marketing pre-tax income was $93 million for the third quarter of 2025. Excluding items affecting comparability, the third quarter midstream and marketing results exceeded the high end of guidance. Compared to the second quarter of 2025, the decrease in third quarter midstream and marketing income reflected lower Waha-to-Gulf-Coast gas spreads and higher expenses due to the increase in activities in the low-carbon venture businesses, partially offset by higher sulfur prices at Al Hosn. WES equity method investment income for the third quarter was $156 million. Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures This press release refers to adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted selling, general and administrative (SG A), other operating and non-operating expenses, which are supplemental measures not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Definitions of adjusted income (loss) and a reconciliation to net income (loss), along with operating cash flow from continuing operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in the financial schedules of this press release. Occidental s definition of adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow from continuing operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses may differ from similarly titled measures provided by other companies in our industry and as a result may not be comparable. About Occidental Occidental is an international energy company with assets primarily in the United States, the Middle East and North Africa. We are one of the largest oil and gas producers in the U.S., including a leading producer in the Permian and DJ basins, and offshore Gulf of America. Our midstream and marketing segment provides flow assurance and maximizes the value of our oil and gas, and includes our Oxy Low Carbon Ventures subsidiary, which is advancing leading-edge technologies and business solutions that economically grow our business while reducing emissions. Our chemical subsidiary OxyChem manufactures the building blocks for life-enhancing products. We are dedicated to using our global leadership in carbon management to advance a lower-carbon world. Visit oxy.com for more information. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts, including the proposed sale of OxyChem to Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (Berkshire) and the benefits of such sale. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited 

=== [ER] edgar_0001628280-25-044718_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99193025preearningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Considerations Occidental Petroleum Corporation ( Occidental ) is providing the following summary of earnings considerations that management believes will impact results for the third quarter of 2025. The summary is intended only to provide information regarding current estimates of these factors. It is not comprehensive of all results for and changes that have occurred in the third quarter of 2025 and is not an estimate of the third quarter of 2025 earnings for Occidental. Further, this summary may not account for all adjustments and charges required to fully reflect changes in industry conditions, is preliminary and is subject to finalization of Occidental's financial reporting process for the third quarter of 2025. Average Diluted Shares Outstanding Average diluted shares outstanding for the third quarter of 2025 were 1,003.1 million shares. Realizations The following table presents information about Occidental's average realized prices and index prices Three months ended September 30, 2025 Average Realized Prices Oil ($ Bbl) United States $ 64.55 International $ 66.03 Total Worldwide $ 64.78 NGL ($ Bbl) United States $ 18.98 International $ 24.40 Total Worldwide $ 19.60 Natural Gas ($ Mcf) United States $ 1.48 International $ 1.89 Total Worldwide $ 1.57 Average Index Prices WTI oil ($ Bbl) $ 64.93 Brent oil ($ Bbl) $ 68.14 NYMEX gas ($ Mcf) $ 3.28 Average Realized Prices as Percentage of Average Index Prices Worldwide oil as a percentage of average WTI 100 % Worldwide oil as a percentage of average Brent 95 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average WTI 30 % Domestic natural gas as a percentage of average NYMEX 45 % Forward-Looking Statements The Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Considerations ( Earnings Considerations ) contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future financial position or sources of financing any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations or business strategy any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance any statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as estimate, will, may, intend, believe, subject to, expect, could or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes are generally indicative of forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Earnings Considerations unless an earlier date is specified. Unless legally required, Occidental does not undertake any obligation to update, modify or withdraw any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual outcomes or results, including the impact of the aforementioned factors for the third quarter 2025, may differ from anticipated results or estimates, sometimes materially. Factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to general economic conditions, including slowdowns and recessions, domestically or internationally Occidental s indebtedness and other payment obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations Occidental s ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance debt and the impact of changes in Occidental s credit ratings or future increases in interest rates assumptions about energy markets global and local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations and volatility supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, Occidental s products and services actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) and non-OPEC oil producing countries results from operations and competitive conditions future impairments of Occidental's proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings unexpected changes in costs inflation, its impact on markets and economic activity and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures and contractual obligations the regulatory approval environment, including Occidental's ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other government approvals, including those necessary for drilling and or development projects Occidental's ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or divestitures, including the proposed sale of Occidental's chemical business to Berkshire Hathaway Inc. risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections or projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas liquid (NGL) and natural gas reserves lower-than-expected production from development projects or acquisitions Occidental s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes and improve Occidental s competitiveness exploration, drilling and other operational risks disruptions to, capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the pipeline systems that deliver Occidental s oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets, including capital market disruptions and instability of financial institutions government actions (including geopolitical, trade, tariff and regulatory uncertainties), war (including the Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East) and political conditions and events h

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-25-000109_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99106-30x25earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Occidental Announces 2nd Quarter 2025 Results Announcing $950 million of additional divestitures since the start of the second quarter of 2025, of which approximately $370 million has already closed. Occidental has repaid $3.0 billion of debt year-to-date through a combination of asset sales, organic cash flow and proceeds from warrants exercised Operating cash flow of $3.0 billion and operating cash flow before working capital of $2.6 billion Capital spending of $2.0 billion and contributions from noncontrolling interest of $51 million resulted in quarterly free cash flow before working capital of $0.7 billion Total company production above the mid-point of guidance with 1,400 Mboed Midstream and marketing exceeded the high-end of guidance for pre-tax adjusted income Earnings per diluted share of $0.26 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.39 Reducing the mid-point of 2025 capital guidance by $100 million and international operating costs by $50 million, driven by continued operational efficiency gains. Year-to-date, Occidental has realized or identified $500 million in capital and operating cost reductions from the original guidance HOUSTON August 6, 2025 Occidental (NYSE OXY) today announced net income attributable to common stockholders of $288 million, or $0.26 per diluted share, and adjusted income attributable to common stockholders of $396 million, or $0.39 per diluted share, for the second quarter of 2025. Continued well performance leadership and a focus on enhanced operational efficiencies enabled us to generate strong financial results in the second quarter, said President and Chief Executive Officer Vicki Hollub. By unlocking lower cost resources, accelerating our deleveraging efforts and advancing our strategic growth projects, we have positioned our portfolio to deliver long-term value. QUARTERLY RESULTS Oil and Gas Oil and gas pre-tax income was $934 million for the second quarter of 2025. Excluding items affecting comparability, the decrease in second quarter oil and gas income, compared to the first quarter of 2025, was due to lower commodity prices, partially offset by higher crude oil volumes and lower lease operating expense. For the second quarter of 2025, average WTI and Brent marker prices were $63.74 per barrel and $66.59 per barrel, respectively. Average worldwide realized crude oil prices decreased by 10% from the prior quarter to $63.76 per barrel. Average worldwide realized natural gas liquids prices decreased by 20% from the prior quarter to $20.71 per barrel. Average domestic realized gas prices decreased by 45% from the prior quarter to $1.33 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf). Total average global production for the second quarter of 2025 was 1,400 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (Mboed). Average production for Permian, Rockies Other Domestic, Gulf of America and International were 770 Mboed, 272 Mboed, 125 Mboed and 233 Mboed, respectively. OxyChem OxyChem pre-tax income was $213 million for the second quarter of 2025. Excluding items affecting comparability, second quarter OxyChem income was relatively unchanged compared to the first quarter of 2025 and reflected negative inventory adjustments, offset by improved export demand for caustic soda and polyvinyl chloride (PVC). Midstream and Marketing Midstream and marketing pre-tax income was $49 million for the second quarter of 2025. Excluding items affecting comparability, the second quarter midstream and marketing results exceeded the high end of guidance. Compared to the first quarter of 2025, the increase in second quarter midstream and marketing results reflected higher gas marketing margins from transportation capacity optimization in the Permian and higher sulfur prices at Al Hosn. WES equity method investment income for the second quarter was $150 million. Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures This press release refers to adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted selling, general and administrative (SG A), other operating and non-operating expenses, which are supplemental measures not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Definitions of adjusted income (loss) and a reconciliation to net income (loss), along with operating cash flow from continuing operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in the financial schedules of this press release. Occidental s definition of adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow from continuing operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses may differ from similarly titled measures provided by other companies in our industry and as a result may not be comparable. About Occidental Occidental is an international energy company with assets primarily in the United States, the Middle East and North Africa. We are one of the largest oil and gas producers in the U.S., including a leading producer in the Permian and DJ basins, and offshore Gulf of America. Our midstream and marketing segment provides flow assurance and maximizes the value of our oil and gas, and includes our Oxy Low Carbon Ventures subsidiary, which is advancing leading-edge technologies and business solutions that economically grow our business while reducing emissions. Our chemical subsidiary OxyChem manufactures the building blocks for life-enhancing products. We are dedicated to using our global leadership in carbon management to advance a lower-carbon world. Visit oxy.com for more information. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements o

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-25-000101_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99163025preearningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Considerations Occidental Petroleum Corporation ( Occidental ) is providing the following summary of earnings considerations that management believes will impact results for the second quarter of 2025. The summary is intended only to provide information regarding current estimates of these factors. It is not comprehensive of all results for and changes that have occurred in the second quarter of 2025 and is not an estimate of the second quarter of 2025 earnings for Occidental. Further, this summary may not account for all adjustments and charges required to fully reflect changes in industry conditions, is preliminary and is subject to finalization of Occidental's financial reporting process for the second quarter of 2025. Notable Items Factors expected to impact second quarter of 2025 results include Occidental s Gulf of America assets experienced production curtailments due to third-party constraints, extended facility maintenance, and schedule-related delays. Due to these production curtailments, Occidental's Gulf of America sales volumes for the second quarter of 2025 are estimated to be 125 Mboed. Total company production is expected to remain within the guidance range for the quarter. Occidental's Adjusted Effective Tax Rate is expected to be 35-37%, due to a shift in the jurisdictional mix of income driven by lower anticipated full year oil prices compared to original expectations. Average Diluted Shares Outstanding Average diluted shares outstanding for the second quarter of 2025 were 1,010.4 million shares. Realizations The following table presents information about Occidental's average realized prices and index prices Three months ended June 30, 2025 Average Realized Prices Oil ($ Bbl) United States $ 62.83 International $ 68.88 Total Worldwide $ 63.76 NGL ($ Bbl) United States $ 20.05 International $ 25.72 Total Worldwide $ 20.71 Natural Gas ($ Mcf) United States $ 1.33 International $ 1.90 Total Worldwide $ 1.46 Average Index Prices WTI oil ($ Bbl) $ 63.74 Brent oil ($ Bbl) $ 66.59 NYMEX gas ($ Mcf) $ 3.68 Average Realized Prices as Percentage of Average Index Prices Worldwide oil as a percentage of average WTI 100 % Worldwide oil as a percentage of average Brent 96 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average WTI 32 % Domestic natural gas as a percentage of average NYMEX 36 % Forward-Looking Statements The Second Quarter 2025 Earnings Considerations ( Earnings Considerations ) contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future financial position or sources of financing any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations or business strategy any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance any statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as estimate, will, may, intend, believe, subject to, expect, could or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes are generally indicative of forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Earnings Considerations unless an earlier date is specified. Unless legally required, Occidental does not undertake any obligation to update, modify or withdraw any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual outcomes or results, including the impact of the aforementioned factors for second quarter 2025, may differ from anticipated results or estimates, sometimes materially. Factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to general economic conditions, including slowdowns and recessions, domestically or internationally Occidental s indebtedness and other payment obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations Occidental s ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance debt and the impact of changes in Occidental s credit ratings or future increases in interest rates assumptions about energy markets global and local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations and volatility supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, Occidental s products and services actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC oil producing countries results from operations and competitive conditions future impairments of Occidental's proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings unexpected changes in costs inflation, its impact on markets and economic activity and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures and contractual obligations the regulatory approval environment, including Occidental's ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other government approvals, including those necessary for drilling and or development projects Occidental's ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or divestitures risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections or projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas liquid (NGL) and natural gas reserves lower-than-expected production from development projects or acquisitions Occidental s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes and improve Occidental s c

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-25-000075_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99103-31x25earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Occidental Announces 1st Quarter 2025 Results Closed asset sales of $1.3 billion in the first quarter and repaid debt of $2.3 billion to date in 2025 Strong operational performance drove first quarter operating cash flow of $2.1 billion and operating cash flow before working capital of $3.0 billion Capital spending of $1.9 billion and contributions from noncontrolling interest of $63 million resulted in quarterly free cash flow before working capital of $1.2 billion Total company production at the mid-point of guidance with 1,391 Mboed Midstream and marketing exceeded the mid-point of guidance for pre-tax adjusted income by $127 million OxyChem exceeded guidance with pre-tax adjusted income of $215 million Earnings per diluted share of $0.77 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.87 Reducing the mid-point of 2025 capital guidance by $200 million and domestic operating costs by $150 million, driven by continued operational efficiency gains and schedule optimization in the Permian and Gulf of America HOUSTON May 7, 2025 Occidental (NYSE OXY) today announced net income attributable to common stockholders of $766 million, or $0.77 per diluted share, and adjusted income attributable to common stockholders of $860 million, or $0.87 per diluted share, for the first quarter of 2025. In the first quarter, our teams sustained focus on operational excellence unlocked additional efficiencies and supported the delivery of resilient free cash flow, said President and Chief Executive Officer Vicki Hollub. We continue to rapidly advance towards our debt reduction goals, and we believe our deep, diverse portfolio of high-quality assets positions us for success in any market environment. QUARTERLY RESULTS Oil and Gas Oil and gas pre-tax income for the first quarter of 2025 was $1.7 billion, compared to pre-tax income of $1.2 billion for the fourth quarter of 2024. Excluding items affecting comparability, the increase in first quarter oil and gas income was due to higher domestic realized commodity prices, partially offset by lower sales volumes. For the first quarter of 2025, average WTI and Brent marker prices were $71.42 per barrel and $74.89 per barrel, respectively. Average worldwide realized crude oil prices increased by 2% from the prior quarter to $71.07 per barrel. Average worldwide realized natural gas liquids prices increased by 19% from the prior quarter to $25.94 per barrel. Average domestic realized gas prices increased by 92% from the prior quarter to $2.42 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf). Total average global production for the first quarter of 2025 was 1,391 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (Mboed). Average production for Permian, Rockies Other Domestic, Gulf of America and International were 754 Mboed, 292 Mboed, 121 Mboed and 224 Mboed, respectively. OxyChem OxyChem earned pre-tax income was $185 million for the first quarter of 2025. Excluding items affecting comparability, OxyChem income exceeded guidance by $15 million. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2024, the decrease in first quarter OxyChem income was primarily due to lower realized caustic soda and polyvinyl chloride (PVC) prices along with higher ethylene and natural gas costs. Midstream and Marketing Midstream and marketing pre-tax results for the first quarter of 2025 reflected a loss of $77 million, including net derivative losses of $84 million. Excluding items affecting comparability, the first quarter midstream and marketing results exceeded mid-point guidance by $127 million. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2024, the increase in first quarter midstream and marketing results was primarily due to the timing of crude oil sales and higher sulfur prices at Al Hosn. WES equity method investment income for the first quarter was $147 million. Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures This press release refers to adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted selling, general and administrative (SG A), other operating and non-operating expenses, which are supplemental measures not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Definitions of adjusted income (loss) and a reconciliation to net income (loss), along with operating cash flow from continuing operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in the financial schedules of this press release. Occidental s definition of adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow from continuing operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses may differ from similarly titled measures provided by other companies in our industry and as a result may not be comparable. About Occidental Occidental is an international energy company with assets primarily in the United States, the Middle East and North Africa. We are one of the largest oil and gas producers in the U.S., including a leading producer in the Permian and DJ basins, and offshore Gulf of America. Our midstream and marketing segment provides flow assurance and maximizes the value of our oil and gas, and includes our Oxy Low Carbon Ventures subsidiary, which is advancing leading-edge technologies and business solutions that economically grow our business while reducing emissions. Our chemical subsidiary OxyChem manufactures the building blocks for life-enhancing products. We are dedicated to using our global leadership in carbon management to advance a lower-carbon world. Visit oxy.com for more information. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact ar

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-25-000067_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99133125preearningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 First Quarter 2025 Earnings Considerations Occidental Petroleum Corporation ( Occidental ) is providing the following summary of earnings considerations that management believes will impact results for the first quarter of 2025. The summary is intended only to provide information regarding current estimates of these factors. It is not comprehensive of all results for and changes that have occurred in the first quarter of 2025 and is not an estimate of the first quarter of 2025 earnings for Occidental. Further, this summary may not account for all adjustments and charges required to fully reflect changes in industry conditions, is preliminary and is subject to finalization of Occidental's financial reporting process for the first quarter of 2025. Average Diluted Shares Outstanding Average diluted shares outstanding for the first quarter of 2025 were 982.9 million shares. Realizations The following table presents information about Occidental's average realized prices and index prices Three months ended March 31, 2025 Average Realized Prices Oil ($ Bbl) United States $ 70.80 International $ 72.59 Total Worldwide $ 71.07 NGL ($ Bbl) United States $ 25.67 International $ 27.85 Total Worldwide $ 25.94 Natural Gas ($ Mcf) United States $ 2.42 International $ 1.90 Total Worldwide $ 2.30 Average Index Prices WTI oil ($ Bbl) $ 71.42 Brent oil ($ Bbl) $ 74.89 NYMEX gas ($ Mcf) $ 3.62 Average Realized Prices as Percentage of Average Index Prices Worldwide oil as a percentage of average WTI 100 % Worldwide oil as a percentage of average Brent 95 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average WTI 36 % Domestic natural gas as a percentage of average NYMEX 67 % Forward-Looking Statements The First Quarter 2025 Earnings Considerations ( Earnings Considerations ) contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future financial position or sources of financing any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations or business strategy any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance any statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as estimate, will, may, intend, believe, subject to, expect, could or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes are generally indicative of forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Earnings Considerations unless an earlier date is specified. Unless legally required, Occidental does not undertake any obligation to update, modify or withdraw any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual outcomes or results, including the impact of the aforementioned factors for first quarter 2025, may differ from anticipated results or estimates, sometimes materially. Factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to general economic conditions, including slowdowns and recessions, domestically or internationally Occidental s indebtedness and other payment obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations Occidental s ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance debt and the impact of changes in Occidental s credit ratings or future increases in interest rates assumptions about energy markets global and local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations and volatility supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, Occidental s products and services actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC oil producing countries results from operations and competitive conditions future impairments of Occidental's proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings unexpected changes in costs inflation, its impact on markets and economic activity and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures and contractual obligations the regulatory approval environment, including Occidental's ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other government approvals, including those necessary for drilling and or development projects Occidental's ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or divestitures risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections or projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas liquid (NGL) and natural gas reserves lower-than-expected production from development projects or acquisitions Occidental s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes and improve Occidental s competitiveness exploration, drilling and other operational risks disruptions to, capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the pipeline systems that deliver Occidental s oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets, including capital market disruptions and instability of financial institutions government actions (including geopolitical, trade, tariff and regulatory uncertainties), war (including the Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East) and political conditions and events health, safety and environmental (HSE) risks, costs and liability under existing or future federal, reg

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-25-000028_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99112-31x24earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Occidental Announces 4th Quarter 2024 Results Progressed on Occidental's deleveraging priorities Completed our near-term debt repayment target of $4.5 billion Announced additional $1.2 billion of divestitures in the first quarter of 2025 Increased quarterly dividend by 9% to $0.24 per share, payable April 15, 2025, to stockholders of record as of March 10, 2025 Strong operational performance drove operating cash flow of $3.6 billion and operating cash flow before working capital of $3.1 billion Capital spending of $1.8 billion and contributions from noncontrolling interest of $54 million resulted in quarterly free cash flow before working capital of $1.4 billion Total company production of 1,463 Mboed exceeded the mid-point of guidance by 13 Mboed Midstream and marketing and Chemical segments exceeded income guidance Worldwide year-end proved reserves of 4.6 billion BOE with reserves replacement - all-in of 230% and reserves replacement - organic of 112% HOUSTON February 18, 2025 Occidental (NYSE OXY) today announced a net loss attributable to common stockholders of $297 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, and adjusted income attributable to common stockholders of $792 million, or $0.80 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2024. Fourth quarter of 2024 after-tax items affecting comparability of $1.1 billion mainly comprised of booking a long-term environmental liability increase based on a recent federal court ruling. Occidental has appealed the ruling and will seek cost recovery from all potentially responsible parties. It is expected that the cash outlay for remediation costs will be expended over 10 to 20 years, or more. Our teams continued to demonstrate industry-leading performance during the fourth quarter of 2024, outperforming guidance across all three segments and delivering record U.S. production while improving our capital efficiency, said President and Chief Executive Officer Vicki Hollub. Our operational excellence translated to another quarter of strong financial results, highlighted by our fourth quarter operating cash flow, enabling us to achieve our near-term debt repayment target of $4.5 billion. Additional key differentiators for Occidental are our 2024 all-in reserve replacement of 230% and organic reserves replacement of 112%, which are indicators of our long-term sustainability. QUARTERLY RESULTS Oil and Gas Oil and gas pre-tax income for the fourth quarter of 2024 was $1.2 billion, compared to pre-tax income of $1.2 billion for the third quarter of 2024. For the fourth quarter of 2024, average WTI and Brent marker prices were $70.27 per barrel and $73.97 per barrel, respectively. Average worldwide realized crude oil prices decreased by 7% from the prior quarter to $69.73 per barrel. Average worldwide realized natural gas liquids prices increased by 6% from the prior quarter to $21.80 per barrel. Average domestic realized gas prices increased by 215% from the prior quarter to $1.26 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf). Total average global production of 1,463 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (Mboed) for the fourth quarter of 2024 exceeded the mid-point of guidance by 13 Mboed, led by Permian and Rockies Other Domestic, while Gulf of America and International average daily production both came within guidance. Oil and Gas Proved Reserves As of December 31, 2024, Occidental's worldwide proved reserves totaled 4.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent (BOE), compared to 4.0 billion BOE for the same period in the prior year. Proved reserve additions were mainly driven by purchases of 623 million BOE, primarily from the CrownRock Acquisition, extensions and discoveries of 326 million BOE, mostly in the Permian Basin, and positive revisions associated with infill development projects of 112 million BOE, primarily in the DJ and Permian Basins. The 2024 Reserves Replacement - All-In was 230% and the three-year average Reserves Replacement - All-In was 181%. The 2024 Reserves Replacement - Organic was 112% and the three-year average Reserves Replacement - Organic was 137%. OxyChem OxyChem pre-tax income exceeded guidance at $270 million for the fourth quarter of 2024. The decrease in fourth quarter OxyChem income, compared to third quarter of 2024 income, resulted primarily from lower realized polyvinyl chloride (PVC) pricing and lower seasonal fourth quarter demand across most product lines. This decrease was partially offset by advantageous commercial thresholds triggered in the fourth quarter. Midstream and Marketing Midstream and marketing pre-tax results for the fourth quarter of 2024 reflected a loss of $134 million, which included net derivative losses of $88 million. WES equity method investment income for the fourth quarter was $142 million. Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures This press release refers to adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted selling, general and administrative (SG A), other operating and non-operating expenses, which are supplemental measures not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Definitions of adjusted income (loss) and a reconciliation to net income (loss), along with operating cash flow from continuing operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in the financial schedules of this press release. Occidental s definition of adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow from continuing operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest, free cash flow before working capital and adjusted SG A, other operating and non-operating expenses may differ from similarly titled measures provided by other companies in our industry and as a result may not be comparable. This press release also refers to F D Costs and reserves replacement ratio, which are non-GAAP measures that Occidental believes are widely used in our industry, as well as by analysts and i

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-25-000003_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex991123124preearningsr.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Considerations Occidental Petroleum Corporation ( Occidental ) is providing the following summary of earnings considerations that management believes will impact results for the fourth quarter of 2024. The summary is intended only to provide information regarding current estimates of these factors. It is not comprehensive of all results for and changes that have occurred in the fourth quarter of 2024 and is not an estimate of the fourth quarter of 2024 earnings for Occidental. Further, this summary may not account for all adjustments and charges required to fully reflect changes in industry conditions, is preliminary and is subject to finalization of Occidental's financial reporting process for the fourth quarter of 2024. Average Diluted Shares Outstanding Average diluted shares outstanding for the fourth quarter of 2024 were 983.9 million shares. Realizations The following table presents information about Occidental's average realized prices and index prices Three months ended December 31, 2024 Average Realized Prices Oil ($ Bbl) United States $ 69.27 International $ 72.55 Total Worldwide $ 69.73 NGL ($ Bbl) United States $ 21.14 International $ 27.11 Total Worldwide $ 21.80 Natural Gas ($ Mcf) United States $ 1.26 International $ 1.88 Total Worldwide $ 1.41 Average Index Prices WTI oil ($ Bbl) $ 70.27 Brent oil ($ Bbl) $ 73.97 NYMEX gas ($ Mcf) $ 2.66 Average Realized Prices as Percentage of Average Index Prices Worldwide oil as a percentage of average WTI 99 % Worldwide oil as a percentage of average Brent 94 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average WTI 31 % Domestic natural gas as a percentage of average NYMEX 47 % Forward-Looking Statements The Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Considerations ( Earnings Considerations ) contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future financial position or sources of financing any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations or business strategy any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance any statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as estimate, will, may, intend, believe, subject to, expect, could or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes are generally indicative of forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Earnings Considerations unless an earlier date is specified. Unless legally required, Occidental does not undertake any obligation to update, modify or withdraw any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual outcomes or results, including the impact of the aforementioned factors for fourth quarter 2024, may differ from anticipated results or estimates, sometimes materially. Factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to general economic conditions, including slowdowns and recessions, domestically or internationally Occidental s indebtedness and other payment obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations Occidental s ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance debt and the impact of changes in Occidental s credit ratings or future increases in interest rates assumptions about energy markets global and local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations and volatility supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, Occidental s products and services actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC oil producing countries results from operations and competitive conditions future impairments of Occidental's proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings unexpected changes in costs inflation, its impact on markets and economic activity and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures and contractual obligations the regulatory approval environment, including Occidental's ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other government approvals, including those necessary for drilling and or development projects Occidental's ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or divestitures risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas liquid (NGL) and natural gas reserves lower-than-expected production from development projects or acquisitions Occidental s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes and improve Occidental s competitiveness exploration, drilling and other operational risks disruptions to, capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the pipeline systems that deliver Occidental s oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets, including capital market disruptions and instability of financial institutions government actions, war (including the Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East) and political conditions and events health, safety and environmental (HSE) risks, costs and liability under existing or future federal, regional, state, provincial, tribal, local and international HSE l

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-24-000163_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99109-30x24earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Occidental Announces 3rd Quarter 2024 Results Strong operational performance drove operating cash flow of $3.8 billion and operating cash flow before working capital of $3.1 billion Capital spending of $1.7 billion and contributions from noncontrolling interest of $47 million resulted in quarterly free cash flow before working capital of $1.5 billion Total company production of 1,412 Mboed exceeded the mid-point of guidance by 22 Mboed Midstream and marketing exceeded the mid-point of guidance for pre-tax adjusted income by $145 million OxyChem exceeded guidance with pre-tax income of $304 million Earnings per diluted share of $0.98 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.00 Repaid $4.0 billion of debt, achieving nearly 90% of Occidental's short-term debt reduction target HOUSTON November 12, 2024 Occidental (NYSE OXY) today announced net income attributable to common stockholders of $964 million, or $0.98 per diluted share and adjusted income attributable to common stockholders of $977 million, or $1.00 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2024. Strong operational performance across all segments has resulted in our highest quarterly operating cash flow this year, said President and Chief Executive Officer Vicki Hollub. The integration of CrownRock is off to a great start in terms of personnel and operations, and we have made significant progress in our deleveraging efforts, achieving nearly 90% of our short-term debt reduction target. QUARTERLY RESULTS Oil and Gas Oil and gas pre-tax income for the third quarter of 2024 was $1.2 billion, compared to pre-tax income of $1.6 billion for the second quarter of 2024. Included in third quarter pre-tax income were losses on sales of assets and other, net of $572 million, primarily related to the sale of non-core U.S. onshore assets. Excluding items affecting comparability, third quarter adjusted oil and gas income increased from the prior quarter due to higher sales volumes, partially offset by lower realized commodity prices. For the third quarter of 2024, average WTI and Brent marker prices were $75.09 per barrel and $78.41 per barrel, respectively. Average worldwide realized crude oil prices decreased by 6% from the prior quarter to $75.33 per barrel. Average worldwide realized natural gas liquids prices decreased by 4% from the prior quarter to $20.47 per barrel. Average domestic realized gas prices decreased by 26% from the prior quarter to $0.40 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf). Total average global production of 1,412 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (Mboed) for the third quarter of 2024 exceeded the mid-point of guidance by 22 Mboed, led by Permian, which exceeded the mid-point of production guidance by 30 Mboed with average production of 729 Mboed. Rockies Other Domestic and International average daily production volumes were 321 Mboed and 226 Mboed, respectively. Gulf of Mexico average daily production volumes of 136 Mboed were slightly below the lower end of guidance, primarily due to the weather impacts. OxyChem OxyChem earned pre-tax income of $304 million for the third quarter of 2024, which was modestly above guidance. Third quarter OxyChem income, compared to second quarter of 2024 income, remained essentially flat as market conditions remained relatively unchanged. Midstream and Marketing Midstream and marketing pre-tax results for the third quarter of 2024 reflected income of $631 million, which included gains on the sale of common units representing limited partner interests in Western Midstream Partners, LP (WES) of $490 million and net derivative gains of $142 million, partially offset by an impairment charge of $21 million. Excluding items affecting comparability, the third quarter adjusted midstream and marketing results exceeded mid-point guidance by $145 million. WES equity method investment income, excluding items affecting comparability, for the third quarter was $136 million. Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures This press release refers to adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest and free cash flow before working capital, which are supplemental measures not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Definitions of adjusted income (loss) and a reconciliation to net income (loss), along with operating cash flow before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest and free cash flow before working capital and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in the financial schedules of this press release. Occidental s definition of adjusted income (loss), operating cash flow before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest and free cash flow before working capital may differ from similarly titled measures provided by other companies in our industry and as a result may not be comparable. About Occidental Occidental is an international energy company with assets primarily in the United States, the Middle East and North Africa. We are one of the largest oil and gas producers in the U.S., including a leading producer in the Permian and DJ basins, and offshore Gulf of Mexico. Our midstream and marketing segment provides flow assurance and maximizes the value of our oil and gas, and includes our Oxy Low Carbon Ventures subsidiary, which is advancing leading-edge technologies and business solutions that economically grow our business while reducing emissions. Our chemical subsidiary OxyChem manufactures the building blocks for life-enhancing products. We are dedicated to using our global leadership in carbon management to advance a lower-carbon world. Visit oxy.com for more information. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to any project

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-24-000158_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99193024preearningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Considerations Occidental Petroleum Corporation ( Occidental ) is providing the following summary of earnings considerations that management believes will impact results for the third quarter of 2024. The summary is intended only to provide information regarding current estimates of these factors. It is not comprehensive of all results for and changes that have occurred in the third quarter of 2024 and is not an estimate of the third quarter of 2024 earnings for Occidental. Further, this summary may not account for all adjustments and charges required to fully reflect changes in industry conditions, is preliminary and is subject to finalization of Occidental's financial reporting process for the third quarter of 2024. Average Diluted Shares Outstanding Average diluted shares outstanding for the third quarter of 2024 were 975.7 million shares. Realizations The following table presents information about Occidental's average realized prices and index prices Three months ended September 30, 2024 Average Realized Prices Oil ($ Bbl) United States $ 74.81 International $ 78.54 Total Worldwide $ 75.33 NGL ($ Bbl) United States $ 19.50 International $ 28.48 Total Worldwide $ 20.47 Natural Gas ($ Mcf) United States $ 0.40 International $ 1.90 Total Worldwide $ 0.76 Average Index Prices WTI oil ($ Bbl) $ 75.09 Brent oil ($ Bbl) $ 78.41 NYMEX gas ($ Mcf) $ 2.37 Average Realized Prices as Percentage of Average Index Prices Worldwide oil as a percentage of average WTI 100 % Worldwide oil as a percentage of average Brent 96 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average WTI 27 % Domestic natural gas as a percentage of average NYMEX 17 % Forward-Looking Statements The Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Considerations ( Earnings Considerations ) contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future financial position or sources of financing any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations or business strategy any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance any statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as estimate, will, may, intend, believe, subject to, expect, could or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes are generally indicative of forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Earnings Considerations unless an earlier date is specified. Unless legally required, Occidental does not undertake any obligation to update, modify or withdraw any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual outcomes or results, including the impact of the aforementioned factors for third quarter 2024, may differ from anticipated results or estimates, sometimes materially. Factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to general economic conditions, including slowdowns and recessions, domestically or internationally Occidental s indebtedness and other payment obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations Occidental s ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance debt and the impact of changes in Occidental s credit ratings or future increases in interest rates assumptions about energy markets global and local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations and volatility supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, Occidental s products and services actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC oil producing countries results from operations and competitive conditions future impairments of Occidental's proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings unexpected changes in costs inflation, its impact on markets and economic activity and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures and contractual obligations the regulatory approval environment, including Occidental's ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other government approvals, including those necessary for drilling and or development projects Occidental's ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or divestitures risks associated with acquisitions (including our recently completed acquisition of CrownRock, L.P.), mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas liquid (NGL) and natural gas reserves lower-than-expected production from development projects or acquisitions Occidental s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes and improve Occidental s competitiveness exploration, drilling and other operational risks disruptions to, capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the pipeline systems that deliver Occidental s oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets, including capital market disruptions and instability of financial institutions government actions, war (including the Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East) and political conditions and events health, safety and environmental (HSE) risks, costs and liability under existing or future federal, region

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-24-000134_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99106-30x24earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Occidental Announces 2nd Quarter 2024 Results Strong operational performance drove operating cash flow of $2.4 billion and operating cash flow before working capital of $3.0 billion Capital spending of $1.8 billion and contributions from noncontrolling interest of $42 million resulted in quarterly free cash flow before working capital of $1.3 billion Total company production of 1,258 Mboed exceeded the mid-point of guidance by 6 Mboed Midstream and marketing exceeded guidance for pre-tax adjusted income by over $180 million OxyChem approximated guidance with pre-tax income of $296 million Earnings per diluted share and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $1.03 Maintaining full-year production guidance, excluding CrownRock, even with the expected divestiture of 15 Mboed in the fourth quarter HOUSTON August 7, 2024 Occidental (NYSE OXY) today announced net income and adjusted income attributable to common stockholders for the second quarter of 2024 of $1.0 billion, or $1.03 per diluted share. The strength of our operational performance resulted in impressive financial results for the second quarter of 2024, said President and Chief Executive Officer Vicki Hollub. We are excited to continue building on this positive momentum across our deep and diverse asset portfolio with the addition of CrownRock. QUARTERLY RESULTS Oil and Gas Oil and gas pre-tax income for the second quarter of 2024 was $1.6 billion, compared to pre-tax income of $1.2 billion for the first quarter of 2024. Excluding items affecting comparability, second quarter adjusted oil and gas income increased from the prior quarter due to higher domestic crude oil volumes and lower depreciation, depletion and amortization rates, as our Gulf of Mexico operations overcame the extended third-party outage in mid-April, and higher domestic crude oil prices, partially offset by lower domestic gas prices and higher transportation expenses. For the second quarter of 2024, average WTI and Brent marker prices were $80.56 per barrel and $84.95 per barrel, respectively. Average worldwide realized crude oil prices increased by 5% from the prior quarter to $79.89 per barrel. Average worldwide realized natural gas liquids prices decreased by 4% from the prior quarter to $21.23 per barrel. Average domestic realized gas prices decreased by 66% from the prior quarter to $0.54 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf). Total average global production of 1,258 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (Mboed) for the second quarter of 2024 exceeded the midpoint of guidance by 6 Mboed, led by Permian and Gulf of Mexico who both exceeded the midpoint of their respective production guidance with average production of 587 Mboed and 138 Mboed, respectively. Rockies Other Domestic and International average daily production volumes were 306 Mboed and 227 Mboed, respectively. OxyChem OxyChem earned pre-tax income of $296 million for the second quarter of 2024. Excluding items affecting comparability, the increase in second quarter OxyChem income, compared to first quarter of 2024 income, was primarily due to higher realized caustic soda and polyvinyl chloride prices and improved sales volumes across most product lines, partially offset by higher ethylene costs. Midstream and Marketing Midstream and marketing pre-tax results for the second quarter of 2024 reflected income of $116 million. Excluding items affecting comparability, the second quarter adjusted midstream and marketing results exceeded guidance by over $180 million. WES equity method investment income, excluding items affecting comparability, for the second quarter was $163 million. Compared to the first quarter of 2024, the increase in midstream and marketing results reflected higher gas marketing income as a result of improved gas transportation spreads from the Permian to the Gulf Coast and lower equity method investment losses in our low-carbon ventures businesses. Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures This press release refers to adjusted income (loss), cash flow from operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest and free cash flow before working capital, which are supplemental measures not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Definitions of adjusted income (loss) and a reconciliation to net income (loss), along with cash flow from operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest and free cash flow and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in the financial schedules of this press release. Occidental s definition of adjusted income (loss), cash flow from operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest and free cash flow may differ from similarly titled measures provided by other companies in our industry and as a result may not be comparable. About Occidental Occidental is an international energy company with assets primarily in the United States, the Middle East and North Africa. We are one of the largest oil and gas producers in the U.S., including a leading producer in the Permian and DJ basins, and offshore Gulf of Mexico. Our midstream and marketing segment provides flow assurance and maximizes the value of our oil and gas. Our chemical subsidiary OxyChem manufactures the building blocks for life-enhancing products. Our Oxy Low Carbon Ventures subsidiary is advancing leading-edge technologies and business solutions that economically grow our business while reducing emissions. We are committed to using our global leadership in carbon management to advance a lower-carbon world. Visit oxy.com for more information. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future fin

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-24-000121_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99163024preearningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Considerations Occidental Petroleum Corporation ( Occidental ) is providing the following summary of earnings considerations that management believes will impact results for the second quarter of 2024. The summary is intended only to provide information regarding current estimates of these factors. It is not comprehensive of all results for and changes that have occurred in the second quarter of 2024 and is not an estimate of the second quarter of 2024 earnings for Occidental. Further, this summary may not account for all adjustments and charges required to fully reflect changes in industry conditions, is preliminary and is subject to finalization of Occidental's financial reporting process for the second quarter of 2024. Average Diluted Shares Outstanding Average diluted shares outstanding for the second quarter of 2024 were 958.9 million shares. Realizations The following table presents information about Occidental's average realized prices and index prices Three months ended June 30, 2024 Average Realized Prices Oil ($ Bbl) United States $ 79.79 International $ 80.40 Total Worldwide $ 79.89 NGL ($ Bbl) United States $ 20.19 International $ 28.11 Total Worldwide $ 21.23 Natural Gas ($ Mcf) United States $ 0.54 International $ 1.91 Total Worldwide $ 0.92 Average Index Prices WTI oil ($ Bbl) $ 80.56 Brent oil ($ Bbl) $ 84.95 NYMEX gas ($ Mcf) $ 1.99 Average Realized Prices as Percentage of Average Index Prices Worldwide oil as a percentage of average WTI 99 % Worldwide oil as a percentage of average Brent 94 % Worldwide NGL as a percentage of average WTI 26 % Domestic natural gas as a percentage of average NYMEX 27 % Forward-Looking Statements The Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Considerations ( Earnings Considerations ) contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to statements about Occidental s expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items or future financial position or sources of financing any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations or business strategy any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance any statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as estimate, will, may, intend, believe, subject to, expect, could or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes are generally indicative of forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Earnings Considerations unless an earlier date is specified. Unless legally required, Occidental does not undertake any obligation to update, modify or withdraw any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual outcomes or results, including the impact of the aforementioned factors for second quarter 2024, may differ from anticipated results or estimates, sometimes materially. Factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to general economic conditions, including slowdowns and recessions, domestically or internationally Occidental s indebtedness and other payment obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations Occidental s ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance debt and the impact of changes in Occidental s credit ratings or future increases in interest rates assumptions about energy markets global and local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations and volatility supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, Occidental s products and services actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC oil producing countries the scope and duration of global or regional health pandemics or epidemics and actions taken by government authorities and other third parties in connection therewith results from operations and competitive conditions future impairments of Occidental's proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings unexpected changes in costs inflation, its impact on markets and economic activity and related monetary policy actions by governments in response to inflation availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures and contractual obligations the regulatory approval environment, including Occidental's ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other government approvals, including those necessary for drilling and or development projects Occidental's ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or divestitures, including the acquisition of CrownRock, L.P. risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas liquid (NGL) and natural gas reserves lower-than-expected production from development projects or acquisitions Occidental s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes and improve Occidental s competitiveness exploration, drilling and other operational risks disruptions to, capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the pipeline systems that deliver Occidental s oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets, including capital market disruptions and instability of financial institutions government actions, war (including the Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle

=== [ER] edgar_0000797468-24-000093_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 oxyex99103-31x24earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document PRESS RELEASE Occidental Announces 1st Quarter 2024 Results Strong operational performance drove operating cash flow of $2.0 billion and cash flow from operations before working capital of $2.4 billion Capital spending of $1.8 billion and contributions from noncontrolling interest of $57 million resulted in quarterly free cash flow before working capital of $720 million Total company production of 1,172 Mboed near the mid-point of guidance while overcoming the extended third-party outage in the eastern Gulf of Mexico Midstream and marketing exceeded guidance for pre-tax income by approximately $100 million OxyChem exceeded guidance with pre-tax income of $260 million Earnings per diluted share of $0.75 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.63 HOUSTON May 7, 2024 Occidental (NYSE OXY) today announced net income attributable to common stockholders for the first quarter of 2024 of $718 million, or $0.75 per diluted share, and adjusted income attributable to common stockholders of $604 million, or $0.63 per diluted share. Operational excellence is fundamental to everything we do at Occidental, and our teams delivered at a high level across all segments during the first quarter of 2024, said President and Chief Executive Officer Vicki Hollub. We are executing in all areas of our diversified portfolio and positioned for free cash flow growth. First quarter of 2024 after-tax items affecting comparability of $114 million were comprised of a net gain in litigation settlements, primarily related to the Andes arbitration, and gains on asset sales included in WES's equity method investment income, partially offset by derivative losses and CrownRock acquisition-related costs. QUARTERLY RESULTS Oil and Gas Oil and gas pre-tax income for the first quarter of 2024 was $1.2 billion, compared to pre-tax income of $1.6 billion for the fourth quarter of 2023. Excluding items affecting comparability, first quarter adjusted oil and gas income of $1.3 billion declined from the prior quarter due to lower crude oil prices and domestic crude oil volumes, partially offset by lower domestic lease operating expenses. For the first quarter of 2024, average WTI and Brent marker prices were $76.96 per barrel and $81.83 per barrel, respectively. Average worldwide realized crude oil prices decreased by 4% from the prior quarter to $76.04 per barrel. Average worldwide realized NGL prices increased by 6% from the prior quarter to $22.14 per barrel. Average domestic realized gas prices decreased by 14% from the prior quarter to $1.61 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf). Total average global production of 1,172 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (Mboed) for the first quarter of 2024 came near the midpoint of guidance, while overcoming the extended third-party outage in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. Rockies Other Domestic average daily production volumes exceeded guidance at 286 Mboed, and Permian and International came within guidance at 567 Mboed and 229 Mboed, respectively. Average daily production for the Gulf of Mexico for the first quarter was 90 Mboed. Production affected by the third-party outage in the eastern Gulf of Mexico resumed in mid-April. OxyChem OxyChem earned pre-tax income of $254 million for the first quarter of 2024. Excluding items affecting comparability, first quarter adjusted OxyChem income of $260 million exceeded guidance by $10 million. Compared to fourth quarter of 2023 income, the increase in first quarter income was primarily due to improved demand for polyvinyl chloride and vinyl chloride monomer along with lower ethylene costs, partially offset by overall lower realized prices across many product lines. Midstream and Marketing Midstream and marketing pre-tax results for the first quarter of 2024 reflected a loss of $33 million. Excluding items affecting comparability, first quarter adjusted midstream and marketing results reflected a loss of $64 million, which exceeded guidance by approximately $100 million. WES equity method investment income, excluding items affecting comparability, for the first quarter was $161 million. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, the increase in midstream and marketing results reflected higher crude margins due to the timing impact of crude sales in the marketing business, partially offset by higher equity method investment losses and higher expenses due to increased activities in the low-carbon ventures businesses. Supplemental Non-GAAP Measures This press release refers to adjusted income (loss), cash flow from operations before working capital, capital expenditures, net of noncontrolling interest and free cash flow, which are supplemental measures not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to the comparable GAAP financial measures. Definitions of adjusted income (loss) and a reconciliation to net income (loss), along with cash flow from operations before working capita