=== MCHP_2025-05-23.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors When evaluating Microchip and its business, you should give careful consideration to the factors below, as well as the information provided elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in other filings we make with the SEC. Risk Factor Summary Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry impact of global economic conditions on our operating results, net sales and profitability; impact of economic conditions on the financial viability and performance of our licensees, customers, distributors, or suppliers; impact of price increases, increased tariffs, raw material availability or other factors affecting our suppliers; dependence on wafer foundries and other contractors by our licensees and ourselves; dependence on foreign sales, suppliers, and operations, which exposes us to foreign political and economic risks; dependence on orders received and shipped in the same quarter, limited visibility to product shipments other than those shipped through our LTSAs; intense competition in the markets we serve, leading to pricing pressures, reduced sales or market share; 13 Table of Contents ineffective utilization of our manufacturing capacity or failure to maintain manufacturing yields; impact of seasonality and wide fluctuations of supply and demand in the industry; dependence on distributors; ability to introduce new products on a timely basis; business interruptions affecting our operations or that of key vendors, licensees or customers; technology licensing business exposes us to various risks; the impact of the effects of sustained adverse climate change on our operations; reliance on sales into governmental projects, and compliance with associated regulations; risks related to grants from, or tax arrangements with, governments, agencies and research organizations; ability to realize anticipated benefits from completed or future acquisitions or divestitures; future impairments to goodwill or intangible assets; our failure to maintain proper and effective internal control and remediate future control deficiencies; customer demands to implement business practices that are more stringent than legal requirements; ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; and the occurrence of events for which we are self-insured, or which exceed our insurance limits. Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Products, Privacy, Intellectual Property, and Litigation interruptions in and unauthorized access to our IT systems and security breaches or incidents impacting our systems, or data that we or our service providers maintain or otherwise process including, but not limited to, data belonging to us or our customers, suppliers, contractors or employees; exposure of our customers' business and proprietary confidential information due to security vulnerabilities of our products; risks related to use of artificial intelligence (AI); risks related to compliance with laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, and handling of government-regulated data (e.g., controlled unclassified information, classified data, export-controlled data); risks related to legal proceedings, investigations or claims; risks related to contractual relationships with our customers and suppliers; and protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights. Risks Related to Taxation, Laws and Regulations impact on our reported financial results by new accounting pronouncements or changes in existing accounting standards and practices; the issuance of new export controls or trade sanctions, tariffs or other trade barriers, fines, restrictions or delays in our ability to export or import products, or increase costs associated with the manufacture or transfer of products; outcome of future examinations of our income tax returns; exposure to greater than anticipated income tax liabilities, changes in or the interpretation of tax rules and regulations or unfavorable assessments from tax audits; impact of the legislative and policy changes implemented globally by the current or future administrations; impact of stringent environmental, climate change, conflict-free minerals and other regulations or customer demands; failure to meet ESG expectations, standards or disclosure requirements; impact regarding the responsible use of our technologies; and requirement to fund our foreign pension plans. Risks Related to Capitalization and Financial Markets impact of various factors on our future trading price of our common stock; fluctuations in the amount and timing of our common stock repurchases; our ability to effectively manage current or future debt; our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing; impact of conversion of our convertible debt, Depositary Shares, and Series A Preferred Stock on the ownership interest of our existing stockholders and market price of our common stock; and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 14 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry Our operating results are impacted by global economic conditions and may fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors that could reduce our net sales and profitability. Our operating results are affected by a wide variety of factors that could reduce our net sales and profitability, many of which are beyond our control. Some of the factors that may affect our operating results include: general economic, industry, public health or political conditions in the U.S. or internationally, including uncertain economic conditions in U.S., China and Europe, changes in tariffs, interest rates, persistent inflation or instability in the banking sector; trade restrictions and increase in tariffs, including those on business in China, or focused on specific companies; the level of order cancellations or push-outs due to uncertain economic conditions or other factors; levels of inventories held by our customers and the customers of our distributors; the mix of inventory we hold and our ability to satisfy orders from our inventory; the level of orders that are received and can be shipped in a quarter, including the impact of product lead times; disruptions in our business, our supply chain or our customers' businesses due to public health concerns (including viral outbreaks and pandemics), cybersecurity incidents, terrorist activity, armed conflict, war (including military conflict in the Middle East and Russia's invasion of Ukraine), worldwide oil prices and supply, fires, natural disasters or disruptions in the transportation system; changes in demand or market acceptance of our products and products of our customers, and market fluctuations in the industries into which such products are sold; availability of raw materials including rare earth minerals, supplies and equipment due to supply chain constraints, disruptions in transportation systems, trade restrictions, or other factors; constrained availability from other electronic suppliers or disruptions in transit systems impacting our customers' ability to ship their products, which in turn may adversely impact our sales to those customers; our ability to continue to increase our factory capacity as needed to respond to changes in customer demand; our ability to secure sufficient wafer foundry, assembly and testing capacity; increased costs and availability of raw materials, supplies, equipment, utilities, labor, and/or subcontracted services for wafers, assembly and test; changes in utilization of our manufacturing capacity and fluctuations in manufacturing yields; changes or fluctuations in customer order patterns and seasonality; changes in tax regulations in countries in which we do business; new accounting pronouncements or changes in existing accounting standards and practices; risk of excess and obsolete inventories; competitive developments including pricing pressures; unauthorized copying of our products resulting in pricing pressure and loss of sales; our ability to successfully transition to more advanced process technologies to reduce manufacturing costs; the level of sell-through of our products through distribution or resale; our ability to realize the expected benefits of our past or future acquisitions; fluctuations in our mix of product sales; announcements of other significant acquisitions by us or our competitors; costs and outcomes of any current or future tax audits or any litigation, investigation or claims involving intellectual property, our acquisitions, customers or other issues; and property damage or other losses, whether or not covered by insurance. Period-to-period comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful and you should not rely upon any such comparisons as indications of our future performance. In future periods, our operating results may fall below our public guidance or the expectations of public market analysts and investors, which would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock. Uncertain global economic and public health conditions have caused and may in the future cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly and make comparisons between periods less meaningful. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by the financial viability and performance of our licensees, customers, distributors, or suppliers. We regularly review the financial viability and performance of our licensees, customers, distributors and suppliers. Any downturn in global or regional economic conditions, as a result of tariffs, high interest rates, high inflation, instability in the banking sector, the enactment of broad sanctions or tariffs by the U.S. or other countries, public health concerns, industry work stoppages, transit stoppages or other factors, may adversely impact their financial viability. The financial decline of a 15 Table of Contents large licensee, customer, reseller or distributor, an important supplier, or a group thereof, could have an adverse impact on our operating results and could result in our inability to collect our accounts receivable balances, higher allowances for credit losses, and higher operating costs as a percentage of net sales. Also, these parties may not comply with their contractual commitments, or may interpret them differently than we do, which could lead to termination of their performance with little or no notice to us, which could limit our ability to mitigate our exposure. If one of our counterparties becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, has business leverage, or favorable contractual terms, then our ability to recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's cessation of performance may be limited by their liquidity, the applicable laws, or their willingness to negotiate a resolution. In the event of such default or cessation of performance, we could incur significant losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have various arrangements with financial institutions for our cash deposits, and other banking activities, that subject us to risk if such institutions were to experience financial or regulatory difficulties. As a result, we may experience losses on our holdings of cash and cash equivalents due to failures of financial institutions or other related parties. We may lose sales if suppliers of raw materials, components or equipment fail to meet our or our customers' needs, increase prices, are impacted by increases in tariffs, or such raw materials, components or equipment become restricted or unavailable. Our manufacturing operations require raw and processed materials and equipment that must meet exacting standards. We generally have multiple sources for these supplies, but there may be a limited number of suppliers capable of meeting our standards. We have experienced supply shortages from time to time in the past, and on occasion our suppliers have told us they need more time to fill our orders, that they cannot fill certain orders, that they will no longer support certain equipment with updates or parts, or that they are increasing prices. In particular, in fiscal 2023 and in fiscal 2022, we experienced increased prices at certain suppliers for certain materials required for production purposes. However, in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025, the pricing environment stabilized compared to the two prior fiscal years. An interruption of any materials or equipment sources, or the lack of supplier support for a particular piece of equipment, could harm our business. The supplies necessary for our business could become more difficult to obtain as worldwide use of semiconductors increases, or due to supply chain disruptions, transit disruptions, trade restrictions or political instability. Additionally, consolidation in our supply chain due to mergers and acquisitions may reduce the number of suppliers or change our relationships with them. Also, the reduced availability of necessary labor, the application of sanctions, trade restrictions or tariffs by the U.S. or other countries or the impact of public health concerns, may adversely impact the industry supply chain. The U.S. has imposed additional tariffs on imports, and certain countries have imposed retaliatory tariffs on imports that have the U.S. as their country of origin. For example, in March and April 2025, the U.S imposed tariffs on imports from China and other countries and foreign governments imposed tariffs on imports from the U.S. It is unclear what tariffs will apply to semiconductors during this time of change. Additional tariffs imposed on components, raw materials, or equipment may increase our costs and have an adverse impact on our operating results in future periods. We may also incur increases in manufacturing costs in mitigating the impact of tariffs on our operations. We will attempt to mitigate the impact of those tariffs on our business but may experience an increase in operating costs, impaired sourcing flexibility, and reduced demand for our products, resulting in reduced revenue. Our customers may also be adversely affected by the tariffs and other issues described above. The labor, supplies and equipment necessary for their businesses could become more difficult to obtain for various reasons not limited to business interruptions of suppliers, reduced availability of labor, transit disruptions, consolidation in their supply chain, or sanctions, trade restrictions or tariffs or the impact of public health concerns that impair sourcing flexibility or increase costs. If our customers are not able to produce their products, then their need for our products will decrease. Such interruptions of our customers businesses could harm our business. We do not, nor have we historically, purchased significant amounts of equipment from Russia, Belarus, or Ukraine. However, the semiconductor industry, and purchasers of semiconductors, use raw materials that are sourced from these regions, such as neon, palladium, cesium, rubidium, and nickel. If we, or our direct or indirect customers, are unable to obtain the requisite raw materials or components needed to manufacture products, our ability to manufacture products, or demand for our products, may be adversely impacted. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. While there has been an adverse impact on the world s palladium, neon, cesium, and rubidium supply chains, at this time, our supply chains have been able to meet our needs. While sales of our products into Russia, Belarus and Ukraine and to customers that sell into these countries, have been negatively impacted by the Russian invasion of Ukraine, at this time, we have not experienced a material impact on our business, results of operations or financial conditions. Further, because we do not support the actions of Russia against Ukraine, in March 2022 we stopped selling products to customers 16 Table of Contents and distributors located in Russia and Belarus. Additionally, certain materials are primarily available in a limited number of countries, including rare earth elements, minerals, and metals. Trade disputes, geopolitical tensions, economic circumstances, transit disruptions, political conditions, or public health issues, may limit our ability to obtain materials or equipment. Although rare earth and other materials are generally available from multiple suppliers, China is the predominant producer of certain of these materials. In April 2025, China imposed export restrictions on certain rare earth minerals. If China were to further restrict or stop exporting these materials or pressure other countries to do so, our suppliers' ability to obtain such supply may be constrained and we may be unable to obtain sufficient quantities, or obtain supply in a timely manner, or at a commercially reasonable cost. Constrained supply of rare earth elements, minerals, and metals may restrict our ability to manufacture certain of our products and make it difficult or impossible to compete with other semiconductor memory manufacturers who are able to obtain sufficient quantities of these materials from China or other countries. We are dependent on wafer foundries and other contractors, as are our SuperFlash and other licensees. We rely on outside wafer foundries for a significant portion of our wafer fabrication needs. Specifically, during fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, approximately 64% of our net sales came from products that were produced at outside wafer foundries. We also use several contractors for a portion of the assembly and testing of our products. Specifically, during fiscal 2025, approximately 33% of our assembly requirements and 33% of our test requirements were performed by third-party contractors compared to approximately 41% of our assembly requirements and 29% of our test requirements during fiscal 2024. Due to the amount of inventory of our products that we are holding, we have recently taken actions to decrease our capacity allocation from our wafer fabrication, assembly and test subcontractors. In the event that we need to increase capacity allocation from our wafer fabrication, assembly and test subcontractors in the future there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary allocation of capacity from our wafer foundries and other contractors, or that such capacity will be available on acceptable terms. As our manufacturing subcontractors move to more advanced process technologies over time, we may find that they do not invest in some of the trailing edge process technologies on which a large portion of our products are manufactured. If this occurs, it may limit the amounts of net sales that we can achieve or require us to make significant investments to be able to manufacture these products in our own facilities or at other foundries and assembly and testing contractors. We expect that our reliance on third party contractors may increase over time as our business grows, and any inability to secure necessary external capacity could adversely affect our operating results. Transitioning production of products to new manufacturers may result in delayed product launches, reduced yields, or decreased product performance. If we encounter issues with product quality, insufficient capacity from a third-party manufacturer, or if we discontinue using a particular manufacturer or contractor, we may face challenges in securing an alternative supply for specific products in a timely manner. This could lead to significant delays in product shipments, potentially having an adverse impact on our results of operations. If our reliance on third-party contractors increases over time, our inability to secure necessary external capacity could adversely affect our operating results. In August 2022, the U.S. government passed the CHIPS Act to provide billions of dollars of cash incentives and a new investment tax credit to increase domestic manufacturing capacity in our industry. We expect to receive the cash benefit associated with the investment tax credit for qualifying capital expenditures in future periods and applied for other incentives provided by the legislation; however, we have not concluded negotiations with the U.S. Department of Commerce and there can be no assurance that we will pursue or receive any such other incentives, what the amount and timing of any incentive we receive will be, as to which other companies will receive incentives and whether the legislation will have a positive or negative impact on our competitive position. If we conclude our CHIPS Act negotiations and receive a CHIPS Act grant, the restrictions and operational requirements that are imposed on CHIPS Act grant recipients could add complexity to our operations and increase our costs. Our use of third parties reduces our control over the subcontracted portions of our business. Our future operating results could suffer if a significant contractor were to experience production difficulties, insufficient capacity, decreased manufacturing, reduced availability of labor, assembly and test yields, or increased costs due to disruptions such as political upheaval, transit disruptions, infrastructure disruption or pandemics. Additionally, our future operating results could suffer if our wafer foundries and other contractors increase the prices of the products and services that they provide to us. If third parties do not timely deliver products or services in accordance with our quality standards, we may be unable to qualify alternate manufacturing sources in a timely manner or on favorable terms, or at all. Additionally, these subcontractors could abandon processes that we need, or fail to adopt technologies that we desire to control costs. In such event, we could experience an interruption in production, an increase in manufacturing costs or a decline in product reliability, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Further, use of subcontractors increases the risks of misappropriation of our intellectual property. 17 Table of Contents Certain of our SuperFlash and other technology licensees rely on wafer foundries. If our licensees experienced disruption in supply at such foundries, this would reduce the revenue from our technology licensing business and would harm our operating results. We are highly dependent on foreign sales, suppliers, and operations, which exposes us to foreign political and economic risks. Sales to foreign customers account for a substantial portion of our net sales. During fiscal 2025, approximately 75% of our net sales were made to foreign customers, including 17% in China and 16% in Taiwan. During fiscal 2024, approximately 75% of our net sales were made to foreign customers, including 18% in China, 12% in Taiwan and 10% in Germany. Having a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. Although our sales in the Chinese market were very strong in calendar 2021, competition in China is intense, and China's economic growth slowed in calendar 2022 and through the first half of calendar 2023. In fiscal 2024 and in fiscal 2025, economic weakness in the Chinese market adversely impacted our sales volumes in China. As discussed above, the trade relationship between the U.S. and China remains challenging and could worsen in 2025, economic conditions in China remain uncertain, and we are unable to predict whether such uncertainty will continue or worsen in future periods. The increase in tariffs on semiconductors and raw materials that have the U.S. as their country of origin could lower demand for our products in China and other countries. Further, increasing investment in the semiconductor industry by the Chinese government and various state-owned of affiliated entities are intended to advance China's stated national policy objectives. The Chinese government may restrict us from participating in the China market, or may prevent us from competing effectively with Chinese companies. Weakening of foreign markets, especially in China, has resulted in lower demand for our products, which has adversely impacted our revenue in recent quarters and, if such conditions continue, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial conditions. We purchase a substantial portion of our raw materials and equipment from foreign suppliers. Please see the risks related to access to raw materials, components, or equipment on page 16 . In addition, we own product assembly and testing facilities, and finished goods warehouses near Bangkok, Thailand, which has experienced periods of political instability and severe flooding in the past. There can be no assurance that any future flooding or political instability in Thailand would not have a material adverse impact on our operations. We have a test facility in Calamba, Philippines. We use foundries and other foreign contractors for a significant portion of our assembly and testing and wafer fabrication requirements. Our reliance on foreign operations, foreign suppliers, maintenance of substantially all of our finished goods inventory at foreign locations and significant foreign sales exposes us to foreign political and economic risks, including, but not limited to: economic uncertainty in the worldwide markets we serve; trade restrictions and changes in tariffs; political instability, including changes in relations between China and Taiwan which could disrupt the operations of our Taiwan-based third-party wafer foundries, and subcontractors; social and economic instability due to public health concerns, wars, or other factors; supply chain disruptions or delays; potentially adverse tax consequences; import and export license requirements and restrictions; changes in laws related to taxes, trade, environmental, health and safety, technical standards, climate change, and consumer protection; restrictions on the transfer of funds, including currency controls in China, which could negatively affect the amount and timing of certain customer payments, and as a results our cash flows; currency fluctuations and foreign exchange regulations; difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; employment regulations; disruptions due to cybersecurity incidents; disruptions in international transport or delivery; public health conditions (including viral outbreaks such as COVID-19); and difficulties in collecting receivables and longer payment cycles. If any of these risks occur or are worse than we anticipate, our sales could decrease and our operating results could suffer, we could face an increase in the cost of components, production delays, business interruptions, delays in obtaining export licenses, or denials of such licenses, tariffs and trade restrictions, longer payment cycles, increased taxes, restrictions on the repatriation of funds and the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, any of which could ultimately have a 18 Table of Contents material adverse effect on our business. Further changes in trade policy, tariffs, additional taxes, or restrictions on supplies, equipment, and raw materials including rare earth minerals, may limit our ability to produce products, increase our selling and/or manufacturing costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, or inhibit our ability to sell products or purchase necessary equipment and supplies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial conditions. We depend on orders that are received and shipped in the same quarter and have limited visibility to product shipments other than orders placed under our LTSAs. Our net sales in any given quarter depend upon a combination of shipments from backlog, and orders that are both received and shipped in the same quarter, which we call turns orders. We measure turns orders at the beginning of a quarter based on the orders needed to meet the shipment targets that we set entering the quarter. Historically, our ability to respond quickly to customer orders has been part of our competitive strategy, resulting in customers placing orders with relatively short delivery schedules. Shorter lead times generally mean that turns orders as a percentage of our business are relatively high in any particular quarter and reduce our visibility on future shipments. Turns orders correlate to overall semiconductor industry conditions and product lead times, and in light of current industry conditions, turns orders are once again key to our ability to meet our business objectives. Because turns orders can be difficult to predict, especially in times of economic volatility and changes in tariffs, as experienced in current and recent quarters, where customers may change order levels within the quarter, varying levels of turns orders make it more difficult to forecast net sales. The level of turns orders has in the past and may in the future decrease in periods where customers are holding excess inventory of our products. We believe our customers increased their order levels in previous periods of tight supply to help ensure they had sufficient inventory of our products to meet their needs, and then they were unable to sell their products at their forecasted levels which reduced our level of turns orders. As a significant portion of our products are manufactured at foundries, foundry lead times may affect our ability to satisfy certain turns orders. If we do not achieve a sufficient level of turns orders in a particular quarter relative to our revenue targets or effectively manage our production based on changes in order forecasts, our revenue and operating results will likely suffer. Starting in the first quarter of calendar 2022, we began entering into LTSAs, which offer our customers the ability to receive prioritized capacity. LTSAs are not a guarantee of supply; however, they were designed to provide the highest priority for those orders which were under this program, and the capacity priority was on a first-come, first-served basis until the available capacity was booked. For example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, in fiscal 2024 and in fiscal 2025, we accommodated requests by customers to push-out certain orders to help them manage inventory levels and, in some cases, to help other customers that are experiencing supply shortages. However, in the event that we decide to not accommodate a request to push out orders and customers under this program still attempt to cancel or reschedule orders, or refuse shipment, we may be unable to recover damages from customers that default under this program. Additionally, this program has resulted in some customers holding excess inventory of our products and thus decreased their need to place new orders, including turns orders, in recent periods. We built inventories in response to customer demand, and the cancellation or deferral of product orders has resulted in excess inventory, which has resulted in write-downs of inventory and an adverse effect on our gross margins in recent periods. Intense competition in the markets we serve may lead to pricing pressures, reduced sales or reduced market share. The semiconductor industry is intensely competitive and faces price erosion and rapid technological change. We compete with major domestic and international semiconductor companies, many of which have greater market recognition and substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution and other resources than we do. In addition, some governments, such as China, may provide, or have provided and may continue to provide, significant assistance financial or otherwise, to some of our competitors, or to new entrants, and may intervene in support of national industries and/or competitors, including to try to disrupt the U.S. semiconductor industry. The semiconductor industry has experienced significant consolidation in recent years which has resulted in several of our competitors becoming much larger in terms of revenue, product offerings and scale. We may be unable to compete successfully in the future, which could harm our business. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: changes in demand in the markets that we serve and the overall rate of growth or contraction of such markets, including but not limited to the automotive, personal computing and consumer electronics markets; our success in designing and manufacturing new products including those implementing new technologies or complying with new governmental restrictions regarding implementation of new technologies; the rate at which customers incorporate our products into their applications and the success of such applications; our ability to obtain adequate foundry and assembly and test capacity and supplies at acceptable prices; 19 Table of Contents our ability to ramp production and increase capacity as needed, at our wafer fabrication and assembly and test facilities; the quality, performance, reliability, features, ease of use, pricing and diversity of our products; the rate at which the markets that we serve redesign and change their own products; product introductions by our competitors; the number, nature and success of our competitors in a given market; our ability to protect our products and processes by effective utilization of intellectual property rights; our ability to address the needs of our customers; our ability to attract and retain talent, including talent with expertise in developing areas such as AI; and general market and economic conditions. Historically, average selling prices in the semiconductor industry decrease over the life of a product. The average selling prices of our mixed-signal microcontroller, FPGA products, and proprietary products in our analog product line have remained relatively constant over time, while average selling prices of our memory and non-proprietary products in our analog product line have declined over time. The overall average selling price of our products is affected by these trends; however, variations in our product and geographic mix of sales can cause wider fluctuations in our overall average selling price in any given period. We have experienced, and may experience in the future, modest pricing declines in certain of our proprietary product lines, primarily due to competitive conditions. In the past, we have moderated average selling price declines in many of our proprietary product lines by introducing new products with more features and higher prices. However, we may not be able to do so in the future. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, competitive pricing pressures on our memory and non-proprietary products in our analog product line. In fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, we experienced cost increases which we were able to pass on to our customers. However, in the future, we may be unable to maintain average selling prices due to increased pricing pressure, including as a result of actions taken by foreign governments such as China to favor companies located in their own country through tariffs or other actions, which could adversely impact our operating results. We, and our competitors, seek to improve yields, and reduce die size, which could result in significant increases in worldwide supply and downward pressure on prices. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor products, if not accompanied by commensurate increases in demand, could lead to declines in average selling prices for our products, and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operating results will suffer if we ineffectively utilize our manufacturing capacity or fail to maintain manufacturing yields. Integrated circuit manufacturing processes are complex and sensitive to many factors, including contaminants in the manufacturing environment or materials used, the performance of our personnel and equipment, and other quality issues. As is typical in the industry, we have from time to time experienced lower than anticipated manufacturing yields. Our operating results will suffer if we are unable to maintain yields at or above approximately the current levels. This could include delays in the recognition of revenue, loss of revenue, and penalties for failure to meet shipment deadlines. Our operating results are adversely affected when we operate below normal capacity. In fiscal 2025 and in fiscal 2024, we operated at below normal capacity levels resulting in unabsorbed capacity charges of $173.0 million and $40.7 million, respectively. Additionally, as we are moving production between factories, we may experience lower than anticipated yields during this transition. Our operating results are impacted by seasonality and wide fluctuations of supply and demand in the industry. The semiconductor industry is characterized by seasonality and wide fluctuations of supply and demand. Historically, since a significant portion of our revenue is from international sales and consumer markets, our business generates stronger revenues in the first half and comparatively weaker revenues in the second half of our fiscal year. However, broad fluctuations in our business, changes in semiconductor industry and global economic conditions have had and can have a more significant impact on our results than seasonality. In periods when broad fluctuations, changes in business conditions or acquisitions occur, it is difficult to assess the impact of seasonality on our business. The semiconductor industry has had significant economic downturns (including in recent periods), characterized by diminished product demand and production over-capacity. We have sought to reduce our exposure to this industry cyclicality by selling proprietary products, that cannot be quickly replaced, to a geographically diverse customer base across a broad range of market segments. However, we have experienced substantial period-to-period fluctuations in operating results and expect, in the future, to experience period-to-period fluctuations in operating results due to general industry or economic conditions. In this regard, many of our customers felt the effects of slowing economic activity and increasing business uncertainty and customer requests to push-out or cancel backlog increased in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 and in fiscal 2024 and adversely impacted our revenue in recent periods. 20 Table of Contents Consistent with the slowing macroeconomic environment, and the growth in our inventory, we have paused our factory expansion actions at Fab 4 and Fab 5 and reduced our planned capital investments through fiscal 2026. We are unable to predict the duration or continued impact of the current or any future slowdown on our business. Our business is dependent on distributors to service our end customers. Sales to distributors accounted for approximately 45% of our net sales in fiscal 2025 and approximately 47% of our net sales in fiscal 2024. With the exception of certain orders placed under our LTSAs, we do not have long-term purchase agreements with our distributors, and we and our distributors may each terminate our relationship with little or no advance notice. Future adverse conditions in the U.S. or global economies and labor markets or credit markets due to tariffs or other factors could materially impact distributor operations. Any deterioration in the financial condition, or disruption in the operations of our distributors, would likely adversely impact the flow of our products to our end customers and adversely impact our results of operation. In addition, during an industry or economic downturn (including in recent periods), there may be an oversupply and decrease in demand for our products, which could reduce our net sales in a given period, increase order push-outs, increase inventory returns, and cause us to carry elevated levels of inventory. For example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, in fiscal 2024 and in fiscal 2025, we have accommodated requests by customers to push-out certain orders to help them manage inventory levels and, in some cases, to help other customers that are experiencing supply shortages. As a result of the foregoing, we have incurred charges in connection with obsolete or excess inventory, or we may not fully recover our costs, which would reduce our gross margins. Violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, export controls and sanction laws, or similar laws, by our distributors could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our success depends on our ability to introduce new products on a timely basis. Our future operating results depend on our ability to develop and timely introduce new products that compete effectively on the basis of price and performance and which address customer requirements. The success of our new product introductions depends on various factors, including, but not limited to: effective new product selection; timely completion and introduction of new product designs; availability of skilled employees; procurement of licenses for intellectual property rights from third parties under commercially reasonable terms, including those that may be needed to offer interoperability between our products and third-party products; implementation of appropriate technical standards developed by standard setting organizations; timely filing and protection of intellectual property rights for new product designs; availability of development and support tools and collateral literature that make complex new products easy for engineers to understand and use; and market acceptance of our customers' end products. Because our products are complex, we have experienced delays from time to time in completing new product development. New products may not receive or maintain substantial market acceptance. We may be unable to timely design, develop and introduce competitive products, which could adversely impact our future operating results. Our success also depends upon our ability to develop and implement new design and process technologies. Semiconductor design and process technologies are subject to rapid technological change and require significant R D expenditures. We and others in the industry have, from time to time, experienced difficulties in transitioning to advanced process technologies and have suffered reduced manufacturing yields or delays in product deliveries. Our future operating results could be adversely affected if any transition to future process technologies is substantially delayed or inefficiently implemented. Business interruptions to our operations or those of our key vendors, licensees or customers could harm our business. Operations at any of our facilities, at the facilities of any of our wafer fabrication or assembly and test subcontractors, or at any of our significant vendors, licensees or customers may be disrupted due to public health concerns (including outbreaks such as COVID-19), work stoppages or reduction in available labor, power loss, insufficient water, cyber-attacks, computer network compromises, incidents of terrorism or security risk, tariffs, political instability, governmental actions, telecommunications, transportation or other infrastructure failure, radioactive contamination, adverse changes in climate, or fires, earthquakes, floods, droughts, volcanic eruptions or other natural disasters. We have taken steps to mitigate the impact 21 Table of Contents of some of these events should they occur; however, we cannot be certain that we will avoid a significant impact on our business in the event of a business interruption. For example, in August 2024, we determined that an unauthorized party disrupted our use of certain servers and some of our business operations. As a result, certain of our manufacturing facilities were operating at less than normal levels for a period of time, and our ability to fulfill orders was temporarily impacted. While we were able to bring the affected portions of our IT systems back online and restore normal business operations in response to this August 2024 incident without a material impact to our business, we cannot be certain that we would be able to achieve this result in the event of another cyber incident. Separately, in the first three months of fiscal 2023 and in fiscal 2022, COVID-19 related restrictions adversely impacted our manufacturing operations in the U.S., the Philippines and Thailand along with our subcontractors' manufacturing operations in Malaysia, Taiwan and China. Similar challenges arose for our logistics service providers, which adversely impacted their ability to ship product to our customers. Any future pandemic could adversely impact our business in future periods if public health issues again becomes severe in one or more of our key markets such as China or in areas where our suppliers or manufacturing operations are located. In the future, local governments could require us to reduce production or cease operations at any of our facilities, and we could experience constraints in fulfilling customer orders. Additionally, operations at our customers and licensees may be disrupted for a number of reasons. In April and May 2020, we received a greater number of order cancellations and requests by our customers to reschedule deliveries to future dates. Some customers requested order cancellations within our firm order window and claimed applicability of force majeure clauses due to the impact of COVID-19. Likewise, if our licensees are unable to manufacture and ship products incorporating our technology, or if there is a decrease in product demand due to a business disruption, our royalty revenue may decline. Also, Thailand has experienced periods of severe flooding in recent years. While our facilities in Thailand have continued to operate normally, there can be no assurance that future flooding in Thailand would not have a material adverse impact on our operations. If operations at any of our facilities, or our subcontractors' facilities are interrupted, we may not be able to timely shift production to other facilities, and we may need to spend significant amounts to repair or replace our facilities and equipment. Business interruptions would likely cause delays in shipments of products to our customers, and alternate sources for production may be unavailable on acceptable terms. This could result in reduced revenues, cancellation of orders, or loss of customers. Although we maintain business interruption insurance, such insurance will likely not compensate us for any losses or damages, and business interruptions could significantly harm our business. For more information on adverse climate change see our risk " Sustained adverse climate change poses risks that could harm our results of operations" on page 36 . Our technology licensing business exposes us to various risks . Our technology licensing business is based on our SuperFlash and other technologies. The success of our licensing business depends on the continued market acceptance of these technologies and on our ability to further develop such technologies, to introduce new technologies, and to enforce our license terms. To be successful, any such technology must be able to be repeatably implemented by licensees, provide satisfactory yield rates, address licensee and customer requirements, and perform competitively. The success of our technology licensing business depends on various other factors, including, but not limited to: proper identification of licensee requirements; timely development and introduction of new or enhanced technology; our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights for our licensed technology, and enforce the terms of our licenses; our ability to limit our liability and indemnification obligations to licensees; availability of development and support services to assist licensees in their design and manufacture of products; availability of foundry licensees with sufficient capacity to support OEM production; and market acceptance of our customers' end products. Because our licensed technologies are complex, there may be delays from time to time in developing and enhancing such technologies. There can be no assurance that our existing or any enhanced or new technology will achieve or maintain substantial market acceptance. Our licensees may experience disruptions in production or reduced production levels which would adversely affect the revenue that we receive. Our technology license agreements generally include a clause that indemnifies the licensee against liability and damages (including legal defense costs) arising from certain intellectual property matters. We could be exposed to substantial liability for claims or damages related to intellectual property matters or indemnification claims. We have a program to audit the royalty payments made by our licensees to help ensure that the payments are in accordance with the terms of the applicable license agreements. From time to time, we or our licensees have 22 Table of Contents contested the amount of royalty payments and related claims have resulted and could result in significant legal fees and require significant attention from our management. These issues may adversely impact the success of our licensing business and adversely affect our future operating results. Sales into governmental projects, and compliance with associated regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. A significant portion of our sales are from or are derived from government agencies or customers who sell to U.S. government agencies. Such sales are subject to uncertainties regarding governmental spending levels, spending priorities, regulatory and policy changes. Future sales into U.S. government projects are subject to uncertain government appropriations and national defense policies and priorities, including the budgetary process, changes in the timing and spending priorities, the impact of any past or future government shutdowns, contract terminations or renegotiations, future sequestrations, changes in regulations that we must comply with to be eligible to accept new contracts, such as the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification requirements, or the impact of pandemics. For example, in fiscal 2022, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced suspensions and stop work orders for some of our subcontracts. Additionally, a section in the U.S. National Defense Authorization Act of 2023 (the NDAA 2023), signed into law on December 23, 2022, with provisions that go into effect in December 2027, prohibits U.S. government agencies from buying semiconductor products or services manufactured by SMIC, YMTC, CXMT and any other entity that the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Commerce determine is owned, controlled, or connected to the government of a foreign country of concern (Prohibited Companies). Some of our products are manufactured at SMIC, and some of our suppliers buy products manufactured at YMTC. If we are unable to alternately source or manufacture certain of our products, or discontinue use of products from Prohibited Companies, if any, when Section 5949 of the NDAA 2023 goes into effect in December 2027, this could adversely impact our sales to U.S. government agencies and their prime customers. Although such actions have not yet had a material adverse impact on our business, there can be no assurance as to the future costs or implications of such actions. Sales into government projects are also subject to uncertainties related to monetary, regulatory, tax and trade policies implemented by current or future administrations or by the U.S. Congress. Delays, reductions in or terminations of government contracts or subcontracts, including those caused by any past or future shutdown of the U.S. federal government, could materially and adversely affect our operating results. If, in the future, the U.S. government fails to complete its annual budget process, provide for a continuing resolution to fund government operations or increase the federal debt limit, another federal government shutdown may occur, during which we may experience further delays, reductions in or terminations of government contracts or subcontracts, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. While we generally function as a subcontractor in these type of transactions, further changes in U.S. government procurement regulations and practices, particularly surrounding initiatives to reduce costs or increase compliance obligations (such as the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification), may adversely impact the contracting environment, our ability to hire and retain employees, and our operating results. The U.S. government and its contractors may terminate their contracts with us at any time. Uncertainty in government spending and termination of contracts for government related projects could have a material adverse impact on the revenue from our government related business. Our contracts with U.S. governmental agencies or prime customers require us to comply with the contract terms, and governmental regulations, particularly for our facilities, systems and personnel that service such customers and related to handling of government-regulated data. To be awarded new contracts, we may be required to meet certain levels of the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certifications that we may not meet, or may choose not to meet. We are also required to have facility security clearances to perform classified contracts and to build and sell classified products for U.S. governmental agencies. These clearances are subject to the requirements and regulations including the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual that governs the protection of classified information released or disclosed in connection with the performance of classified government contracts. We must also comply with regulations regarding the handling of controlled unclassified information and export-controlled data. Complying with these regulations, including audit requirements, requires that we devote significant resources to such matters in terms of training, personnel, information technology and facilities. The increased cost of compliance may adversely affect our operating results. Any failure to comply with these requirements and regulations may result in fines and penalties, or loss of current or future business including our ability to continue as a supplier to U.S. governmental agencies and its contractors and may materially and adversely affect our operating results. From time to time we receive grants from governments, agencies and research organizations, or enter into tax arrangements. If we are unable to comply with the terms of those grants or arrangements, we may not be able to receive or recognize benefits or we may be required to repay benefits, recognize related charges, or could be required to implement 23 Table of Contents certain limitations on our business, which would adversely affect our operating results and financial position. From time to time, we have received, and may in the future receive, economic incentive grants, tax benefits, and allowances from national, state and local governments, agencies and research organizations targeted at increasing employment, production or investment at specific locations. Tax arrangements and subsidy grant agreements typically contain economic incentive, headcount, capital and research and development expenditures and other covenants that must be met to receive and retain benefits, and these programs can be subjected to periodic review by the relevant governments. The CHIPS Act and its associated regulations, for example, may contain certain restrictions on grant recipient technology licensing activities and the expansion of certain facilities. Compliance with these restrictions could add complexity to our operations and increase our costs. In addition, noncompliance with the conditions of the grants or arrangements could result in our forfeiture of all or a portion of any future amounts to be received, as well as the repayment of all or a portion of amounts received to date. We may be unable to obtain future incentives to continue to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and operating costs, without which our cost structure would be adversely impacted. Further, any decrease in amounts received could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may not fully realize the anticipated benefits of our completed or future acquisitions or divestitures. We have acquired, and expect in the future to acquire, additional businesses that we believe will complement or augment our existing businesses. In May 2018, we acquired Microsemi, which was our largest and most complex acquisition ever. Integration of our acquisitions is complex and may be costly and time consuming and include unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities. We may not successfully or profitably integrate, operate, maintain and manage any newly acquired operations or employees. We may not be able to maintain uniform standards, procedures and policies. We may not realize the expected synergies and cost savings from the integration. There may be increased risk due to integrating financial reporting and internal control systems. It may be difficult to develop, manufacture and market the products of a newly acquired company, or grow the business at the rate we anticipate. There may be increased risk associated with the activities of the acquired company such as regulatory violations related to their use of AI in their operations, technology development or product offerings or cyber security risks. Following an acquisition, we may not achieve the revenue or net income levels that justify the acquisition. We may suffer loss of key employees, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies and it may be difficult to implement our corporate culture at acquired companies. We have been and may in the future be subject to claims from terminated employees, stockholders of Microchip or the acquired companies and other third parties related to the transaction. In particular, in connection with our Microsemi and Atmel acquisitions, we became involved with third-party claims, litigation, governmental investigations and disputes related to such businesses and transactions. Acquisitions may also result in charges (such as acquisition-related expenses, write-offs, restructuring charges, or future impairment of goodwill), contingent liabilities, adverse tax consequences, additional share-based compensation expense and other charges that adversely affect our operating results. To fund our acquisition of Microsemi, we used a significant portion of our cash balances and incurred approximately $8.10 billion of additional debt. We may fund future acquisitions of new businesses or strategic alliances by utilizing cash, borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, issuing Commercial Paper, raising debt, issuing shares of our common stock, or other mechanisms. Further, if we decide to divest assets or a business, it may be difficult to find or complete divestiture opportunities or alternative exit strategies, which may include site closures, timely or on acceptable terms. These circumstances could delay the achievement of our strategic objectives or cause us to incur additional expenses with respect to the desired divestiture, or the price or terms of the divestiture may be less favorable than we had anticipated. Even following a divestiture or other exit strategy, we may have certain continuing obligations to former employees, customers, vendors, landlords or other third parties. We may also have continuing liabilities related to former employees, assets or businesses. Such obligations may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition to acquisitions, we have in the past, and expect in the future, to enter into joint development agreements or other strategic relationships with other companies. These transactions are subject to a number of risks similar to those we face with our acquisitions including our ability to realize the expected benefits of any such transaction, to successfully market and sell products resulting from such transactions or to successfully integrate any technology developed through such transactions. As a result of our acquisition activity our goodwill and intangible assets increased significantly and we may in the future incur impairments to goodwill or intangible assets. When we acquire a business, a substantial portion of the purchase price of the acquisition is allocated to goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. The amount of the purchase price which is allocated to goodwill is determined by the excess of the purchase price over the net identifiable assets acquired. As of March 31, 2025, we had goodwill of $6.68 24 Table of Contents billion and net intangible assets of $2.39 billion. In connection with the completion of our acquisition of Microsemi in May 2018, our goodwill and intangible assets increased significantly. We review our indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of those assets is more likely than not impaired. Factors that may be considered in assessing whether goodwill or intangible assets may be impaired include a decline in our stock price or market capitalization, reduced estimates of future cash flows and slower growth rates in our industry. Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on experience and to rely heavily on projections of future operating performance. Because we operate in highly competitive environments, projections of our future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from our actual results. Through March 31, 2025, we have never recorded a goodwill impairment charge. There were no intangible asset impairment charges in fiscal 2025. If in future periods, we determine that our goodwill or intangible assets are impaired, we will be required to write down these assets which would have a negative effect on our consolidated financial statements. If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control and remediate any future control deficiencies, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, which could harm our operating results, our ability to operate our business and our reputation with investors. We have in the past identified a material weakness in our internal controls related to accounting for income taxes and we also identified a material weakness in our internal controls related to IT system access. Although such material weaknesses were remediated in fiscal 2020, there can be no assurance that similar control issues will not be identified in the future. If we cannot remediate future material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in a timely manner, or if we identify additional control deficiencies that individually or together constitute significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, our ability to accurately record, process, and report financial information and our ability to prepare financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected. Failure to maintain effective internal controls could result in violations of applicable securities laws, stock exchange listing requirements, and the covenants under our debt agreements, subject us to litigation and investigations, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements, and adversely impact our stock price and our ability to access capital markets. Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which requires an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and a report by our independent auditors. In addition to the identified material weaknesses related to accounting for income taxes and to IT system access, which were remediated as of March 31, 2020, we have from time to time identified other significant deficiencies. If we fail to remediate any future material weaknesses or significant deficiencies or to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, which could harm our operating results, harm our ability to operate our business and reduce the trading price of our stock. Customer demands for us to implement business practices that are more stringent than legal requirements may reduce our revenue opportunities or cause us to incur higher costs. Some of our customers require that we implement practices that are more stringent than those required by applicable laws with respect to labor requirements, the materials contained in our products, energy efficiency, environmental impact or other items. To comply with such requirements, we may require our suppliers to adopt such practices. Our suppliers may in the future refuse to implement these practices, or may charge us more for complying with them. If certain of our suppliers refuse to implement the practices, we may be forced to source from alternate suppliers. The cost to implement such practices may cause us to incur higher costs and reduce our profitability, and if we do not implement such practices, such customers may disqualify us as a supplier, resulting in decreased revenue opportunities. Developing, enforcing, and auditing customer-requested practices at our own sites and in our supply chain will increase our costs and may require more personnel. We must attract and retain qualified personnel to be successful, and competition for qualified personnel has intensified. We must attract and retain qualified personnel to be successful, and competition for qualified personnel and available labor may intensify for a variety of reasons, including the increase in work-from-home arrangements, the wage inflation in our industry, and the demand for employees with expertise in developing fields such as AI. 25 Table of Contents Our business relies on the ability to attract and retain skilled employees across various functions, including management, technical, marketing, sales, research and development, manufacturing, and operations. Our failure to attract and retain hardware and software engineers, as well as sales and marketing personnel, could delay product development and introduction, thereby adversely affecting our net sales. We depend on a direct labor force at our manufacturing facilities, and any inability to maintain this workforce could adversely affect our operations. This could lead to delays in production and shipments, hinder our ability to meet customer demand, and ultimately adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operational results. As the integration of AI becomes more prevalent, there is an anticipated shift in the skills required within the workforce, making AI literacy increasingly important for our employees. Competition for personnel with AI expertise may be intense and costly. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we began a global reduction of our work force that could negatively affect employee morale, and diminish our attractiveness as an employer. If we lose existing qualified personnel or are unable to hire new qualified personnel, as needed, it could impair our ability to compete effectively. Furthermore, changes in immigration laws and regulations, or more robust enforcement of new or existing laws, may hinder our ability to attract and retain qualified engineering personnel. In the U.S., where a portion of our research and development teams are based, stricter immigration controls could adversely affect the employment status of non-U.S. engineers and other key technical employees, as well as our ability to hire new non-U.S. employees. U.S. immigration policies may also make it more challenging to recruit and retain highly skilled foreign national graduates from U.S. universities. Our success depends on the contributions of our senior management team. We have experienced transitions with respect to certain members of our senior management due to retirements or other reasons in the past and may do so in the future. Effective succession planning is important for our long-term success and we have a program designed to address this risk. Because we have no employment agreements with our U.S. senior management team, they could leave with little or no notice, which could make it more difficult for us to execute our planned business strategy. The inability to find suitable replacements for senior management could harm our ability to implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate. The occurrence of events for which we are self-insured, or which exceed our insurance limits, may adversely affect our profitability and liquidity. We have insurance coverage related to many different types of risk; however, we self-insure for some potentially significant risks and obligations, because we believe that it is more cost effective for us to self-insure than to pay the high premium costs. The risks and exposures that we self-insure include, but are not limited to, employee health matters, certain property matters, product defects, cybersecurity matters, employment risks, environmental matters, political risks, and intellectual property matters. Should there be a loss or adverse judgment in an area for which we are self-insured, then our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity may be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Products, Privacy, Intellectual Property, and Litigation We continue to be the target of attacks on our IT systems. Interruptions in and unauthorized access to our IT systems, security breaches or incidents impacting our systems or data that we or our service providers maintain or otherwise process including data belonging to us, or our customers, suppliers, contractors or employees, could adversely affect our business. We rely on the uninterrupted operation of complex IT systems and networks to operate our business. Any improper handling of confidential data, or significant disruption to our systems or networks, including, but not limited to, any that may relate to new system implementations, computer viruses, security breaches or incidents, cyber-attacks, ransom-style attacks, theft or tampering, inadvertent error, facility issues, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures or energy blackouts, security breaches or incidents in our customers or third-party providers networks, in third-party products we use, or in cloud-based services provided to, by, or enabled by us, or any data we or our service providers maintain or otherwise process, including but not limited to, data belonging to us or our customers, suppliers, contractors or employees, or any perception any of the foregoing has occurred, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operations, supply chain, sales and operating results, result in regulatory inquiries, investigations or other proceedings against us, result in claims, demands and litigation against us, or damage our reputation. Such improper handling of confidential data, or system or network disruption, or any cyber-attack or other means of effectuating a security breach or incident, could result in loss or unavailability of all or a portion of our systems and business operations, and a loss, unavailability, an unauthorized release of, or other unauthorized use or processing of, personal data, or our suppliers or our customers intellectual property or confidential, proprietary or sensitive information. Any such matter, or any perception that it has occurred, could harm our 26 Table of Contents business or competitive position, result in a loss of customer confidence, and cause us to incur significant costs to remedy the damages, and may result in lower revenue, lower margins, regulatory investigations, inquiries or other proceedings, enforcement actions, remediation obligations, claims for damages, litigation, and fines, penalties, damages, other liabilities, and other sanctions. We have experienced and continue to experience verifiable attacks on our IT systems and data, including network compromises, attempts to breach our security measures and attempts to introduce malicious software into our IT systems. For example, in August 2024, we determined that an unauthorized party disrupted our use of certain servers and some of our business operations. As a result, certain of our manufacturing facilities were operating at less than normal levels for a period of time, and our ability to fulfill orders was temporarily impacted. While we were able to bring the affected portions of our IT systems back online and restore normal business operations in response to this August 2024 incident without a material impact to our business, we cannot be certain that we would be able to achieve this result in the event of another cyber-attack. We routinely evaluate the effectiveness of the containment mechanisms that we have implemented and continue to implement additional measures. We analyzed the information that was compromised in August 2024 and we do not believe that this cyber incident has had a material adverse effect on our business or resulted in any material damage to us. New information can develop that may impact our assessment of cyber events, including information learned as we develop and deploy mitigations. Due to the types of products we sell and the significant amount of sales we make to government agencies or customers whose principal sales are to U.S. government agencies, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience in the future, attacks on our IT systems and data, including attempts to breach our security, network compromises and attempts to introduce malicious software into our IT systems. Geopolitical events and tensions may increase these risks. Also, as AI continues to evolve, cyber-attackers could use AI to develop malicious code, sophisticated phishing attempts, and convincing deep fakes. A deep fake is a manipulation of our content or the voices or images of our leaders to maliciously publish false messages that appear to be authentic. Such messages may harm our reputation, which may in turn have an adverse impact on our revenue and profits, and reduce the trading price of our stock. A threat could also be introduced by our or our customers and business partners use of AI tools. The output of these tools may include threats such as introducing malicious code when AI generated source code is incorporated into products or systems. Were any future attacks to be successful, or through the unintentional introduction of security vulnerability due to AI usage, we may be unaware of the incident, its magnitude, or its effects until significant harm is done. More generally, we may face significant delays in identifying, remediating, and otherwise responding to any interruption, disruption, security breach or incident. In recent years, we have regularly implemented improvements to our protective measures that have included, but have not been limited to, implementation of the following: firewalls, endpoint intrusion detection and response software, regular patches, log monitors, event correlation tools, network segmentation, routine backups with offsite retention of storage media, system audits, dual factor identification, data partitioning, privileged account segregation and monitoring, routine password modifications, and an enhanced information security program including training classes and phishing exercises for employees and contractors with system access, along with tabletop exercises conducted by information security personnel. As a result of the material weakness in our internal controls resulting from the IT systems compromise that we experienced in fiscal 2019, we have taken remediation actions and implemented additional controls and we are continuing to take actions to attempt to address evolving threats. However, our system improvements have not been fully effective in preventing attacks on our IT systems and data, including breaches of our security measures, and there can be no assurance that any future system improvements will be effective in preventing cyber-attacks or disruptions, a ransom-style attack, or limiting the damage from any cyber-attacks or disruptions. Our ability to recover from ransomware and other ransom-style attacks may be limited if our backups have been affected by the attack, or if restoring data from backups is delayed or not feasible. Our system improvements have resulted in increased costs to us and we may be required to dedicate additional expenditures and resources to making system improvements and otherwise addressing cybersecurity matters in the future, whether in response to any disruption, interruption, breach, incident or otherwise. Further, any future improvements, attacks or disruptions could result in additional costs related to rebuilding our internal systems, defending litigation, complaints or other claims, providing notices to regulatory agencies or other third parties, responding to regulatory inquiries, actions or other proceedings, or paying damages, fines or penalties. Such attacks or disruptions could have a material adverse impact on our business, operations and financial results. Furthermore, our efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations related to cybersecurity, such as SEC rules requiring disclosure of a material cybersecurity incident, may be costly and any actual or alleged failure to comply could result in investigations, proceedings, investor lawsuits and reputational damage. In addition, employees and former employees, in particular former employees who become employees of our competitors, customers, licensees, or other third parties, including state actors, have in the past and may in the future misappropriate, wrongfully use, publish, access, process or provide to our competitors, customers, licensees or other third 27 Table of Contents parties, including state actors, our technology, intellectual property, or other proprietary or confidential information. This risk would be exacerbated to the extent our competitors for talent, particularly engineering talent, hire our employees. Similarly, we provide access to certain of our technology, intellectual property, and other proprietary or confidential information to our direct and indirect customers and licensees and certain of our consultants, who may wrongfully use such technology, intellectual property or information, or wrongfully disclose such technology, intellectual property or information to third parties, including our competitors or state actors. Third-party service providers, such as wafer foundries, assembly and test contractors, distributors, credit card processors, and other vendors have access to portions of our and our customers' data. These service providers also face significant cybersecurity threats, and they may be subject to cyber-attacks, disruptions, and interruptions to their networks and systems, and otherwise may suffer from security breaches and incidents. Any such breach or incident, including any involving misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized processing of data maintained or otherwise processed by our third-party service providers, or any perception any of these has occurred, could negatively impact our business, operations and financial results, as well as our relationship with our customers. Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our cybersecurity practices or measures. We do not have insurance coverage specially for cybersecurity matters. Insurance coverage that we do have may not be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our cybersecurity practices or measures or otherwise relating to any cybersecurity breach or incident, and we cannot be sure that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. We face risks related to security vulnerabilities in our products . Our products, or IP that we purchase or license from third parties for use in our products, as well as industry-standard specifications that we implement in our products, may be subject to security vulnerabilities. And, while some of our products contain encryption or security algorithms to protect third-party content or user-generated data stored on our products, these products could still be hacked or the encryption schemes could be compromised, breached, or circumvented by motivated and sophisticated attackers. Our products are being used in application areas that create new or increased cybersecurity, privacy or safety risks including applications that gather and process data, such as the cloud or Internet of Things, and automotive applications. We, our customers, and the users of our products may not promptly learn of or have the ability to fully assess the magnitude or effects of a vulnerability, including the extent, if any, to which a vulnerability has been exploited. Additionally, new information can develop that may impact our assessment of a security vulnerability, including information learned as we develop and deploy mitigations, or become aware of additional variants or evaluate the competitiveness of products. Security vulnerabilities and any limitations of, or adverse effects resulting from, mitigation techniques can adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, sales, customer relationships, share price, prospects, and reputation in a number of ways, any of which may be material. Adverse publicity about security vulnerabilities or mitigations could damage our reputation with customers or users and reduce demand for our products and services. These effects may be greater to the extent that competing products are not susceptible to the same vulnerabilities or if vulnerabilities can be more effectively mitigated in competing products. Moreover, third parties can release information regarding potential vulnerabilities of our products before mitigations are available. This, in turn, could lead to attempted or successful exploits of vulnerabilities, adversely affect our ability to introduce mitigations, or otherwise harm our business and reputation. We face risks to our business and proprietary confidential information due to use of AI. We limit our employees use of third-party and open-source AI tools, such as ChatGPT, in accordance with our internal guidelines and procedures. However, the internal governance of the use of these technologies can be challenging, and our employees and consultants may use these tools on an unauthorized basis and our partners may use these tools, which poses additional risks relating to the protection of data, including the potential exposure of our proprietary confidential or other controlled information to unauthorized recipients and the misuse of our or third-party intellectual property. Use of AI tools may result in allegations or claims against us related to violation of third-party intellectual property rights, unauthorized access to or use of proprietary information, failure to comply with open-source software requirements, and failure to comply with actual or asserted legal or other obligations. AI tools may also produce inaccurate responses that could lead to errors in our decision-making, product development or other business activities, which could have a negative impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Our ability to mitigate these risks will depend on our continued effective 28 Table of Contents maintaining, training, monitoring and enforcement of appropriate guidelines and procedures governing the use of AI tools, and the results of any such use, by us or our partners. Issues relating to the responsible use of our technologies, including AI, may result in reputational or financial harm and liability. Concerns relating to the responsible use of technologies, including new and evolving technologies such as AI, in our internal operations, products and services may result in reputational or financial harm and liability and may cause us to incur costs to resolve such issues. AI poses emerging legal, social, and ethical issues and presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. If we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, such as AI solutions that have unintended consequences, infringe copyright or rights of publicity, or are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment or other social, economic or political issues, or if we are unable to develop effective internal policies and frameworks relating to the responsible development and use of AI enabling products, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Complying with regulations from different jurisdictions related to AI could increase our cost of doing business, may change the way that we operate in certain jurisdictions, or may impede our ability to use AI in our internal operations or offer certain products and services in certain jurisdictions if we are unable to comply with regulations. Compliance with existing and proposed government regulation of AI, including in jurisdictions such as the EU, may also increase the cost of related research and development, and create additional reporting and/or transparency requirements. New and updated AI regulations could impose onerous obligations that may disadvantage us and require us to change our business practices, which may negatively impact our financial results. Our failure to comply with federal, state, or international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and handling, and cybersecurity may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations in the U.S. and internationally regarding privacy, data protection and handling, and cybersecurity, such as the European Union s (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the U.K. equivalent to the GDPR, and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), and the EU Cyber Resilience Act and Cybersecurity Act. The scope of these laws and regulations is rapidly evolving, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. Some of these laws create a broad definition of personal information, establish data privacy rights, impose data breach notification requirements, and create potentially severe statutory damages or other remedial frameworks and private rights of action for certain data breaches. Some of the laws and regulations also place restrictions on our ability to collect, store, use, transmit and process personal information and other data across our business. For example, the GDPR restricts the ability of companies to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) to the U.S. and other countries. Some of these laws mandate data-handling and cybersecurity requirements, conformity assessments and incident reporting such as the Cybersecurity Maturity Model. Further, such laws and regulations have resulted and will continue to result in significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for companies such as us that have employees, customers, and operations in the EEA or make sales into government-related projects. We have relied mainly on the European Commission s Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs), for transfers of personal information from the EEA to the U.S. or other countries. However, the Court of Justice of the EU in a July 2020 decision (Schrems II) invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (Privacy Shield), and also called for stricter conditions in the use of the SCCs. Following the Schrems II decision, certain data protection authorities in the EU have issued statements advising companies within their jurisdiction not to transfer personal data to the U.S. under the SCCs. The EU and U.S. have established a successor framework to the Privacy Shield, the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), but it already has faced a legal challenge and may face additional legal challenges. If we are unable to implement sufficient safeguards to ensure that our transfers of personal information from the EEA are lawful, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions and substantial fines and injunctions against processing personal information from the EEA. The loss of our ability to lawfully transfer personal data out of the EEA may cause reluctance or refusal by European customers to communicate with us as they are currently, and we may be required to increase our data processing capabilities in the EEA at significant expense. Additionally, other countries outside of the EEA have passed or are considering passing laws requiring local data residency, which could increase the cost and complexity of providing our products in those jurisdictions. Furthermore, the GDPR and the U.K. equivalent of the GDPR expose us to two parallel data protection regimes in Europe, each of which potentially authorizes fines and enforcement actions for certain violations. Substantial fines may be imposed for breaches of data protection requirements, which can be up to 4% of a company s worldwide revenue or 20 million Euros, whichever is greater, and classes of individuals or consumer protection organizations may initiate litigation related to our processing of their personal data. Although the U.K. data protection regime currently permits data transfers from the U.K. to 29 Table of Contents the EEA and other third countries, covered by a European Commission 'adequacy decision' through the continued use of SCCs and binding corporate rules, these laws and regulations are subject to change, and any such changes could have adverse implications for our transfer of personal data from the U.K. to the EEA and other third countries. Additionally, new and updated AI regulations could impose onerous obligations that may disadvantage us and require us to change our business practices. In the U.S., federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and handling, and cybersecurity. For example, California has enacted the CCPA, which creates new individual privacy rights for California consumers (as defined in the law) and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CPRA, which became operative January 1, 2023, expands the CCPA s requirements, including applying to personal information of business representatives and employees and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. Additionally, numerous other states have proposed or enacted laws addressing privacy and security, many of which impose obligations similar to those of the CCPA. The U.S. federal government also has laws regarding handling of government-regulated data (e.g., controlled unclassified information, classified data, export controlled data) and is contemplating federal privacy legislation. The CCPA, and other evolving legislation relating to privacy, data protection, and information security may impact our business activities and require us to modify our policies and practices. If other jurisdictions enact similar cross-border personal data transfer laws and local personal data residency laws, it would increase the cost and complexity of doing business and non-compliance could result in fines or other sanctions from regulators. The inability to transfer personal data to the U.S. could significantly and negatively impact our business operations, limit our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to European and other data privacy and security laws, or require us to increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense. Some European regulators have prevented companies from transferring personal data out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations, which could negatively impact our business. While we plan to continue to undertake efforts to conform to current legal and regulatory obligations and to account for relevant best practices, such efforts may be unsuccessful or result in significant costs. We may also experience reluctance, or refusal by European or multi-national customers to continue to provide us with personal data due to the potential risk exposure of personal data transfers and the current data protection obligations imposed on them by applicable data protection laws or by certain data protection authorities. These and any other laws relating to privacy or data protection and handling and their interpretations continue to develop and their uncertainty and inconsistency may increase the cost of compliance, cause compliance challenges, restrict our ability to offer products in certain locations in the same way that we have been, and potentially adversely affect certain third-party service providers. Further, any actual or alleged failure by us or our service providers to comply with laws, regulations, or other actual or asserted obligations relating to privacy, data protection and handling, or cybersecurity may subject us to claims, demands, and litigation, sanctions o