=== TXN_2026-03-04.htm.gz ===
txn-20260303 0000097476 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD 0000097476 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 txn:IlanMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 txn:IlanMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000097476 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000097476 txn:TempletonMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000097476 txn:IlanMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000097476 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000097476 txn:TempletonMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000097476 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000097476 txn:TempletonMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000097476 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000097476 txn:IlanMember 2023-06-02 2023-12-31 0000097476 txn:TempletonMember 2023-01-01 2023-06-01 0000097476 txn:IlanMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 txn:IlanMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 txn:IlanMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 txn:IlanMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 txn:IlanMember ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000097476 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ___________________ SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) ___________________ Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Texas Instruments Incorporated (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS April 16, 2026 Dear Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders on Thursday, April 16, 2026, on our property at 12500 TI Boulevard, Dallas, Texas, at 8:30 a.m. (Central time). If you plan to attend the annual meeting, please see Attendance and instructions for the annual meeting. At the meeting we will consider and act upon the following matters: the election of directors for the next year, advisory approval of the company s executive compensation, ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026, one stockholder proposal, if properly presented, and such other matters as may properly come before the meeting. Stockholders of record at the close of business on February 23, 2026, are entitled to vote at the annual meeting. We urge you to vote your shares as promptly as possible by (i) accessing the voting website, (ii) calling the toll-free number or (iii) signing, dating and mailing the enclosed proxy. Sincerely, Katie Kane Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel Dallas, Texas March 4, 2026 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS N otice of 2026 annual meeting of stockholders 1 Voting procedures, quorum and attendance requirements 3 Corporate governance and board of directors 4 Election of directors 4 Director nominees, qualifications and experience 4 Director nomination process 11 Communications with the board 11 Corporate governance 11 Annual meeting attendance 11 Director independence 12 Board organization 14 Board and committee meetings 14 Committees of the board 14 Board evaluation process 17 Board leadership structure 17 Oversight by the board 18 Director compensation 18 Executive compensation 22 Proposal regarding advisory approval of the company s executive compensation 22 Compensation discussion and analysis 22 Executive summary 22 Compensation philosophy and elements 23 Analysis of compensation determinations 27 Recoupment policy 34 Stock ownership guidelines and policy against hedging 36 Compensation committee report 36 2025 compensation tables 37 2025 summary compensation table 37 Grants of plan-based awards in 2025 39 Outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end 2025 40 2025 o ption exercises and stock vested 42 2025 p ension benefi ts 43 2025 n on-qualified deferred compensation 44 Potential payments upon termination or change in control 46 Pay ratio 48 Pay versus performance 49 Audit committee matters 51 Audit committee report 51 Proposal to ratify appointment of independent registered public accounting firm 51 Stockholder proposal 52 Additional information 55 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners 55 Security ownership of directors and management 56 Stockholder proposals and nominations for 2027 59 Benefit plan voting 60 Delinquent Section 16(a) reports 60 Telephone and internet voting 60 Stockholders sharing the same address 61 Internet availability of proxy materials 61 Notice regarding forward-looking statements 62 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 2 PROXY STATEMENT March 4, 2026 EXECUTIVE OFFICES 12500 TI BOULEVARD, DALLAS, TX 75243 MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 660199, MS 8658, DALLAS, TX 75266-0199 Voting procedures, quorum and attendance requirements TI s board of directors requests your proxy for the annual meeting of stockholders on April 16, 2026. If you sign and return the enclosed proxy or vote by telephone or on the internet, you authorize the persons named in the proxy to represent you and vote your shares for the purposes mentioned in the notice of annual meeting. This proxy statement and related proxy are being distributed on or about March 4, 2026. If you come to the meeting, you can vote in person. If you do not come to the meeting, your shares can be voted only if you have returned a properly signed proxy or followed the telephone or internet voting instructions, which can be found on the enclosed proxy. If you sign and return your proxy but do not give voting instructions, the shares represented by that proxy will be voted as recommended by the board of directors. You can revoke your authorization at any time before the shares are voted at the meeting. A quorum of stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. If at least a majority of the shares of TI common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote are present in person or by proxy, a quorum will exist. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted as present for purposes of establishing a quorum. Broker non-votes occur when a beneficial owner who holds company stock through a broker does not provide the broker with voting instructions as to any matter on which the broker is not permitted to exercise its discretion and vote without specific instruction. Shown below is a list of the matters to be considered at the meeting (each of which is discussed elsewhere in this proxy statement) and the vote required for election or approval, as the case may be. Matter Required Vote for Election or Approval Impact of Abstentions or Broker Non-Votes Election of directors. Majority of votes present in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to be cast in the election with respect to a nominee must be cast for that nominee. Abstentions have the same effect as votes against. Broker non-votes are not counted as votes for or against. Advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation. Majority of votes present in person or by proxy at the meeting must be cast for the proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes have the same effect as votes against. Proposal to ratify appointment of independent registered public accounting firm. Majority of votes present in person or by proxy at the meeting must be cast for the proposal. Abstentions have the same effect as votes against. (Brokers are permitted to exercise their discretion and vote without specific instruction on this matter. Accordingly, there are no broker non-votes.) Stockholder proposal to permit stockholders to act by written consent. Majority of votes present in person or by proxy at the meeting must be cast for the proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes have the same effect as votes against. Any other matter that may properly be submitted at the meeting. Majority of votes present in person or by proxy at the meeting must be cast for the proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes have the same effect as votes against. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 3 Attendance and instructions for the annual meeting Attendance at the annual meeting is limited to stockholders or their legal proxy holders. Each attendee must present a government-issued photo ID, such as a driver's license or passport, and an advance registration form to gain access. You may be denied entrance if the required identification and registration form are not presented. All attendees will be required to comply with TI s then-current site visitor policy, which will be posted on our Investor Relations website on or before April 13, 2026. Be advised that TI s security policy forbids weapons, cameras and audio/visual recording devices inside TI buildings. All bags will be subject to search upon entry into the building. If you plan to attend the annual meeting in person, you must print your own advance registration form and bring it to the meeting. Advance registration forms can be printed by clicking on the Attend a Meeting button found at www.proxyvote.com and following the instructions provided. You will need the 16-digit control number included in your notice, proxy card or voting instruction form. You must request your advance registration form by April 15, 2026, at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern time). If you are unable to print your advance registration form, please call Stockholder Meeting Registration Phone Support (toll-free) at 1-844-318-0137 or 1-925-331-6070 (international toll) for assistance. Guest advance registration forms are not available. Exceptions may be granted to stockholders who require a companion in order to facilitate their own attendance (for example, due to a physical disability) by contacting Investor Relations. Additionally, if you plan to attend as proxy for a stockholder of record, you must present a valid legal proxy from the stockholder of record to you. If you plan to attend as proxy for a street name stockholder, you must present a valid legal proxy from the stockholder of record (i.e., the bank, broker or other holder of record) to the street name stockholder that is assignable and a valid legal proxy from the street name stockholder to you. Stockholders may appoint only one proxy holder to attend on their behalf. Corporate governance and board of directors Election of directors Directors are elected at the annual meeting to hold office until the next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified. The board of directors has designated the following persons as nominees: Mark Blinn, Todd Bluedorn, Janet Clark, Carrie Cox, Martin Craighead, Reginald DesRoches, Curtis Farmer, Jean Hobby, Haviv Ilan, Ronald Kirk, Pamela Patsley and Robert Sanchez. If you return a proxy that is not otherwise marked, your shares will be voted FOR each of the nominees. Director nominees, qualifications and experience All of the nominees for directorship will be directors of the company at the time of the annual meeting. If any nominee becomes unable to serve before the meeting, the persons named as proxies may vote for a substitute, or the number of directors will be reduced accordingly. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 4 Summary The board is currently composed of 12 directors, 11 of whom are independent, possessing a wide range of skills, proven sound business judgment and commitment to the company s success. The following table highlights the most relevant qualifications, experience and skills that each director nominee contributes to the board. Qualifications, experience and skills Mark Blinn Todd Bluedorn Janet Clark Carrie Cox Martin Craighead Reginald DesRoches Curtis Farmer Jean Hobby Haviv Ilan Ronald Kirk Pamela Patsley Robert Sanchez Executive leadership Executive or senior leadership experience overseeing complex public or private enterprises. Experience includes managing large scale organizations, processes, strategic planning, sales and marketing, talent development, succession planning and long-term growth. Financial, auditing, accounting acumen Experience with financial accounting, reporting and compliance matters, including experience with financial statements, accounting principles and audit processes relevant to our business. Global, international experience Leadership experience in multinational organizations with expertise driving business success across a large workforce, complex global markets, international footprints and global supply chains. Governance Experience serving on other public company boards, which supports accountability, transparency and safeguarding stockholder interests. Industry, end market knowledge Experience relevant to the semiconductor industry and our end markets, with an understanding of customer dynamics and business risks and opportunities. Manufacturing operations, supply chain Leadership experience in complex manufacturing operations, including supply chain management. Public policy, regulatory, legal Experience navigating public policy, regulatory and legal matters relevant to our business, including sustainability. Risk management Experience identifying, evaluating and mitigating risks to our business. Technology, innovation Leadership or experience related to technology, innovation and R D with insights into disruptive innovation and emerging trends in dynamic, evolving industries. The board strives to attract directors with a broad range of complementary perspectives, experiences and backgrounds that are aligned with the company s strategic priorities. The board does not follow any ratio or formula. Rather, it uses its judgment to identify nominees whose qualifications, experience and skills, taken as a whole, will contribute to the high standards of board service at the company. The board actively seeks candidates with a broad range of perspectives and backgrounds, including women and minority candidates, for the pool from which board candidates are chosen. Maintaining a balance of tenure among the directors is also part of the board s consideration, as oversight of the company s strategy is best served from a range of perspectives; longer-serving directors bring valuable knowledge and familiarity with the company, while newer directors bring fresh perspectives. To help maintain this balance, the company has a mandatory retirement policy, pursuant to which directors cannot stand for election after reaching age 75. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 5 Nominee criteria In evaluating prospective nominees, the board and governance and stockholder relations (GSR) committee consider the following criteria: Outstanding achievement in the individual s personal career. Relevant commercial expertise. International operations experience. Financial acumen. Government experience. Standards of integrity and soundness of judgment. Ability to make independent, analytical inquiries. Ability to represent the total corporate interests of TI. Board diversity (viewpoints, gender, ethnicity). Willingness and ability to devote the time required to perform board activities adequately. Directors should not serve on the boards of more than three other public companies. Nominee assessment As it considered director nominees for the 2026 annual meeting, the board and GSR committee prioritized expertise most relevant for effective oversight of the company s strategic direction; succession planning for senior executive positions; the company s financial performance; the challenges of running a large, complex enterprise, including the management of its risks; major acquisitions and divestitures; and significant research and development (R D) and capital investment decisions. The board and GSR committee believe the director nominees are qualified and accomplished professionals, with experiences that support oversight of the company s strategy. The board and GSR committee believe that each of the nominees contributes essential insight into evolving industry considerations, risks and opportunities facing the company. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 6 Director nominees Mark Blinn Former chief executive officer of Flowserve Corporation Independent director Age 64 Director since 2013 Career highlights Mr. Blinn served in various positions at Flowserve, including as chief executive officer and president from 2009 to 2017 and chief financial officer from 2004 to 2009. Prior to Flowserve, Mr. Blinn held senior finance positions at several companies, including FedEx Kinko s Office and Print Services, Inc. and Centex Corporation. As an attorney, he represented financial institutions, foreign corporations and insurance companies. Key skills and experience Management responsibility of a large, multinational manufacturer operating in industrial markets Responsibility for significant capital and R D investments Keen appreciation for audit and financial control matters Other current public company directorships Emerson Electric Co. Globe Life Inc. Qnity Electronics, Inc. Other public company directorships in the last five years Kraton Corporation Leggett Platt, Incorporated Todd Bluedorn Former chairman and chief executive officer of Lennox International Inc. Independent director Age 62 Director since 2017 Career highlights Mr. Bluedorn served as vice chair of Madison Industries from 2022 to 2023. Prior to Madison Industries, he served as chief executive officer of Lennox International from 2007 to 2022 and chairman of the board from 2012 to 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Bluedorn held several senior management positions at United Technologies Corporation, including leading Otis Elevator North South America. Key skills and experience Management responsibility of a large, multinational manufacturer operating in industrial markets Responsibility for significant capital and R D investments Other current public company directorships Medline Inc. Samsara Inc. Other public company directorships in the last five years Lennox International Inc. Janet Clark Former chief financial officer of Marathon Oil Corporation Independent director Age 71 Director since 2015 Career highlights Ms. Clark was chief financial officer and executive vice president of Marathon Oil Corporation from 2007 to 2013 and senior vice president and chief financial officer from 2004 to 2007. Prior to Marathon, she served as chief financial officer of Nuevo Energy Company and Santa Fe Snyder Corporation. Ms. Clark has served as a director of Goldman Sachs BDC, Dell Inc. and Exterran Holdings, Inc. She also serves as a director of environmental nonprofit Resources for the Future. Key skills and experience Keen appreciation for audit and financial control matters Oversight of large multinational companies, including one in the technology industry Other current public company directorships EOG Resources, Inc. Other public company directorships in the last five years None 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 7 Carrie Cox Former chairman and chief executive officer of Humacyte, Inc. Independent director Age 68 Director since 2004 Career highlights Ms. Cox was the executive chair of Humacyte, Inc. from 2018 to 2019, where she was also chairman and chief executive officer from 2010 to 2018. Prior to Humacyte, Ms. Cox held several senior management positions in the medical industry, including leading the global pharmaceuticals business at Schering-Plough Corporation and the global prescription business at Pharmacia Corporation. She also serves as interim executive chair of Organon Co. Key skills and experience Management responsibility of a large multinational company operating in a regulated industry Responsibility for significant capital and R D investments Other current public company directorships Organon Co. Solventum Corporation Other public company directorships in the last five years Cardinal Health, Inc. Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc. Martin Craighead Former chairman and chief executive officer of Baker Hughes Inc. Independent director Age 66 Director since 2018 Career highlights At Baker Hughes Inc., Mr. Craighead served as chief executive officer from 2012 to 2017 and chairman of the board from 2013 until the company merged with GE in 2017. He then served as vice chair of Baker Hughes, a GE company, until 2019. Prior to leading the company, Mr. Craighead held several senior management roles at Baker Hughes, including as chief operating officer. Key skills and experience Management responsibility of a large, multinational company operating in industrial markets Responsibility for significant capital and R D investments Other current public company directorships Emerson Electric Co. Other public company directorships in the last five years Ecovyst Inc. Reginald DesRoches President of Rice University Independent director Age 58 Director since 2024 Career highlights Dr. DesRoches has been the president of Rice University since 2022 and a professor of engineering since 2017. Prior to his role as president, he served as Rice s Howard Hughes Provost from 2020 to 2022 and the William and Stephanie Sick Dean of Engineering from 2017 to 2020. Dr. DesRoches previously served as the chair of the School of Civil and Environmental Engineering at Georgia Tech. Key skills and experience Management responsibility of a large, internationally recognized research university Responsibility for significant capital and R D investments Keen appreciation for technology matters Other current public company directorships Brandywine Realty Trust Other public company directorships in the last five years None 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 8 Curtis Farmer Former chairman, president and chief executive officer of Comerica Incorporated Independent director Age 63 Director since 2023 Career highlights Prior to the merger with Fifth Third Bancorp in 2026, Mr. Farmer served as chief executive officer of Comerica from 2019, chairman from 2020 and president from 2015. Following the merger, Mr. Farmer serves as vice chair of Fifth Third. Prior to those roles, he was executive vice president from 2008 to 2011, then vice chairman from 2011 to 2015 at Comerica. Mr. Farmer has also held senior leadership positions at Wachovia Corporation. Key skills and experience Management responsibility of a large financial institution Responsibility for significant capital and R D investment Other current public company directorships None Other public company directorships in the last five years Comerica Incorporated Jean Hobby Retired partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Independent director Age 65 Director since 2016 Career highlights Ms. Hobby was global strategy officer of PricewaterhouseCoopers from 2013 to 2015. Prior to that, she held several senior management positions at the firm, including as technology, media and telecom sector leader and chief financial officer. Key skills and experience Extensive audit knowledge and keen appreciation for audit, financial control and technology matters Management responsibility at a large, multinational company Strategic planning expertise Other current public company directorships Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company Integer Holdings Corporation Other public company directorships in the last five years None Haviv Ilan Chairman, president and chief executive officer of Texas Instruments Incorporated Age 57 Director since 2021 Career highlights Mr. Ilan became chairman of the board in 2026 and president and chief executive officer of the company since 2023 and has served on the company s board since 2021. From 2020 to 2023, Mr. Ilan was the executive vice president and chief operating officer, responsible for leading TI s business and sales organizations, technology and manufacturing operations and information technology services. He has served the company at a senior level since 2014. Key skills and experience Management responsibility for the company's operations Knowledge of the company and the semiconductor industry Responsibility for significant capital investments Other current public company directorships None Other public company directorships in the last five years None 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 9 Ronald Kirk Senior of counsel at Gibson, Dunn Crutcher LLP Independent director Age 71 Director since 2013 Career highlights Mr. Kirk has been senior of counsel at Gibson, Dunn Crutcher since 2013 and co-chairs the international trade and ESG practice groups. He served as the U.S. Trade Representative from 2009 to 2013, where he focused on the development and enforcement of U.S. intellectual property law. Mr. Kirk has been a director of Brinker International, Inc. and Dean Foods Company. Key skills and experience Management responsibility of a large, complex organization operating internationally Keen insight into issues bearing on global economic activity and international trade policies Other current public company directorships Mister Car Wash, Inc. Other public company directorships in the last five years AMF Hawaii Investments, LLC Pamela Patsley Former chairman and chief executive officer of MoneyGram International, Inc. Independent director Age 69 Director since 2004 Career highlights At MoneyGram, Ms. Patsley was chair and chief executive officer from 2009 to 2015, then executive chair until 2018. Prior to that, she was senior executive vice president at First Data Corporation and chief executive officer of Paymentech, Inc. She also served as chief financial officer of First USA, Inc. and began her career as an auditor. Key skills and experience Management responsibility of a large, multinational company Keen appreciation for audit, financial control and technology matters Other current public company directorships Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Payoneer Global Inc. Other public company directorships in the last five years ACI Worldwide, Inc. Robert Sanchez Chairman and chief executive officer of Ryder System, Inc. Independent director Age 60 Director since 2011 Career highlights Mr. Sanchez has been chairman and chief executive officer of Ryder since 2013. During his career at Ryder, Mr. Sanchez has served as president, chief operating officer, chief information officer and chief financial officer. He has also had a broad range of leadership roles in Ryder s business segments, including as president of its Global Fleet Management Solutions business. Key skills and experience Management responsibility of a large, multinational transportation and logistics company Responsibility for significant capital investments Keen appreciation for technology matters Other current public company directorships Ryder System, Inc. Other public company directorships in the last five years None Effective December 31, 2025, Mr. Richard Templeton retired from his role as chairman and as a member of the board. The board appointed Mr. Ilan, the company s president and chief executive officer, to serve as chair. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 10 Director nomination process The board is responsible for approving nominees for election as directors. To assist in this task, the board has designated a standing committee, the GSR committee, that is responsible for reviewing and recommending nominees to the board. The GSR committee is comprised solely of independent directors as defined by the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) and the board s corporate governance guidelines. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the GSR committee. It can be found on our website at www.ti.com/corporategovernance. It is a long-standing policy of the board to consider prospective board nominees recommended by stockholders. A stockholder who wishes to recommend a prospective board nominee for the GSR committee s consideration must write to the Secretary of the GSR committee, Texas Instruments Incorporated, P.O. Box 660199, MS 8658, Dallas, TX 75265-5936. The GSR committee will evaluate the stockholder s prospective board nominee in the same manner as it evaluates other nominees. Under the company s by-laws, a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, owning at least 3% of the company s outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years may nominate and include in the company s proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of two individuals, or 20% of the board of directors, provided that the stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the by-laws, which can be found on our website at www.ti.com/corporategovernance. The company s by-laws also allow stockholders to nominate directors without involving the GSR committee or including the nominee in the company s proxy materials. To do so, stockholders must comply with the requirements set forth in the by-laws. Communications with the board Stockholders who wish to communicate with the board, a board committee or an individual director may write to them at P.O. Box 660199, MS 8658, Dallas, TX 75265-5936. Communications addressed to the board, a board committee or an individual director that are sent to this address will be shared with the addressee. Corporate governance The board has a long-standing commitment to responsible and effective corporate governance. We annually conduct extensive governance reviews and engage in investor outreach. The board s corporate governance guidelines (which include the director independence standards), the charters of each of the board s committees, TI s Living our Values: TI s ambitions, values and code of conduct, our code of ethics for our chief executive officer (CEO) and senior financial officers and our by-laws are available on our website at www.ti.com/corporategovernance. Stockholders may request copies of these documents free of charge by writing to Texas Instruments Incorporated, P.O. Box 660199, MS 8657, Dallas, TX 75266-0199, Attn: Investor Relations. We have adopted an insider trading policy that governs the purchase, sale and other disposition of our securities by any director, officer and employee of the company, and the company itself, that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, as well as Nasdaq listing standards. It is against TI policy for any employee, including an executive officer, or director to engage in trading in puts (options to sell at a fixed price), calls (similar options to buy) or other options or hedging techniques on TI stock specifically designed to limit losses on TI stock or equity compensation held by the employee or director. It is also against TI policy for directors and executive officers to pledge TI stock. Annual meeting attendance It is a policy of the board to encourage directors to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. Attendance allows for interaction between stockholders and board members. In 2025, all directors attended TI s annual meeting of stockholders. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 11 Director independence The board has determined that each of our directors is independent, with the exception of Mr. Ilan. In connection with this determination, information was reviewed regarding directors business and charitable affiliations, directors immediate family members and their employers, and any transactions or arrangements between the company and such persons or entities. The board has adopted the following standards for determining independence. A. In no event will a director be considered independent if: 1. He or she is a current partner of or is employed by the company s independent auditors; 2. A family member of the director is (i) a current partner of the company s independent auditors or (ii) currently employed by the company s independent auditors and personally works on the company s audit; 3. Within the current or preceding three fiscal years he or she was, and remains at the time of the determination, a partner in or a controlling shareholder, an executive officer or an employee of an organization that in the current year or any of the past three fiscal years (i) made payments to, or received payments from, the company for property or services, (ii) extended loans to or received loans from, the company, or (iii) received charitable contributions from the company in an amount or amounts which, in the aggregate in such fiscal year, exceeded the greater of $200,000 or 2% of the recipient s consolidated gross revenues for that year (for purposes of this standard, payments excludes payments arising solely from investments in the company s securities and payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching programs); or 4. Within the current or preceding three fiscal years a family member of the director was, and remains at the time of the determination, a partner in or a controlling shareholder or an executive officer of an organization that in the current year or any of the past three fiscal years (i) made payments to, or received payments from, the company for property or services, (ii) extended loans to or received loans from the company, or (iii) received charitable contributions from the company in an amount or amounts which, in the aggregate in such fiscal year, exceeded the greater of $200,000 or 2% of the recipient s consolidated gross revenues for that year (for purposes of this standard, payments excludes payments arising solely from investments in the company s securities and payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching programs). B. In no event will a director be considered independent if within the preceding three years: 1. He or she was employed by the company (except in the capacity of interim chairman of the board, chief executive officer or other executive officer, provided the interim employment did not last longer than one year); 2. He or she received more than $120,000 during any twelve-month period in compensation from the company (other than (i) compensation for board or board committee service, (ii) compensation received for former service lasting no longer than one year as an interim chairman of the board, chief executive officer or other executive officer and (iii) benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan, or non-discretionary compensation); 3. A family member of the director was employed as an executive officer by the company; 4. A family member of the director received more than $120,000 during any twelve-month period in compensation from the company (excluding compensation as a non-executive officer employee of the company); 5. He or she was (but is no longer) a partner or employee of the company s independent auditors and worked on the company s audit within that time; 6. A family member of the director was (but is no longer) a partner or employee of the company s independent auditors and worked on the company s audit within that time; 7. He or she was an executive officer of another entity at which any of the company s current executive officers at any time during the past three years served on that entity s compensation committee; or 8. A family member of the director was an executive officer of another entity at which any of the company s current executive officers at any time during the past three years served on that entity s compensation committee. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 12 C. No member of the audit committee may accept directly or indirectly any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from the company, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the board or any board committee. Compensatory fees do not include the receipt of fixed amounts of compensation under a retirement plan (including deferred compensation) for prior service with the company (provided that such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service). In addition, no member of the audit committee may be an affiliated person of the company except in his or her capacity as a director. D. With respect to service on the compensation committee, the board will consider all factors that it deems relevant to determining whether a director has a relationship to the company that is material to that director s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a compensation committee member, including but not limited to: 1. The source of compensation of the director, including any consulting, advisory or compensatory fee paid by the company to the director; and 2. Whether the director is affiliated with the company, a subsidiary of the company or an affiliate of a subsidiary of the company. E. For any other relationship, the determination of whether it would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities, and consequently whether the director involved is independent, will be made by directors who satisfy the independence criteria set forth in this section. For purposes of these independence determinations, company and family member will have the same meaning as under Nasdaq rules. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 13 Board organization Board and committee meetings During 2025, the board held five meetings. The board has three standing committees described below. The standing committees of the board collectively held 17 meetings in 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the board and relevant committee meetings combined. Overall attendance at board and committee meetings was approximately 98%. The table below shows board composition and committee assignments as of April 2025. Director Audit Committee Compensation Committee Governance and Stockholder Relations Committee Mark Blinn Todd Bluedorn Chair Janet Clark * Chair Carrie Cox Martin Craighead Chair Reginald DesRoches Curtis Farmer Jean Hobby Haviv Ilan Ronald Kirk Pamela Patsley Robert Sanchez Richard Templeton * Lead director Committees of the board Audit committee The audit committee is a separately designated standing committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Securities Exchange Act). All members of the audit committee are independent under Nasdaq rules and the board s corporate governance guidelines. Since April 25, 2024, the committee members have been Ms. Clark (chair), Dr. DesRoches, Mr. Farmer and Mr. Sanchez. The audit committee is generally responsible for: Reviewing: The annual report of TI s independent registered public accounting firm related to quality control. TI s annual and quarterly reports to the SEC, including the financial statements and the Management s Discussion and Analysis portion of those reports, and recommending appropriate action to the board. TI s audit plans. Before issuance, TI s news releases regarding annual and interim financial results and discussing with management any related earnings guidance that may be provided to analysts and rating agencies. Relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and TI. The adequacy of TI s internal accounting controls and other factors affecting the integrity of TI s financial reports, and discussing with management and with the independent registered public accounting firm. TI s risk assessment and risk management practices, including cybersecurity and environmental-related risks. TI s compliance and ethics program. A report of compliance of management and operating personnel with TI s code of conduct, including TI s conflict of interest policy. TI s non-employee-related insurance programs. Changes, if any, in major accounting policies of the company. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 14 Trends in accounting policy changes that are relevant to the company. The company s policy regarding investments and financial derivative products. Discussing TI s audited financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including a discussion with the firm regarding the matters required to be reviewed under applicable legal or regulatory requirements. Creating and periodically reviewing TI s whistleblower policy. Appointing, compensating, retaining and overseeing TI s independent registered public accounting firm. The board has determined that all members of the audit committee are sufficiently proficient in reading and understanding fundamental financial statements, and three members meet the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication. In addition, the board has designated Ms. Clark as the audit committee financial expert, as defined under the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules. The audit committee met six times in 2025. The audit committee holds regularly scheduled meetings and reports its activities to the board. The audit committee also continued its long-standing practice of meeting directly with our internal audit staff to discuss the audit plan and to allow for direct interaction between audit committee members and our internal auditors. Compensation committee All members of the compensation committee are independent. Since April 27, 2023, the committee members have been Mr. Craighead (chair), Mr. Blinn, Ms. Cox and Mr. Kirk. The compensation committee is generally responsible for: Reviewing the performance of the CEO and determining his compensation. Setting the compensation of the company s other executive officers. Overseeing administration of employee benefit plans. Making recommendations to the board regarding: Institution and termination of, revisions in, and actions under employee benefit plans that (i) increase benefits only for officers of the company or disproportionately increase benefits for officers of the company more than other employees of the company, (ii) require or permit the issuance of the company s stock or (iii) require board approval. Reservation of company stock for use as awards of grants under plans or as contributions or sales to any trustee of any employee benefit plan. Taking action as appropriate regarding the institution and termination of, revisions in, and actions under employee benefit plans that are not required to be approved by the board. Appointing, setting the compensation of, overseeing and considering the independence of any compensation consultant or other advisor. The compensation committee met five times in 2025. The compensation committee holds regularly scheduled meetings, reports its activities to the board, and consults with the board before setting annual executive compensation. In performing its functions, the committee is supported by the company s Human Resources organization. The committee has the authority to retain any advisors it deems appropriate to carry out its responsibilities. The committee retained Pearl Meyer as its compensation consultant for the 2025 compensation cycle. The committee instructed the consultant to advise it directly on executive compensation philosophy, strategies, pay levels, decision-making processes and other matters within the scope of the committee s charter. Additionally, the committee instructed the consultant to assist the company s Human Resources organization in its support of the committee in these matters with such items as peer group assessment, analysis of the executive compensation market and compensation recommendations. The compensation committee considers it important that its compensation consultant s objectivity not be compromised by other engagements with the company or its management. In support of this belief, the committee has a policy on compensation consultants, a copy of which may be found on www.ti.com/corporategovernance. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 15 During 2025, the committee determined that its compensation consultant was independent of the company and had no conflict of interest. The compensation committee considers executive compensation in a multistep process that involves the review of market information, performance data and possible compensation levels over several meetings leading to the annual determinations in January. Before setting executive compensation, the committee reviews the total compensation and benefits of the executive officers and considers the impact that their retirement, or termination under various other scenarios, would have on their compensation and benefits. The CEO and the senior vice president responsible for Human Resources, who is an executive officer, are regularly invited to attend meetings of the committee. The CEO is excused from the meeting during any deliberations or vote on his compensation. No executive officer determines his or her own compensation or the compensation of any other executive officer. As members of the board, the members of the committee receive information concerning the performance of the company during the year and interact with our management. The CEO gives the committee and the board an assessment of his own performance during the year just ended. He also reviews the performance of the other executive officers with the committee and makes recommendations regarding their compensation. The senior vice president responsible for Human Resources assists in the preparation of and reviews the compensation recommendations made to the committee other than for his compensation. The compensation committee s charter provides that it may delegate its power, authority and rights with respect to TI s long-term incentive plans, employee stock purchase plan and employee benefit plans to (i) one or more committees of the board established or delegated authority for that purpose or (ii) employees or committees of employees except that no such delegation may be made with respect to compensation of the company s executive officers. Pursuant to that authority, the compensation committee has delegated to a special committee established by the board the authority to, among other things, grant a limited number of stock options and restricted stock units (RSUs) under the company s long-term incentive plans. The sole member of the special committee is Mr. Ilan. The special committee has no authority to grant, amend or terminate any form of compensation for TI s executive officers. The compensation committee reviews all activity of the special committee. Governance and stockholder relations committee All members of the GSR committee are independent. Since April 25, 2024, the committee members have been Mr. Bluedorn (chair), Ms. Hobby and Ms. Patsley. The GSR committee is generally responsible for: Making recommendations to the board regarding: The development and revision of our corporate governance principles. The size, composition and functioning of the board and board committees. Candidates to fill board positions. Nominees to be designated for election as directors. Compensation of board members. Organization and responsibilities of board committees. Succession planning by the company. Issues of potential conflicts of interest involving a board member raised under TI s conflict of interest policy. Election of executive officers of the company. Topics affecting the relationship between the company and stockholders. Public issues likely to affect the company. Responses to proposals submitted by stockholders. Reviewing: Contribution policies of the company and the TI Foundation. Scope of activities of the company s political action committee. Revisions to TI s code of conduct. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 16 Electing officers of the company other than the executive officers. Overseeing an annual evaluation of the board and the committee. The GSR committee met six times in 2025. The GSR committee holds regularly scheduled meetings and reports its activities to the board. Board evaluation process The board recognizes that a robust and constructive evaluation process is an essential part of good corporate governance and board effectiveness. The board and committee annual evaluation processes are designed to assess board and committee effectiveness, as well as individual director performance and contribution levels. The results of the evaluations are part of the GSR committee s and the board s consideration in connection with their review of director nominees to ensure the board continues to operate effectively. Annually, each of our directors completes comprehensive board and committee questionnaires. Each committee oversees its own evaluation process, and the GSR committee also oversees the board evaluation process. The questionnaires and ongoing feedback from individual directors facilitate a candid assessment of (i) the board and committees oversight of risk, strategy and operations; (ii) the board s culture, leadership structure and mix of director skills, qualifications and experiences; and (iii) board and committee meeting mechanics. Our directors are willing to have honest and difficult conversations as needed during the evaluation and nomination process. Board leadership structure The board s current leadership structure combines the positions of chairman and CEO and includes a lead director who presides at executive sessions and performs the duties listed below. The board believes that this structure, combined with its other practices (such as (i) including on each board agenda an opportunity for the independent directors to comment on and influence the proposed strategic agenda for future meetings and (ii) holding an executive session of the independent directors at each board meeting), allows it to maintain the active engagement of independent directors and appropriate oversight of management. The lead director is elected by the independent directors to serve at least a one-year term. The independent directors have elected Ms. Clark to serve as lead director. The duties of the lead director are to: Preside at all meetings of the board at which the chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors; Serve as liaison between the chairman and the independent directors; Approve information sent to the board; Approve meeting agendas for the board; Approve meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; and If requested by major shareholders, ensure that he or she is available for consultation and direct communication. In addition, the lead director has authority to call meetings of the independent directors. The board, led by its GSR committee, regularly reviews the board s leadership structure. The board s consideration is guided by two questions: Would stockholders be better served, and would the board be more effective with a different structure? The board s views are informed by a review of the practices of other companies and insight into the preferences of top stockholders, as gathered from face-to-face dialogue and review of published guidelines. The board also considers how board roles and interactions would change if its leadership structure changed. The board s goal is for each director to have an equal stake in the board s actions and equal accountability to the company and its stockholders. The board continues to believe that there is no uniform solution for a board leadership structure. Indeed, the company has had varying board leadership models over its history, at times separating the positions of chairman and CEO and at times combining the two and utilizing a lead director. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 17 Oversight by the board It is management s responsibility to assess and manage the various risks TI faces. It is the board s responsibility to oversee management in this effort. In exercising its oversight, the board has allocated some areas of focus to its committees and has retained areas of focus for itself, as more fully described below. Management generally views the risks TI faces as falling into the following categories: strategic, operational, financial and compliance. The board as a whole has oversight responsibility for the company s strategic and operational risks (e.g., major initiatives, competitive markets and products, sales and marketing, R D and cybersecurity). Throughout the year the CEO discusses these risks with the board. Additionally, at least once each year, the company s chief information officer provides information on the cybersecurity risks and the company s approach to protecting the company s data and systems infrastructure to the board or audit committee. In the event of a material cybersecurity event, management would notify the board and, in compliance with our procedures, determine the timing and extent of the response and public disclosure and whether any future vulnerabilities are expected. TI s audit committee has oversight responsibility for financial risk (such as accounting, finance, internal controls and tax strategy). Oversight responsibility for compliance risk is shared by the board committees. For example, the audit committee oversees compliance with the company s code of conduct and finance- and accounting-related laws and policies, as well as the company s compliance program itself, including global trade compliance; the compensation committee oversees compliance with the company s executive compensation plans and related laws and policies; and the GSR committee oversees compliance with governance-related laws and policies, including the company s corporate governance guidelines. Environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters of significance for TI are overseen by the committee with the appropriate focus. The audit committee oversees the company s approach to risk management as a whole, including cybersecurity and environmental-related risks. The company s chief financial officer (CFO) reviews the company s risk management process with the audit committee at least annually. In addition, the company s chief information officer reviews the company s information technology systems with the audit committee periodically and includes a discussion of key cybersecurity risks as appropriate. The board s leadership structure is consistent with the board and committees roles in risk oversight. As discussed above, the board has found that its current structure and practices are effective in fully engaging the independent directors. Allocating various aspects of risk oversight among the committees provides for similar engagement. Having the CEO review strategic and operational risks with the board ensures that the director most knowledgeable about the company, the industry in which it operates and the competition and other challenges it faces shares those insights with the board, providing for a thorough and efficient process. Director compensation The GSR committee has responsibility for reviewing and making recommendations to the board on compensation for non-employee directors, with the board making the final determination. The committee has no authority to delegate its responsibility regarding director compensation. In carrying out this responsibility, it is supported by TI s Human Resources organization and the company s compensation consultant. The CEO, the senior vice president responsible for Human Resources and the Secretary review the recommendations made to the committee. The compensation arrangements in 2025 for the non-employee directors were: Annual retainer of $110,000 for board and committee service. Additional annual retainer of $40,000 for service as the lead director. Additional annual retainer of $35,000 for service as chair of the audit committee; $25,000 for service as chair of the compensation committee; and $20,000 for service as chair of the GSR committee. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 18 Annual grant of a 10-year option to purchase TI common stock pursuant to the terms of the Texas Instruments 2018 Director Compensation Plan (Director Plan), which was approved by stockholders in April 2018. The grant date value is approximately $115,000, determined using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model (subject to the board s ability to adjust the grant downward). These non-qualified options become exercisable in four equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the grant and also will become fully exercisable in the event of termination of service following a change in control (as defined in the Director Plan) of TI. If a director s service terminates due to death, disability or ineligibility to stand for re-election under the company s by-laws, or after the director has completed eight years of service, then all outstanding options held by the director shall continue to become exercisable in accordance with their terms. If a director s service terminates for any other reason, all outstanding options held by the director shall be exercisable for 30 days after the date of termination, but only to the extent such options were exercisable on the date of termination. Annual grant of restricted stock units pursuant to the Director Plan with a grant date value of $115,000 (subject to the board s ability to adjust the grant downward). The restricted stock units vest on the fourth anniversary of their date of grant and upon a change in control as defined in the Director Plan. If a director is not a member of the board on the fourth anniversary of the grant, restricted stock units will nonetheless settle (i.e., the shares will issue) on such anniversary date if the director has completed eight years of service prior to termination or the director s termination was due to death, disability or ineligibility to stand for re-election under the company s by-laws. The director may defer settlement of the restricted stock units at his or her election. Upon settlement, the director will receive one share of TI common stock for each restricted stock unit. Dividend equivalents are paid on the restricted stock units at the same rate as dividends on TI common stock. The director may defer receipt of dividend equivalents. $1,000 per day compensation for other activities designated by the chairman. A one-time grant of restricted stock units with a grant date value of approximately $200,000 upon a director s initial election to the board. The board has determined that annual grants of equity compensation to non-employee directors will be timed to occur in January when grants are made to our U.S. employees in connection with the annual compensation review process. See Process for equity grants for a discussion regarding the timing of equity compensation grants. Directors are not paid a fee for meeting attendance, but we reimburse non-employee directors for their travel, lodging and related expenses incurred in connection with attending board, committee and stockholders meetings and other designated events. In addition, non-employee directors may travel on company aircraft to and from these meetings and other designated events. Under the Director Plan, some directors have chosen to defer all or part of their cash compensation. These deferred amounts are credited to either a cash account or stock unit account. Cash accounts earn interest from TI at a rate currently based on Moody s Seasoned Aaa Corporate Bonds. For 2025, that rate was 4.72%. Stock unit accounts fluctuate in value with the underlying shares of TI common stock, which will be issued after the deferral period. Dividend equivalents are paid on these stock units. Directors may also defer settlement of the restricted stock units they receive. We have arrangements with certain customers whereby our employees may purchase consumer products containing TI components at discounted pricing. In addition, the TI Foundation has a matching gift program. In both cases, directors are entitled to participate on the same terms and conditions available to employees. Non-employee directors are not eligible to participate in any TI-sponsored pension plan. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 19 2025 director compensation The following table shows the compensation of all persons who were non-employee members of the board during 2025 for services in all capacities to TI in 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) Stock Awards (2) Option Awards (3) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation Change in Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation (4) Total Mark Blinn $ 110,000 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 40 $ 339,860 Todd Bluedorn $ 143,333 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 40 $ 373,193 Janet Clark $ 171,667 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 30,040 $ 431,527 Carrie Cox $ 110,000 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 30,040 $ 369,860 Martin Craighead $ 135,000 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 2,540 $ 367,360 Reginald DesRoches $ 110,000 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 27,540 $ 367,360 Curtis Farmer $ 110,000 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 40 $ 339,860 Jean Hobby $ 110,000 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 40 $ 339,860 Ronald Kirk $ 110,000 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 25,040 $ 364,860 Pamela Patsley $ 110,000 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 30,040 $ 369,860 Robert Sanchez $ 110,000 $ 114,836 $ 114,984 $ 30,040 $ 369,860 (1) Includes amounts deferred at the director s election. (2) Shown is the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted in 2025 calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation (ASC 718). The assumptions used for purposes of calculating the grant date fair value are described in Note 3 to the financial statements contained in Item 8 in TI s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 financial statements ). Each restricted stock unit represents the right to receive one share of TI common stock. For restricted stock units granted prior to 2007, shares are issued at the time of mandatory retirement from the board (age 75) or upon the earlier of termination of service from the board after completing eight years of service or death or disability. For information regarding share issuances under restricted stock units granted after 2006, see the discussion on page 19. The table below shows the aggregate number of shares underlying outstanding restricted stock units held by the named individuals as of December 31, 2025. Name RSUs (Shares) Mark Blinn 11,717 Todd Bluedorn 2,446 Janet Clark 10,816 Carrie Cox 33,962 Martin Craighead 2,446 Reginald DesRoches 1,783 Curtis Farmer 2,386 Jean Hobby 2,446 Ronald Kirk 2,446 Pamela Patsley 4,446 Robert Sanchez 9,313 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 20 (3) Shown is the aggregate grant date fair value of options granted in 2025 calculated in accordance with ASC 718. The discussion of the assumptions used for purposes of calculating the grant date fair value appears in Note 3 to the 2025 financial statements. The terms of these options are as set forth on page 19. The table below shows the aggregate number of shares underlying outstanding stock options held by the named individuals as of December 31, 2025. Name Options (Shares) Mark Blinn 6,559 Todd Bluedorn 25,494 Janet Clark 25,494 Carrie Cox 25,494 Martin Craighead 21,188 Reginald DesRoches 2,551 Curtis Farmer 5,617 Jean Hobby 12,745 Ronald Kirk 31,559 Pamela Patsley 25,494 Robert Sanchez 31,559 (4) Consists of (i) the annual cost ($40 per director) of premiums for travel and accident insurance policies and (ii) contributions under the TI Foundation matching gift program of $30,000 for Ms. Clark, $30,000 for Ms. Cox, $2,500 for Mr. Craighead, $27,500 for Dr. DesRoches, $25,000 for Mr. Kirk, $30,000 for Ms. Patsley and $30,000 for Mr. Sanchez. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 21 Executive compensation We are providing shareholders the opportunity to cast advisory votes on named executive officer compensation as required by Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act. Proposal regarding advisory approval of the company s executive compensation The named executive officers are the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer and the three other most highly compensated executive officers, as named in the compensation tables on pages 37 -48. We ask shareholders to approve the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the company s named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission s compensation disclosure rules, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion on pages 22 -48 of this proxy statement, is hereby approved. We encourage shareholders to review the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of the proxy statement, which follows. It discusses our executive compensation policies and programs and explains the compensation decisions relating to the named executive officers for 2025. We believe that the policies and programs serve the interests of our shareholders and that the compensation received by the named executive officers is commensurate with the performance and strategic position of the company. Although the outcome of this annual vote is not binding on the company or the board, the compensation committee of the board will consider it when setting future compensation for the executive officers. The board of directors recommends a vote For the annual resolution approving the named executive officer compensation for 2025, as disclosed in this proxy statement. Compensation discussion and analysis This section describes TI s compensation program for executive officers. It will provide insight into the following: The elements of the 2025 compensation program, why we selected them and how they relate to one another; and How we determined the amount of compensation for 2025. The executive officers of the company have the broadest job responsibilities and policy-making authority in the company. We hold them accountable for the company s performance and for maintaining a culture of strong ethics and compliance. Details of compensation for our CEO, our CFO and the three other highest paid individuals who were executive officers in 2025 (collectively called the named executive officers (NEOs)) can be found in the tables following the compensation committee report. Executive summary TI s compensation program is structured to pay for performance and deliver rewards that encourage executives to think and act in both the short- and long-term interests of our shareholders. The majority of total compensation for our executives each year comes in the form of variable cash and equity compensation. Variable cash is tied to the short-term performance of the company, and the value of equity is tied to the long-term performance of the company. We believe our compensation program holds our executive officers accountable for the financial and competitive performance of TI. The compensation committee assesses TI s results using quantitative and qualitative measures on an absolute and relative basis, as well as TI s strategic progress. For 2025, TI s revenue increased, and relative performance was above median. Operating profit margin remained positive on an absolute basis and above median relative to Semiconductor Peers (as defined below in Analysis of compensation determinations Bonus ). Total shareholder return (TSR) was negative on an absolute basis and below median relative to Semiconductor Peers. In addition to these year-on-year results, the committee determined that the company 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 22 continued to strengthen its strategic position, which will benefit the company and drive value for shareholders for the long term. This strategic progress includes continued investments to extend the company s manufacturing advantage to support future revenue growth and provide customers with geopolitically dependable, low-cost 300mm capacity at scale. Based on this year s performance assessment, the compensation committee determined executive bonuses payable in February 2026 should be up 10% year on year. 2025 Absolute Performance 2025 Relative Performance * Revenue Growth: Total TI 13.0% Above median Profit from Operations as a % of Revenue (Operating Profit Margin) 34.1% Above median Total Shareholder Return (TSR) -4.5% Below median Assessment of Strategic Progress Strengthened strategic position in 2025 * Relative to Semiconductor Peers; includes estimates and projections of certain peer companies financial results. See Analysis of compensation determinations Bonus Assessment of 2025 performance for details of the compensation committee s assessment of TI s performance. (It is important to note that the median growth rate of Semiconductor Peers includes the benefit of acquisitions, whereas TI s growth rate is entirely organic.) TI generally targets annual equity grants to executives at market median to align with the projected market range for similarly situated executives in our Comparator Group (as defined below in Compensation philosophy and elements - Comparator Group ). 2025 compensation decisions for the CEO: Base salary was increased by 4.0% over 2024. For the 2025 performance year, the committee awarded a $2.6 million performance bonus paid in February 2026. The committee determined Mr. Ilan s bonus by assessing the competitive market range of bonuses for similarly situated CEOs in the Comparator Group and giving due consideration to company performance in 2025. In January 2025, Mr. Ilan received an equity compensation award with a grant date fair value of $18 million in order to align his equity compensation with the projected market range for similarly situated CEOs in the Comparator Group. Our executive compensation program is designed to encourage executive officers to pursue strategies that serve the long-term interests of the company and shareholders, and not to promote excessive risk-taking by our executives. It is built on a foundation of sound corporate governance and includes: Executive officers do not have employment contracts and are not guaranteed salary increases, bonus amounts or awards of equity compensation. We have never repriced stock options. We do not grant reload options. We grant equity compensation with double-trigger change in control terms, which accelerate the vesting of grants only if the grantee has been terminated involuntarily within a limited time after a change in control of the company. Bonus and equity compensation awards are subject to clawback as described under Recoupment policy below. We do not provide excessive perquisites. We provide no tax gross-ups for perquisites. We do not guarantee a return or provide above-market returns on compensation that has been deferred. Pension benefits are calculated on salary and bonus only; the proceeds earned on equity or other performance awards are not part of the pension calculation. Detailed discussion Compensation philosophy and elements For years, we have run our business and invested in our people and communities with three overarching ambitions in mind. First, we will act like owners who will own the company for decades. Second, we will adapt and succeed in 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 23 a world that is ever changing. And third, we will be a company that we are personally proud to be a part of and that we would want as our neighbor. When we are successful in achieving these ambitions, our employees, customers, communities and shareholders all win. Central to our ambitions, which are the foundation of our approach to environmental, social and governance and sustainability, is a belief that in order for all stakeholders to benefit, the company must grow stronger over the long term. Our compensation program is structured with these ambitions in mind. The compensation committee of TI s board of directors is responsible for setting the compensation of all TI executive officers. The committee consults with the other independent directors and its compensation consultant, Pearl Meyer, before setting annual compensation for the executives. The committee chair regularly reports on committee actions at board meetings. In assessing performance and compensation decisions, the committee does not use formulas, thresholds or multiples. Because market conditions can quickly change in our industry, thresholds established at the beginning of a year could prove irrelevant by year-end. The committee believes its holistic approach, which assesses the company s absolute and relative performance in hindsight after year-end (for the most recent one- and three-year periods), gives it the insight to most effectively and critically judge results and encourages executives to pursue strategies that serve the long-term interests of the company and its shareholders. It also promotes accuracy in our assessment and comparison to competition and eliminates the need for adjustments to formulas, targets or thresholds during times of uncertain market conditions. The primary elements of our executive compensation program are as follows: Near-term compensation, paid in cash Base Salary Purpose Basic, least variable form of compensation, designed to provide a stable source of income. Strategy Generally, target market median, giving appropriate consideration to job scope and tenure, to attract and retain highly qualified executives. Terms Paid twice monthly. Performance Bonus Purpose To motivate executives and reward them according to the company s relative and absolute performance and the executive s individual performance. Strategy Determined primarily on the basis of one-year and three-year company performance on certain measures (revenue growth percent, operating profit margin and total shareholder return 1 ) as compared with peer companies and on our strategic progress. These factors have been chosen to reflect our near-term financial performance as well as our progress in building long-term shareholder value. The committee aims to pay total cash compensation (base salary, profit sharing and bonus) appropriately above market median if company performance is above that of peer companies and pay total cash compensation appropriately below market median if company performance is below peer companies. The committee does not rely on formulas or performance targets or thresholds. Instead, it uses its judgment based on its assessment of the factors described above. Terms Determined by the committee and paid in a single payment after the performance year. 1 1 Total shareholder return refers to the percentage change in the value of a shareholder s investment in a company over the relevant time period, as determined by dividends paid and the change in the company s share price during the period. See notes to the performance summary table under Analysis of compensation determinations Bonus. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 24 Profit Sharing Purpose Broad-based program designed to emphasize that each employee contributes to the company s profitability and can share in it. Strategy Pay according to a formula that is the same for all employees to focus them on a company goal, and set payout potential at a level that will affect behavior. Profit sharing is paid in addition to any performance bonus awarded for the year. The formula is based on company-level annual operating profit margin. The formula was set by the TI board. The committee s practice has been not to adjust amounts earned under the formula. Terms Payable in a single cash payment shortly after the end of the performance year. As in recent years, profit sharing for 2025 was calculated as follows: If operating profit margin was: Below 10%: no profit sharing At 10%: profit sharing = 2% of base salary Above 10%: profit sharing increases by 0.5% of base salary for each percentage point between 10% and 24% and by 1% of base salary for each percentage point above 24%. The maximum profit sharing is 20% of base salary. In 2025, TI delivered operating profit margin of 34.1%. As a result, all eligible employees, including executive officers, received profit sharing of 19.06% of base salary. Long-term compensation, awarded in equity Stock Options and Restricted Stock Units Purpose Alignment with shareholders; long-term focus; balance retention, particularly with respect to restricted stock units, and performance, particularly with respect to stock options which only have value when the value of the company increases (as measured by stock price). Strategy We grant a combination of non-qualified stock options and restricted stock units, generally targeted at the median level of equity compensation awarded to executives in similar positions within the Comparator Group. The committee does not rely on formulas or performance targets or thresholds. Restricted stock units have a four-year cliff vest schedule in order to support retention of our executives. Stock options, which only have value when the value of the company increases (as measured by stock price), enhance the performance orientation of our executive compensation program. Both of these equity awards align with shareholder interests to drive the long-term performance of the company. Terms The terms and conditions of stock options and restricted stock units are summarized under Outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end 2025. The committee s grant procedures are described under Process for equity grants. Comparator group The compensation committee considers the market level of compensation when setting the salary, bonuses and equity compensation of the executive officers. To estimate the market level of pay, the committee uses information provided by its compensation consultant and TI s Compensation and Benefits organization about compensation paid to executives in similar positions at a peer group of companies (the Comparator Group ). The committee sets the Comparator Group and reviews it annually. In general, the Comparator Group companies (i) are U.S.-based, (ii) engage in the semiconductor business, other electronics or information technology activities or use sophisticated manufacturing processes, (iii) have executive positions comparable in complexity to those of TI and (iv) use forms of executive compensation comparable to TI s. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 25 Shown in the table below is the Comparator Group used for the compensation decisions for 2025. 3M Company Intel Corporation Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Lam Research Corporation Analog Devices, Inc. Medtronic plc Applied Materials, Inc. Micron Technology, Inc. Broadcom Inc. Motorola Solutions, Inc. Cisco Systems, Inc. NXP Semiconductors N.V. Corning Incorporated QUALCOMM Incorporated Emerson Electric Co. TE Connectivity Ltd. Honeywell International Inc. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. The committee set the Comparator Group in July 2024 for the base salary and equity compensation decisions it made in 2025. For a discussion of the factors considered by the committee in setting the Comparator Group in July 2024, please see Comparator group on page 25 of the company s 2025 proxy statement. In July 2025, the committee conducted its regular review of the Comparator Group in terms of industry, revenue and market capitalization. With the advice of its compensation consultant, the committee decided to make no changes to the group. Accordingly, the committee used the same Comparator Group for the bonus decisions in January 2026 relating to 2025 performance. The table below compares the Comparator Group to TI in terms of revenue and market capitalization. Company Revenue ($ Billion) * Market Cap ($ Billion) * Broadcom Inc. 63.9 1,641.0 Cisco Systems, Inc. 57.7 304.4 Intel Corporation 53.4 176.0 QUALCOMM Incorporated 44.3 181.8 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. 43.7 217.7 Micron Technology, Inc. 42.3 321.2 Honeywell International Inc. 40.7 123.9 Medtronic plc 34.8 123.2 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 32.0 348.7 Applied Materials, Inc. 28.4 203.8 3M Company 24.8 85.0 Lam Research Corporation 19.6 215.0 Emerson Electric Co. 18.0 74.6 TE Connectivity Ltd. 17.3 66.9 Corning Incorporated 14.9 75.1 NXP Semiconductors N.V. 12.0 54.6 Motorola Solutions, Inc. 11.3 63.8 Analog Devices, Inc. 11.0 132.8 Median 30.2 154.4 Texas Instruments Incorporated 17.3 157.6 * Trailing four-quarter revenue and market capitalization is as reported by Seeking Alpha on January 2, 2026. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 26 Analysis of compensation determinations Total compensation Before finalizing the compensation of the executive officers, the committee reviewed all elements of compensation. The information included total cash compensation (salary, profit sharing and projected bonus), the grant date fair value of equity compensation, the impact (if any) that proposed compensation would have on other compensation elements, and a summary of benefits that the executives would receive under various termination scenarios. The review enabled the committee to see how various compensation elements relate to one another and what impact its decisions would have on the total earnings opportunity of the executives. In assessing the information, the committee did not target a specific level of total compensation or use a formula to allocate compensation among the various elements. Instead, it used its judgment in assessing whether the total was consistent with the objectives of the program. Based on this review, the committee determined that the level of compensation was appropriate. Base salary The committee set the 2025 rate of base salary for the following named executive officers as follows: Officer 2025 Annual Rate Change from 2024 Annual Rate Haviv Ilan $ 1,300,000 4.0 % Rafael Lizardi $ 875,000 3.6 % Richard Templeton $ 600,000 Hagop Kozanian $ 830,000 3.8 % Amichai Ron $ 810,000 3.8 % For each of these executive officers, the committee set the 2025 base-salary rate listed above in January 2025. In keeping with its strategy, the committee targeted the annual base-salary rates to be at the estimated median level of salaries expected to be paid to similarly situated executives (considering job scope and tenure) of companies within the Comparator Group in January 2025. The salary differences between the named executive officers were driven primarily by the market rate of pay (considering job scope and tenure) for each officer and not the application of a formula designed to maintain a differential between the officers. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 27 Equity compensation In January 2025, the committee awarded equity compensation to each of the named executive officers listed below. The grants are shown in the table under Grants of plan-based awards in 2025. The grant date fair value of the awards is reflected in that table and in the Stock Awards and Option Awards columns of the 2025 summary compensation table. The table below is provided to assist the reader in comparing the grant date fair values and number of shares for each of the years shown in the summary compensation table. Officer Year Grant Date Fair Value * Stock Options (Shares) Restricted Stock Units (Shares) Haviv Ilan 2025 $ 18,000,088 199,671 48,121 2024 $ 15,000,084 199,989 44,798 2023 $ 12,000,009 129,560 34,463 Rafael Lizardi 2025 $ 4,800,178 53,246 12,833 2024 $ 4,800,154 63,997 14,336 2023 $ 4,800,144 51,824 13,786 Richard Templeton 2025 $ 7,500,180 83,197 20,051 2024 $ 7,500,061 99,995 22,399 2023 $ 17,500,109 188,942 50,259 Hagop Kozanian 2025 $ 5,100,183 56,574 13,635 2024 $ 5,100,170 67,997 15,232 2023 $ 5,100,044 55,063 14,647 Amichai Ron 2025 $ 5,100,183 56,574 13,635 2024 $ 5,100,170 67,997 15,232 2023 $ 4,800,144 51,824 13,786 * See Notes 1 and 2 to the summary compensation table for information on how grant date fair value was calculated. In January 2025, the committee awarded equity compensation to each of the named executive officers listed above. The committee s general objective was to award to those officers equity compensation that had a grant date fair value at approximately the median market level of the most recently disclosed equity compensation granted by the Comparator Group. In assessing the market level, the committee considered information presented by TI s Compensation and Benefits organization (prepared using data provided by the committee s compensation consultant) on the estimated value of the awards expected to be granted to similarly situated executives (considering job scope and tenure) of companies within the Comparator Group. The committee approved an increase in equity values granted to Mr. Ilan reflecting an effort to align with the projected market range for similarly situated CEOs in our Comparator Group. The award value was estimated using the same methodology used for financial accounting. For each officer, the committee set the desired grant value. The committee decided to allocate the value equally between restricted stock units and options for each officer, to give equal emphasis to promoting retention and performance, motivating the executive and aligning long-term interests with those of shareholders. Restricted stock units have a four-year cliff vest schedule in order to support retention of our executives. Stock options, which only have value when the value of the company increases (as measured by stock price), enhance the performance orientation of our executive compensation program. Both of these equity awards align with shareholder interests to drive the long-term performance of the company. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 28 Before approving the grants, the committee reviewed the amount of unvested equity compensation held by the officers to assess its retention value. In making this assessment, the committee used its judgment and did not apply any formula, threshold or maximum. This review did not result in an increase or decrease of the awards. The exercise price of the options was the closing price of TI stock on January 27, 2025, the second trading day after TI released its annual and fourth quarter financial results for 2024. All grants were made under the Texas Instruments 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan, which shareholders approved in April 2024. All grants have the terms described under Outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end 2025. The differences in the equity awards between the named executive officers were primarily the result of differences in the applicable estimated market level of equity compensation for their positions and not the application of any formula designed to maintain differentials between the officers. Bonus In January 2026, the committee set the 2025 bonus compensation for executive officers based on its assessment of 2025 performance. In setting the bonuses, the committee used the following performance measures to assess the company: The relative one-year and three-year performance of TI as compared with Semiconductor Peers, as measured by: revenue growth, operating profit margin, total shareholder return, and The absolute one-year and three-year performance of TI on the above measures. In addition, the committee considered strategic progress by reviewing company and strategic positioning (including ESG), operating performance, revenue growth, including TI competitiveness in key markets with core products and technologies, and the strength of relationships with customers. The committee has consistently utilized these measures and believes its holistic approach to evaluation gives it the insight to most effectively and critically judge results and encourages executives to pursue strategies that serve the long-term interests of the company and its shareholders. In the comparison of relative performance, the committee used the following companies (the Semiconductor Peers ): Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. NXP Semiconductors N.V. Analog Devices, Inc. ON Semiconductor Corporation Broadcom Inc. Qorvo, Inc. Infineon Technologies AG QUALCOMM Incorporated Intel Corporation Renesas Electronics Corporation Marvell Technology Group Ltd. Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Microchip Technology Incorporated STMicroelectronics N.V. NVIDIA Corporation To the extent the companies had not released financial results for the year or the most recent quarter, the committee based its evaluation on estimates and projections of the companies financial results for 2025. This list includes both broad-based and niche suppliers that operate in our key markets or offer technology that competes with our products. The committee considers annually whether the list is still appropriate in terms of revenue, market capitalization and changes in business activities of the companies. The committee made no changes to the list of Semiconductor Peers in 2025. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 29 Assessment of 2025 performance The committee spent extensive time in December and January assessing TI s results and strategic progress for 2025. In setting bonuses, the committee considered quantitative and qualitative measures on both an absolute and relative basis, and the company s strategic focus on long-term growth of free cash flow per share, and made certain that resulting decisions were founded on both solid data and sound judgment. In 2025, revenue increased, and relative performance was above median. Operating profit margin was positive on an absolute basis and above median relative to Semiconductor Peers. TSR was down year on year, and below median relative to Semiconductor Peers. In aggregate, the committee determined that the company continued to strengthen its strategic position, which will benefit the company and drive value for shareholders for the long term. This strategic progress includes continued investments to extend the company s manufacturing advantage to support future revenue growth and provide customers with geopolitically dependable, low-cost 300mm capacity at scale. Considering these results holistically, the committee determined bonuses for executive officers should be up 10% year on year. Details on the committee s assessment are below. 2025 Absolute Performance 2025 Relative Performance * Revenue Growth: Total TI 13.0% Above median Profit from Operations as a % of Revenue (Operating Profit Margin) 34.1% Above median Total Shareholder Return (TSR) -4.5 % Below median Assessment of Strategic Progress Strengthened strategic position in 2025 Year-on-Year Change in Bonus for NEOs (2025 Bonus Compared with 2024) 10% increase * Relative to Semiconductor Peers; includes estimates and projections of certain peer companies financial results. (It is important to note that the median growth rate of Semiconductor Peers includes the benefit of acquisitions, whereas TI s growth rate is entirely organic.) Strategic progress Our primary objective is the long-term growth of free cash flow per share. To achieve this objective, the company s strategy is comprised of having a great business model, a disciplined approach to capital allocation and a focus on efficiency. The company s business model is designed around four sustainable competitive advantages that, in combination, provide tangible benefits and are difficult to replicate. These advantages include (i) a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology, (ii) a broad portfolio of analog and embedded processing products, (iii) the reach of our market channels, and (iv) diversity and longevity of our products, markets and customer positions. In 2025, the company continued investing to strengthen and leverage these advantages for the long term. The company s strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products sold into the following markets: industrial, automotive, data center, personal electronics and communications equipment. In 2025, the company continued the disciplined allocation of R D spending to strengthen its product portfolio, building on the existing foundation for near- and long-term results. TI s broad analog and embedded processing product portfolio includes tens of thousands of products, with more products added each year, offering strong differentiation and longevity. In 2025, approximately 95% of TI s revenue came from analog and embedded processing semiconductors. The company places additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling products into the industrial, automotive and data center markets, which it believes represent the best long-term growth opportunities because of the increasing semiconductor content in these markets. In 2025, approximately 75% of TI s revenue came from industrial, automotive and data center markets. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 30 TI s revenue continues to come from a diverse base of thousands of applications. This is an intentional strategy that prevents dependence on a single market, customer or product. TI s internal capability to develop process technology and manufacture semiconductors remains a competitive advantage by providing lower costs and greater control of the supply chain. In 2025, the company continued to invest in long-term 300mm wafer capacity to support customer demand over time. The company continued to qualify and ramp production at its 300mm wafer fabs in Richardson, Texas, Lehi, Utah and Sherman, Texas. The company continues to further strengthen and extend its reach of market channels. In 2025, more than 80% of the company s revenue was direct. TI s direct customer relationships provide access to more customers and more of their design projects, leading to opportunities to sell more of our products into each design, and also provide better insight and knowledge of customer needs. The company continues to add new and improved capabilities to directly support our customers, including order fulfillment services, business processes and logistics and e-commerce capabilities. In light of the above, the committee determined that TI s strategic position was strengthened by management s decisions and actions in 2025. Revenue and operating profit margin Annual performance TI s revenue increased in 2025 by 13.0%, and relative performance was above median. It is important to note that the median growth rate of Semiconductor Peers includes the benefit of acquisitions, whereas TI s growth rate is entirely organic. Revenues for the company s core businesses of analog and embedded processing increased 15.2% and increased 6.5%, respectively. Operating profit margin was 34.1%, which was below the prior year s margin while remaining above the median comparison with Semiconductor Peers. Three-year performance Compound annual revenue growth for 2023-2025 was -4.1%, which was below the median for Semiconductor Peers. It is important to note that the median growth rate of Semiconductor Peers includes the benefit of acquisitions, whereas TI s growth rate is entirely organic. Average operating profit margin for 2023-2025 was 37.0%, which was above the median for Semiconductor Peers. Total shareholder return (TSR) One-year TSR was -4.5%, below the median for Semiconductor Peers. The company returned $6.48 billion to shareholders in 2025 through dividends and share repurchases. The quarterly dividend rate increased 4%, marking 22 consecutive years of dividend increases. The company used $1.48 billion to repurchase 8.5 million shares of stock. Dividend increases and share repurchases are important elements of TI s capital management. The balance sheet remained robust, ending the year with total cash (cash and cash equivalents plus short-term investments) of $4.88 billion. The three-year compound annual growth rate for TSR was 4.8%, below the median for Semiconductor Peers. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 31 Performance summary One-Year Three-Year Revenue growth: total TI 13.0% -4.1 % CAGR * Operating profit margin 34.1% 37.0% average Total shareholder return (TSR) ** -4.5 % 4.8 % * CAGR (compound annual growth rate) is calculated using the formula (Ending Value/ Beginning Value) 1/number of years minus 1. ** One-year and three-year TSR percentages are obtained from a report generated using a subscription service to Equilar, an executive compensation and corporate governance data firm. Before setting the bonuses for the named executive officers, the committee considered the officers individual performance. The performance of Mr. Ilan was judged according to the performance of the company. For the other officers, the committee considered the factors described below in assessing individual performance. In making this assessment, the committee did not apply any formula or performance targets. Mr. Lizardi is the chief financial officer. The committee noted the financial management of the company. Mr. Templeton was the chairman of the board and retired from TI on December 31, 2025. Mr. Kozanian is responsible for our analog signal chain product line within our Analog business. The committee noted the financial performance and strategic position of this product line. Mr. Ron is responsible for the company s Embedded Processing business. The committee noted the financial performance and strategic position of the operations and product lines for which he was responsible. The bonuses awarded for 2025 performance are shown in the table below. The differences in the amounts awarded to the named executive officers were primarily the result of differences in the officers level of responsibility and related performance and the applicable market level of total cash compensation expected to be paid to similarly situated officers at companies within the Comparator Group. Officer 2025 Bonus 2024 Bonus Haviv Ilan $ 2,625,000 $ 2,380,000 Rafael Lizardi $ 1,140,000 $ 1,035,000 Richard Templeton $ 1,000,000 Hagop Kozanian $ 1,375,000 $ 1,250,000 Amichai Ron $ 1,265,000 $ 1,150,000 Results of the compensation decisions Results of the compensation decisions made by the committee relating to the named executive officers are summarized in the following table. This table is provided as a supplement to the summary compensation table for investors who may find it useful to see the data presented in this form. Although the committee does not target a specific level of total compensation, it considers information similar to that in the table to ensure that the sum of these elements is, in its judgment, in a reasonable range based on market level of pay and consistent with the objectives of the program. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 32 Officer Year Salary (Annual Rate) Profit Sharing Bonus Equity Compensation (Grant Date Fair Value) Total Haviv Ilan 2025 $ 1,300,000 $ 246,986 $ 2,625,000 $ 18,000,088 $ 22,172,074 2024 $ 1,250,000 $ 247,588 $ 2,380,000 $ 15,000,084 $ 18,877,672 2023 $ 1,150,000 $ 219,917 $ 2,500,000 $ 12,000,009 $ 15,869,926 Rafael Lizardi 2025 $ 875,000 $ 166,298 $ 1,140,000 $ 4,800,178 $ 6,981,476 2024 $ 845,000 $ 167,911 $ 1,035,000 $ 4,800,154 $ 6,848,065 2023 $ 810,000 $ 161,333 $ 1,090,000 $ 4,800,144 $ 6,861,477 Richard Templeton 2025 $ 600,000 $ 114,360 $ 7,500,180 $ 8,214,540 2024 $ 600,000 $ 119,640 $ 1,000,000 $ 7,500,061 $ 9,219,701 2023 $ 600,000 $ 161,750 $ 2,000,000 $ 17,500,109 $ 20,261,859 Hagop Kozanian 2025 $ 830,000 $ 157,721 $ 1,375,000 $ 5,100,183 $ 7,462,904 2024 $ 800,000 $ 159,021 $ 1,250,000 $ 5,100,170 $ 7,309,191 2023 $ 770,000 $ 153,333 $ 1,315,000 $ 5,100,044 $ 7,338,377 Amichai Ron 2025 $ 810,000 $ 153,910 $ 1,265,000 $ 5,100,183 $ 7,329,093 2024 $ 780,000 $ 154,867 $ 1,150,000 $ 5,100,170 $ 7,185,037 2023 $ 740,000 $ 147,333 $ 1,210,000 $ 4,800,144 $ 6,897,477 This table shows the annual rate of base salary for each named executive officer. In the summary compensation table, the Salary column shows the actual salary paid in the year. Please see Notes 1 and 2 to the summary compensation table for information about how grant date fair value was calculated. The Total for Mr. Ilan for 2025 was higher than 2024 primarily due to higher equity awards in January 2025, while the Total for Mr. Templeton was lower due to a decrease in performance bonus for 2025. The compensation decisions shown above resulted in the following 2025 compensation mix for the named executive officers: * Average data for the named executive officers other than Mr. Ilan 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 33 Equity dilution The compensation committee s goal is to keep net annual dilution from equity compensation under 2%. Net annual dilution means the number of shares under equity awards granted by the committee each year to all employees (net of award forfeitures) as a percentage of the shares of the company s outstanding common stock. Equity awards granted in 2025 resulted in 0.5% net annual dilution. Process for equity grants The compensation committee makes grant decisions for its annual grant of equity compensation at its January meeting each year. The dates on which these meetings occur are generally set three years in advance, and as a result, the timing of the corresponding equity grants is generally known three years in advance. The January meetings of the board and the committee generally occur in the week or two before we announce our financial results for the previous quarter and year . On occasion, the committee may grant stock options or restricted stock units to executives at times other than January. For example, it has done so in connection with job promotions and for purposes of retention. We do not backdate stock options or restricted stock units . We do not accelerate or delay the release of information due to plans for making equity grants. If the committee meeting falls in the same month as the release of the company s financial results, in order to avoid any potential impact of such results on the value of an award, the committee s general practice is to make grants effective on the later to occur of (i) the second trading day after the results have been released or other information has been publicly disclosed or (ii) the meeting day. In other months, its practice is to make them effective on the day of committee action. The exercise price of stock options is the closing price of TI stock on the effective date of the grant. Recoupment policy The company has a policy concerning recoupment ( clawback ) of executive compensation in accordance with the regulations mandated under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Under the policy, in the event the company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under securities laws, the committee shall seek to recover incentive-based compensation received by any executive officer during the three fiscal years immediately preceding the date that such a restatement is required in excess of the amount of incentive-based compensation that otherwise would have been received by the executive officer had such compensation been determined based on the restated financial results. In addition, the committee may determine whether and to what extent additional recoupment of any executive compensation is appropriate, including with respect to fraud or willful misconduct. Most recent stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation In April 2025, our shareholders cast an advisory vote on the company s executive compensation decisions and policies as disclosed in the proxy statement issued by the company in March 2025. Approximately 87% of the shares voted on the matter were cast in support of the compensation decisions and policies as disclosed. The committee considered this result and determined that it was not necessary at this time to make any material changes to the company s compensation policies and practices in response to the advisory vote. Benefits Retirement plans The executive officers participate in our retirement plans under the same rules that apply to other U.S. employees. We maintain these plans to have a competitive benefits program and for retention. We have a U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan that was closed to new participants in 1997. Then-current participants were given the choice to continue participating in the plan or to have their plan benefits frozen (i.e., no benefit increase attributable to years of service or change in eligible earnings) and begin participating in an 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 34 enhanced defined contribution plan. Mr. Templeton chose to have his benefits frozen. The other named executive officers joined the company after 1997 and are not eligible to participate in the defined benefit plan. The Internal Revenue Code (IRC) imposes certain limits on the retirement benefits that may be provided under a qualified plan. To maintain the desired level of benefits, we have non-qualified defined benefit pension plans for participants in the qualified pension plan. Under the non-qualified plans, participants receive benefits that would ordinarily be paid under the qualified pension plan but for the limitations under the IRC. For additional information about the defined benefit plans, please see 2025 pension benefits. In general, if an employee who participates in the pension plan (including an employee whose benefits are frozen as described above) dies after having met the requirements for normal or early retirement, his or her beneficiary will receive a benefit equal to the lump-sum amount that the participant would have received if he or she had retired before death. Having reached the age of 65, Mr. Templeton was eligible for normal retirement under the pension plans. All employees who are not accruing benefits in the qualified pension plan are eligible to participate in a defined contribution plan that provides employer matching contributions. All named executive officers participate. This plan provides for (i) a fixed employer contribution plus an employer matching contribution for employees hired on or before December 31, 2003, or (ii) an employer matching contribution for employees hired after December 31, 2003. The committee considers the potential effect on the executives retirement benefits when it sets salary and performance bonus levels. Deferred compensation Any U.S. employee whose base salary and management responsibility exceed a certain level may defer the receipt of a portion of his or her salary, bonus and profit sharing. Rules of the U.S. Department of Labor require that this plan be limited to a select group of management or highly compensated employees. The plan allows employees to defer the receipt of their compensation in a tax-efficient manner. Eligible employees include, but are not limited to, the executive officers. We have the plan to be competitive with the benefits packages offered by other companies. The executive officers deferred compensation account balances are unsecured, and all amounts remain part of the company s operating assets. The value of the deferred amounts tracks the performance of investment alternatives selected by the participant. These alternatives are identical to those offered to participants in the defined contribution plans described above. The company does not guarantee any minimum return on the amounts deferred. In accordance with SEC rules, no earnings on deferred compensation are shown in the summary compensation table for 2025 because no above market rates were earned on deferred amounts in that year. Employee stock purchase plan We have an employee stock purchase plan. Under the plan, which our shareholders approved, all employees in the U.S. and certain other countries may purchase a limited number of shares of the company s common stock at a 15% discount. The plan is designed to offer the broad-based employee population an opportunity to acquire an equity interest in the company and thereby align their interests with those of shareholders. Consistent with our general approach to benefit programs, executive officers are also eligible to participate. Health-related benefits Executive officers are eligible under the same plans as all other U.S. employees for medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance. These benefits are intended to be competitive with benefits offered in the semiconductor industry. Other benefits Executive officers receive only a few benefits that are not available to all other U.S. employees. They are eligible for a company-paid physical and financial counseling. In addition, the board of directors has determined that for security reasons, it is in the company s interest to require Mr. Ilan to use company aircraft for personal air travel and to provide security services to Mr. Ilan. Please see Note 4 to the summary compensation table for 2025 and Potential payments upon termination or change in control Termination Perquisites for further details. The company provides no tax gross-ups for perquisites to any of the executive officers. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 35 Compensation following employment termination or change in control None of the executive officers has an employment contract. Executive officers are eligible for benefits on the same terms as other U.S. employees upon termination of employment or a change in control of the company. The current programs are described under Potential payments upon termination or change in control. None of the few additional benefits that the executive officers receive continue after termination of employment, except that financial counseling is provided for a transition period following retirement. The committee reviews the potential impact of these programs before finalizing the annual compensation for the named executive officers. The committee did not raise or lower compensation for 2025 based on this review. The Texas Instruments 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan generally establishes double-trigger change in control terms. Under those terms, options become fully exercisable and shares are issued under restricted stock unit awards (to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the IRC) if the grantee is involuntarily terminated within 24 months after a change in control of TI. These terms are intended to encourage employees to remain with the company through a transaction while reducing employee uncertainty and distraction in the period leading up to any such event. Stock ownership guidelines and policy against hedging Our board of directors has established stock ownership guidelines for executive officers. The guideline for the CEO is six times base salary, and the guideline for other executive officers is three times base salary. Executive officers have five years from their election as executive officers to reach these targets. Directly owned shares and restricted stock units count toward satisfying the guidelines. Short sales of TI stock by our executive officers are prohibited. It is against TI policy for any employee, including an executive officer, to engage in trading in puts (options to sell at a fixed price), calls (similar options to buy) or other options or hedging techniques on TI stock . Consideration of tax and accounting treatment of compensation Current tax law limits the tax deductibility of annual compensation paid to any publicly held corporation s covered employees, which includes all of our named executive officers. The compensation committee considers the impact of this deductibility limit as one factor in its determination of compensation. When setting equity compensation, the committee considers the cost for financial reporting purposes of equity compensation it intends to grant. Its consideration of the cost of grants made in 2025 is discussed under Analysis of compensation determinations Equity compensation. Compensation committee report The compensation committee of the board of directors has furnished the following report: The committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with the company s management. Based on that review and discussion, the committee has recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the company s annual report on Form 10-K for 2025 and the company s proxy statement for the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. Martin Craighead, Chair Mark Blinn Carrie Cox Ronald Kirk 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PAGE 36 2025 compensation tables 2025 summary compensation table The table below shows the compensation of the named executive officers for services in all capacities to the company in 2025. Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Stock Awards (1) Option Awards (2) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (3) Change in Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (4) All Other Compensation (5) Total Haviv Ilan 2025 $ 1,295,833 $ 2,625,000 $ 9,000,071 $ 9,000,017 $ 246,986 $ 501,602 $ 22,669,509 Director, President 2024 $ 1,241,667 $ 2,380,000 $ 7,500,081 $ 7,500,003 $ 247,588 $ 192,180 $ 19,061,519 Chief Executive Officer 2023 $ 1,099,583 $ 2,500,000 $ 6,000,008 $ 6,000,001 $ 219,917 $ 379,528 $ 16,199,037 Rafael Lizardi 2025 $ 872,500 $ 1,140,000 $ 2,400,156 $ 2,400,022 $ 166,298 $ 134,143 $ 7,113,119 Senior Vice President 2024 $ 842,083 $ 1,035,000 $ 2,400,133 $ 2,400,021 $ 167,911 $ 138,311 $ 6,983,459 Chief Financial Officer 2023 $ 806,667 $ 1,090,000 $ 2,400,143 $ 2,400,001 $ 161,333 $ 136,074 $ 6,994,218 Richard Templeton 2025 $ 600,000 $ 3,750,139 $ 3,750,041 $ 114,360 $ 73,831 $ 8,288,371 Chairman of the board 2024 $ 600,000 $ 1,000,000 $ 3,750,041 $ 3,750,020 $ 119,640 $ 268,156 $ 9,487,857 2023 $ 808,750 $ 2,000,000 $ 8,750,092 $ 8,750,017 $ 161,750 $ 421,709 $ 20,892,318 Hagop Kozanian 2025 $ 827,500 $ 1,375,000 $ 2,550,154 $ 2,550,029 $ 157,721 $ 37,725 $ 7,498,129 Senior Vice President 2024 $ 797,500 $ 1,250,000 $ 2,550,141 $ 2,550,029 $ 159,021 $ 36,825 $ 7,343,516 2023 $ 766,667 $ 1,315,000 $ 2,550,043 $ 2,550,001 $ 153,333 $ 89,216 $ 7,424,260 Amichai Ron 2025 $ 807,500 $ 1,265,000 $ 2,550,154 $ 2,550,029 $ 153,910 $ 102,235 $ 7,428,828 Senior Vice President 2024 $ 776,667 $ 1,150,000 $ 2,550,141 $ 2,550,029 $ 154,867 $ 79,893 $ 7,261,597 2023 $ 736,667 $ 1,210,000 $ 2,400,143 $ 2,400,001 $ 147,333 $ 82,075 $ 6,976,219 (1) Shown is the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock unit (RSU) awards calculated in accordance with ASC 718. The discussion of the assumptions used for purposes of the valuation of the awards granted in 2025 appears in Note 3 to the 2025 financial statements. For a description of the grant terms, see the discussion follow