=== TXN_2026-02-06.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. Risk factors You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in materials incorporated by reference into these filings. These risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to TI, a company with broad international operations. Like many companies, we are susceptible to a potential downturn associated with macroeconomic weakness, which may affect our performance and the performance of our customers. Similarly, the price of our securities is subject to volatility due to fluctuations in general market conditions, actual financial results that do not meet our and/or the investment community s expectations, changes in our and/or the investment community s expectations for our future results, dividends or share repurchases, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Risks related to our business and industry Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. We have facilities in more than 30 countries. About 60% of our revenue comes from customers with headquarter locations outside the United States. Revenue from end customers headquartered in China represented about 20% of our revenue in 2025, while revenue from products shipped into China represented about 50% of our revenue in 2025. We also continue to expand our offerings of online transactions and services worldwide. The semiconductor industry has recently been the focus of increased regulatory activity and scrutiny, which has contributed to variability in global trade conditions and supply chains. Certain countries where we operate, particularly the United States and China, have experienced, and other countries may experience, geopolitical tensions and administrative measures that affect global trade and macroeconomic conditions through the imposition of tariffs, including tariffs specific to the products that we sell, import or export restrictions, trade embargoes and sanctions, restrictions on cross-border investment and other trade barriers applicable to the semiconductor industry. Geopolitical tensions and administrative measures could limit our access to markets or impact our ability to deliver products, support customers, purchase or receive manufacturing equipment or materials, limit our suppliers and customers access to our products, or cause customers to seek alternate suppliers, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, acts of war, terrorism or other hostile acts, pandemics, epidemics or other public health crises, labor conditions, climate change risks and possible disruptions in power, water supply, transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Any of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. In addition, our global operations expose us to periods when the U.S. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to the non-U.S. currencies in which we transact business. The remeasurement of non-U.S. dollar transactions can have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. We face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. We expect this competition will continue to increase from large competitors and from small competitors serving niche markets, and also from emerging companies, particularly in Asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. For example, we may face increased competition as a result of China actively promoting and reshaping its domestic semiconductor industry through policy changes and investment, which could prevent us from competing effectively. Certain competitors possess sufficient financial, technical and management resources and utilize available incentives offered by various countries and government entities to develop and market products that may compete favorably against our products, and consolidation among our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. 9 Changes in expected demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our customers include companies in a wide range of markets and sectors within those markets. If demand in one or more sectors within our markets declines or the rate of growth slows, our results of operations may be adversely affected. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor market occasionally leads to significant and rapid increases and decreases in product demand. Additionally, the loss or significant curtailment of purchases by one or more of our large customers, including curtailments due to a change in the design or manufacturing sourcing policies or practices of these customers, the timing of customer or distributor inventory adjustments, changes in demand for customer products, tariffs, export controls or other trade measures, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our results of operations also might suffer because of a general decline or volatility in customer demand resulting from, for example: uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; natural events, pandemics, epidemics or domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions; breaches of customer information technology systems that disrupt customer operations; or a customer s inability to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter s revenue forecast. We manufacture products with the intent to provide high levels of customer service. Our manufacturing forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, and if inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, suppliers and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, ransomware, malware, software vulnerabilities, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, nation-state espionage, employee malfeasance, use of artificial intelligence (AI) tools, or human error. These events could, among other things, compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of our or our customers , suppliers , and other third parties confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations (including our online services, platforms and transactions); result in the release of personal data; or cause us to incur costs associated with increased protection, remediation, regulatory inquiries or penalties, or claims for damages, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. Cybersecurity or other threats to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, suppliers and other third parties are frequent, increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving, thereby making them more difficult to detect, mitigate and defend against. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake strategic, business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures, capital investments and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our objectives. If we do not successfully implement these changes, our business plans and operating results could be adversely affected. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth, cost savings or other benefits of strategic, business and organizational changes, and charges associated with these actions could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations. 10 Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. We have manufacturing, data and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events or epidemics that could adversely affect manufacturing capacity, availability and cost of key materials, services, utilities and equipment or otherwise disrupt operations. Climate change might exacerbate these occurrences or cause natural disasters to occur with greater frequency and with more intense effects. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption, particularly where we have principal manufacturing and design operations, as listed in the Properties section in 