=== VST_2026-03-18.htm.gz ===
vistra-20260318 0001692819 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD 0001692819 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 vistra:JamesA.BurkeMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 vistra:JamesA.BurkeMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001692819 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001692819 vistra:JamesA.BurkeMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001692819 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001692819 vistra:JamesA.BurkeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001692819 vistra:CurtisA.MorganMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001692819 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001692819 vistra:CurtisA.MorganMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001692819 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001692819 2022-01-01 2022-07-31 0001692819 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001692819 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) x Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 VISTRA CORP. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): x No fee required o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials o Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders: Wednesday, April 29, 2026, at 9:00 a.m. (CT) Virtual Meeting: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VST2026 (Register in advance at: www.proxyvote.com ) Whether or not you will be able to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting, please vote your shares promptly so that you may be represented at the meeting. Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders TIME AND DATE 9:00 a.m. (CT) Wednesday, April 29, 2026 PLACE Virtual Meeting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VST2026 Register in advance at: www.proxyvote.com RECORD DATE March 3, 2026 To the Stockholders of Vistra Corp.: The 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ) of Vistra Corp. (the Company or Vistra ) will be held for the following purposes: 1 To elect the 11 directors named in this proxy statement to serve on the Board of Directors (the Board ) until the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2027 Annual Meeting ); 2 To approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the 2025 compensation of the Company s named executive officers; and 3 To ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP ( Deloitte ) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. Additionally, if needed, the stockholders may act upon any other matters that may properly come before the 2026 Annual Meeting (including a proposal to adjourn the meeting to solicit additional proxies) or any reconvened meeting after an adjournment or postponement of the meeting. In order to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting, you must register in advance at www.proxyvote.com prior to the deadline of April 24, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. (ET). Whether or not you will be able to attend the meeting, PLEASE VOTE YOUR SHARES PROMPTLY BY CASTING YOUR VOTE BY FOLLOWING THE INSTRUCTIONS ON YOUR NOTICE OF INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS, VOTING INSTRUCTION FORM, OR PROXY CARD. By Order of the Board of Directors, Yuki Whitmire Vice President, Associate General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary March 18, 2026 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY INFORMATION 1 PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 8 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 21 Director Qualifications and Nomination Process 23 Corporate Governance Overview 21 Director Independence 25 Board Leadership Structure 25 Meetings of The Board and its Committees 26 Our Commitment to Sustainability 31 Board Risk Oversight 34 Stockholder and Stakeholder Engagement 38 Communications With Directors 39 Corporate Governance Documents 39 Code of Conduct 40 Complaint and Reporting Procedures for Accounting and Auditing Matters 40 Business Relationships and Related Person Transactions Policy 40 Charitable Contributions 41 Insider Trading Policy and Prohibition on Hedging a nd Pledging 41 MANAGEMENT 42 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 45 Executive Summary 45 Performance Overview 46 Corporate Governance Practices 49 202 5 Compensation Overview 54 Compensation Policies and Practices 60 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 64 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 65 COMPENSATION TABLES 66 Summary Compensation Table 202 5 66 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 202 5 68 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 202 5 69 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 202 5 70 PROPOSAL 2 ADVISORY VOTE ON 202 5 COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 77 OTHER INFORMATION 78 Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock of t he Company 78 CEO Pay Ratio 79 Pay Versus Performance 80 Equity Compensation Plan Information 85 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 86 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 88 Principal Accountant Fees 88 PROPOSAL 3 RATIFICATION OF DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP ( DELOITTE ) AS THE COMPANY S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 202 6 89 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 91 ANNEX A VISTRA CORP. NON-GAAP RECONCILIATIONS A-1 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE STOCKHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON APRIL 29, 2026 The Proxy Statement and the 2025 Annual Report to Stockholders (the Annual Report ) are available at www.proxyvote.com . Proxy Summary Information This summary is included to provide an introduction and overview of the information contained in this Proxy Statement. This is a summary only and does not contain all of the information we have included in this Proxy Statement. You should refer to the full Proxy Statement for more information about us and the proposals you are being asked to consider. Annual Meeting Information TIME AND DATE PLACE RECORD DATE 9:00 a.m. (CT) Wednesday, April 29, 2026 Virtual Meeting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VST2026 Register in advance at: www.proxyvote.com March 3, 2026 Ways to Vote VIA INTERNET BY PHONE BY MAIL Submit your proxy using the Internet: www.proxyvote.com Submit your proxy by telephone: 1-800-690-6903 If you request a printed copy of the proxy materials, complete, sign, date and return the proxy card in the envelope provided Proposals For Stockholder Action Proposal For More Information Board Recommendation 1 To elect the 11 Directors named in the Proxy Statement to serve on the Board until the 2027 Annual Meeting Page 8 FOR 2 To approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the 2025 compensation of our Named Executive Officers Page 77 FOR 3 To ratify the appointment of Deloitte as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 Page 89 FOR These materials are first being mailed or made available to stockholders on or about March 18, 2026. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Proxy Summary Information TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT VISTRA Vistra (NYSE: VST) is a leading Fortune 500 integrated retail electricity and power generation company based in Irving, Texas, that provides essential resources to customers, businesses, and communities from California to Maine. Vistra is a leader in transforming the energy landscape with an unyielding focus on reliability, affordability, and sustainability. The company safely operates a reliable, efficient power generation fleet of natural gas, nuclear, coal, solar, and battery energy storage facilities while taking an innovative, customer-centric approach to its retail business. Learn more at vistracorp.com . 2025 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS Vistra delivered another strong year of results in 2025, exemplifying the durability of Vistra s integrated operations, while continuing to execute against our strategic priorities. Vistra reported 2025 Net Income of $944 million (including an unrealized loss from hedges expected to settle in future years of $808 million) and Cash Flow from Operations of $4,070 million. Vistra achieved $5,912 million of Ongoing Operations Adjusted EBITDA* ( Adj. EBITDA ) ($112 million higher than the original guidance midpoint announced November 2024) and $3,592 million of Ongoing Operations Adjusted Free Cash Flow Before Growth* ( Adj. FCFbG ) ($292 million higher than the original guidance midpoint) in 2025. During 2025, we achieved several strategic milestones, including the acquisition of seven modern natural gas generation facilities totaling approximately 2,600 MW of capacity from Lotus Infrastructure Partners ( Lotus ) and execution of a 20-year power purchase agreement ( PPA ) with AWS for 1,200 MW of carbon-free power from our Comanche Peak Nuclear Power Plant. Further, we announced our plans to build two new advanced natural gas power units totaling 860 MW on-site at our Permian Basin Power Plant and our intention to convert our Miami Fort coal plant to a natural gas plant in the coming years. During 2025, we also negotiated 20-year PPAs with Meta Platforms, Inc. ( Meta ) and executed definitive agreements to acquire Cogentrix Energy. Pursuant to the PPAs, the Company has agreed to supply Meta with a total of 2,609 MW of carbon-free power and capacity from the Company s PJM nuclear power plants, and the acquisition of Cogentrix Energy would add another 10 modern natural gas generation facilities totaling approximately 5,500 MW of capacity upon closing expected in mid to late 2026. Performance Highlights EXCEEDED 2025 guidance midpoints for Ongoing Operations Adj. EBITDA* and Ongoing Operations Adj. FCFbG* 92.5% coal and gas fleet commercial availability for 2025** **Not including assets acquired from Lotus in October 2025 5TH CONSECUTIVE YEAR year-over-year organic growth in TXU Energy Customer Counts Strategy Execution ~3,000 MW of net generating capacity added or acquired in 2025 ~$300 M of dividends paid in 2025 1,200 MW contracted at the Comanche Peak Nuclear Power Plant ~$5.75 B shares repurchased from Nov. 2021 through Dec. 2025 * See Annex A for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure (as defined in Annex A). 2 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Information Sustainability Highlights ENVIRONMENTAL MAINTAINING GHG emissions intensity (Scope 1 CO 2 e/MWh) at historical low 7,722 MW of zero-carbon capacity currently online 25% generation volume from zero carbon assets GOVERNANCE GENERATION AND SAFETY OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE expanded from the Nuclear Oversight Committee to enhance Board oversight of operations and safety across the fleet SUPPLY CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY new policy helps ensure responsible sourcing across our operations PEOPLE AND COMMUNITIES $12 M donated in 2025 to support communities in education, economic development, community welfare, employee involvement and sustainability 15 EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUPS with focus on Vistra culture, business innovation, skills development for all employees, and the community 14 FACILITIES recognized with OSHA VPP DISABILITY:IN Vistra is a member of Disability:IN. Recognized as a Best Place to Work in 2025 100 STUDENTS participated in Vistra s internship program RECOGNITIONS TRUSTED COMPANY U.S. News names Vistra one of the best companies to work for FORBES NET-ZERO LEADER Vistra added in 2025 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Proxy Summary Information TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BEST PRACTICES Our corporate governance policies and structures reflect best practices, including: Annual election of directors and majority voting with a resignation policy 10 out of 11 director nominees are independent Independent Audit, Social Responsibility and Compensation, Nominating and Governance, Sustainability and Risk, and Generation and Safety Oversight Committees Regular executive sessions of independent directors Separation of the Chairman of the Board (the Chairman ) and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) positions Risk oversight by full Board and committees, including Sustainability Governance Framework ensuring oversight over sustainability matters and initiatives Annually a separate Board meeting is devoted solely to the long-term strategy of the Company, in addition to regular discussions about Company strategy at meetings throughout the year Frequent meetings of our non-management and independent directors Directors limited to no more than two other public company boards, and the CEO limited to no more than one other public company board Annual Board and committee assessments, including individual director and management interviews facilitated by third party every other year Tracking of Board education programs attended by directors with a recommendation that each director attend at least one external Board education program every two years Director onboarding program for new directors Policies prohibiting pledging and hedging transactions involving the Company s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock ), by directors and executive officers Rigorous stock ownership requirements for our directors and executive officers Board oversight of the Company s policies, procedures, and public disclosures regarding political and lobbying contributions Active stakeholder engagement 2025 COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS In 2025, Vistra again received strong support for its executive compensation programs, with over 97% of the stockholder vote approving, on an advisory basis, our executive compensation. In 2025, as in prior years, the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee considered input from our stockholders and other stakeholders as part of its annual review of Vistra s executive compensation program. Based in part on discussions with stockholders, for 2025, Vistra continued to weight performance stock units as 65% of long-term incentive ( LTI ) awards for each named executive officer s ( NEO s ) annual LTI award. We are committed to a pay for performance compensation philosophy, designed to: Emphasize variable compensation that links to overall performance and stockholder value Tie pay-at-risk with increased levels of responsibility Attract, motivate, engage and retain talented executive officers and key employees Compensate for business and personal performance 4 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Information Certain key features of our executive compensation program include: Clawback policy in place for performance-based incentive awards No tax gross-ups for executive officers (other than for relocation expenses under a program that is generally available to all employees) Rigorous stock ownership guidelines applicable to our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice Presidents, including the NEOs and non employee directors Double trigger change in control benefits that require both the occurrence of a change in control and a qualifying termination of the NEO, meaning that the executive cannot trigger these benefits themselves Independent compensation consultant hired by and reporting to the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee SUMMARY OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES Director Since Other Public Company Boards Current Committee Memberships Name Age Independent A S R SR C N G G SO Scott B. Helm Director, Chairman of the Board Vistra Corp. 61 2017 Hilary E. Ackermann Former Chief Risk Officer with Goldman Sachs Bank USA 70 2018 Eco Wave Power Global AB C l Arcilia C. Acosta CEO of CARCON Industries and Construction 60 2020 Magnolia Oil and Gas Corporation l l Gavin R. Baiera Senior Managing Director, Partner and Portfolio Manager at Centerbridge Partners, L.P. 50 2016 l l Paul M. Barbas Former President and Chief Executive Officer of DPL Inc. 69 2018 l l l James A. Burke President and Chief Executive Officer of Vistra Corp. 57 2022 Lisa Crutchfield Managing Principal of Hudson Strategic Advisers, LLC 62 2020 Fulton Financial Corporation C Julie A. Lagacy Former Chief Sustainability and Strategy Officer at Caterpillar Inc. 59 2023 Nutrien Ltd. l C John W. (Bill) Pitesa Former Chief Nuclear Officer for the Nuclear Energy Institute 68 2024 l C John R. (J. R.) Sult Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Marathon Oil Corporation 66 2018 C Robert C. Walters Former Senior Partner and Executive Committee Member at Gibson Dunn Crutcher LLP 67 2024 l l A Audit S R Sustainability and Risk N G Nominating and Governance SR C Social Responsibility and Compensation G SO Generation and Safety Oversight l C Member Chairperson 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Proxy Summary Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 5.8 YEARS Average tenure of director nominees 62.6 YEARS Average age of director nominees REFERENCES TO VISTRA Unless otherwise indicated, references to Vistra, the Company, we, our, and us in the biographical and compensation information for directors and executive officers below refers to Board membership, employment, and compensation with respect to Vistra Corp. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE To the extent that this Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into any other filing by us under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the Securities Act ), or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the Exchange Act ), the sections of this Proxy Statement entitled Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee Report and Audit Committee Report will not be deemed incorporated unless specifically provided otherwise in such filing to the extent permitted by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement and should not be considered part of this Proxy Statement or any other filing that we make with the SEC. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The information presented herein includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that are included herein, or made in presentations, in response to questions or otherwise, that address activities, events or developments that may occur in the future, including (without limitation) such matters as activities related to our financial or operational projections, business strategy, competitive strengths, goals, development or operation of power generation assets, market and industry developments and the growth of our businesses and operations, including at our nuclear and natural gas plants (often, but not always, through the use of words such as intend, plan, will, likely, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, should, could, may, predict, project, forecast, target, potential, goal, objective, and outlook ) are forward-looking statements. Although we believe that in making any such forward-looking statement our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, any such forward-looking statement involves uncertainties and risks that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in or implied by any such forward-looking statement, including those additional risks and factors discussed in reports filed with the SEC by the Company from time to time, including the uncertainties and risks discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 6 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary Information Any forward-looking statement speaks only at the date on which it is made, and except as may be required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict them. In addition, we may be unable to assess the impact of any such event or condition or the extent to which any such event or condition, or combination of events and conditions, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statement. As such, you should not unduly rely on such forward-looking statements. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Proposal 1 Election of Directors DIRECTOR NOMINEES The Board is comprised of 11 directors, each of whom will stand for re election at the Annual Meeting. The director nominees listed below intend to serve, if elected, on the Board as directors until the 2027 Annual Meeting and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Each of the director nominees have been recommended and nominated by the Nominating and Governance Committee. The persons named as proxies on the proxy card intend to vote the proxies for the election of the nominees to the Board listed below. Each nominee listed below has consented to being named in this Proxy Statement and to serve as a director if elected. Director Qualifications Each director nominee is evaluated in accordance with the qualifications set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. We require that directors possess the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values and be committed to representing the long-term interests of our stockholders at large. They must also have an inquisitive and objective perspective, practical wisdom, mature judgment and sufficient personal resources such that any director compensation to be received from the Company would not be sufficiently meaningful to impact their judgment in reviewing matters coming before the Board. Finally, they must be able to work compatibly with the other members of the Board and otherwise have the experience and skills necessary to enable them to serve as productive Board members. Directors also must be willing to devote sufficient time to carrying out their fiduciary duties and other responsibilities effectively and should be committed to serve on the Board for an extended period of time. For additional information, please read our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Listed below are summaries of specific qualifications that the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board believe should be represented on the Board among other qualifications that a director may bring. OUR BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR the election of each director nominee listed below NOMINEES FOR RE ELECTION Scott B. Helm Hilary E. Ackermann Arcilia C. Acosta Gavin R. Baiera Paul M. Barbas James A. Burke Lisa Crutchfield Julie A. Lagacy John W. (Bill) Pitesa John R. (J. R.) Sult Robert C. Walters Each director nominee brings a strong and unique background and set of skills to the Board, giving the Board as a whole competence and experience across these areas. The following skills matrix identifies the five primary skills and attributes that each director nominee brings to the Board and committees. The table below does not include all of the skills and attributes that each director nominee offers. While each director possesses numerous skills and attributes, we believe identifying the five most prominent skills and attributes provides a more meaningful presentation of the key contributions and value of each director. 8 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors Skills Experience Corporate Governance/Public Board Experience Experience in serving on other public company boards; experience maintaining and upholding board and management accountability; strong understanding of governance and compliance practices that safeguard and align with the interests of investors and other relevant stakeholders. l l l l l l Company Executive Experience in holding significant executive or leadership positions within a public company or large organization. l l l l l l l Energy Industry Expertise In-depth knowledge and experience in the energy industry; deep understanding of energy company operations and navigating risks associated with energy operations, including safety. l l l l l l l l l l Finance/Accounting Experience in corporate finance, capital management, accounting, and financial reporting; experience in assessing and overseeing financial statements, internal controls, and operating results. l l l l l l Strategy/Transactional Experience in managing businesses through mergers, acquisitions, and other significant transactions that shaped or transformed the strategic direction of a company; experience in overseeing or developing business plans and strategic initiatives aimed at long-term value creation. l l l l l l l l Regulatory/Compliance/Policy Deep understanding of regulatory affairs, government, or public policy of heavily regulated industries; includes maintaining a strong understanding of the energy markets regulatory environment. l l l l l Risk Management Experience in identifying and addressing financial or business-related risks; understanding of risks specific to the energy industry and their potential impacts on shareholder value. l l l l l l l Sustainable Strategy/Policy Expertise in sustainability, environmental issues, climate change and climate-related risk management through formal certification programs or training, participating in significant continuing education on climate science, or through a CEO position or other senior executive role with responsibility for these issues. l l Human Capital Management Experience or expertise in cultivating a talented, motivated and inclusive workforce, including oversight of compensation, company culture, talent growth and development, succession planning and other human capital issues. l l Cybersecurity, Technology and Innovation Technology experience, including implementing business transformations and improvements through new technology deployments and initiatives; experience with the design, implementation or oversight of cybersecurity policies and cyber risk mitigation. l l In addition to each director s individual qualifications, including his or her knowledge, skills and experience mentioned above, the Company believes that each of our directors possesses high ethical standards, acts with integrity, and exercises careful judgment. Each is committed to employing his or her skills and abilities in the long-term interests of the Company and our stockholders. Collectively, our directors are knowledgeable and experienced in business, governmental, and civic endeavors, further qualifying them for service as members of the Board. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Proposal 1 Election of Directors TABLE OF CONTENTS For more information concerning each director s various qualifications, attributes, skills and experience considered important by the Board in determining that such nominee should serve as a director, as well as each nominee s principal occupation, directorships and additional biographical information, please read the section entitled Director Nominee Biographies below. DIRECTOR NOMINEE BIOGRAPHIES SCOTT B. HELM AGE: 61 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2017 Chairman of the Board BOARD COMMITTEES: None BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Mr. Helm has served as Chairman of the Board since October 2017. For over a decade, Mr. Helm has been a private investor based out of Baltimore, Maryland. Previously, Mr. Helm was a founding partner of Energy Capital Partners, a private equity firm focused on investing in North American energy infrastructure. Before that, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Orion Power Holdings, Inc., a publicly listed company that owned and operated power plants. Mr. Helm began his career at Goldman, Sachs Co., first working in the fixed income division, then moving to the investment banking division. Mr. Helm also serves on the board of the Chesapeake Shakespeare Company. Mr. Helm received a bachelor s degree in business administration from Washington University in St. Louis. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Helm has extensive financial and industry knowledge. Through his specific experience in the energy industry and significant financial and executive experience, including his service as a founding partner of an energy infrastructure private equity fund and public company chief financial officer in the utilities sector, he has strategy, transactional, and risk management expertise. His background and experience allow him to provide valuable guidance and knowledge to the Board and enable him to lead effectively in his capacity as Chairman. KEY EXPERIENCES Corporate Governance/Public Board Experience Energy Industry Expertise Finance/Accounting Strategy/Transactional Risk Management 10 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors HILARY E. ACKERMANN AGE: 70 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2018 BOARD COMMITTEES: Sustainability and Risk (Chair), Generation and Safety Oversight BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Ms. Ackermann served as a director of Dynegy Inc. ( Dynegy ) from October 2012 until Dynegy s merger with Vistra in April 2018 and joined the Board in conjunction with the Company s acquisition of Dynegy. Ms. Ackermann was Chief Risk Officer with Goldman Sachs Bank USA from October 2008 to 2011. Ms. Ackermann began her career at Goldman Sachs in 1985 and served as Managing Director, Credit Department of Goldman, Sachs Co., as VP, Credit Department, and as an Associate in the Credit Department prior to her role as Chief Risk Officer. Prior to joining Goldman, Ms. Ackermann served as Assistant Department Head of the Credit Department of Swiss Bank Corporation (now known as UBS). She was elected to the board of directors of Eco Wave Power Global AB, a publicly traded wave energy technology company, in July 2025. Ms. Ackermann served on the private board of directors and audit committee of Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc. from January 2017 through December 2022, and served as chair of the risk committee, of Credit Suisse Holdings (USA), Inc. She currently serves on the private board and the audit committee, and serves as chair of the risk and compliance committee, of each of Hartford Series Fund, Inc., Hartford HLS Series Fund II, Inc., The Hartford Mutual Funds, Inc. and The Hartford Mutual Funds II, Inc. She previously served on the public board of directors of Apollo Investment Corporation from 2015 until 2017. Ms. Ackermann received a bachelor s degree in Russian from Georgetown University. QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Ackermann brings extensive experience assessing credit for major banking institutions, covering a variety of industries, including the power generation, electrical utilities and natural resources sectors, as well as in-depth coverage of commodities trading, including oil, natural gas and power as a risk manager. Ms. Ackermann currently serves as the Chair of the Sustainability and Risk Committee, where she contributes significantly to the review and evaluation of our enterprise risk assessment, risk management goals, management and tracking of environmental risks and opportunities, as well as external sustainability reporting. KEY EXPERIENCES Energy Industry Expertise Regulatory/Compliance/Policy Risk Management Sustainable Strategy/Policy Cybersecurity, Technology and Innovation 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Proposal 1 Election of Directors TABLE OF CONTENTS ARCILIA C. ACOSTA AGE: 60 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit, Nominating and Governance BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Mrs. Acosta has served on the Board since 2020. Mrs. Acosta has served as the CEO of CARCON Industries and Construction, a full-service construction firm, since 2000 and as the Founder and CEO of Southwestern Testing Laboratories, a geotechnical engineering and construction materials testing firm, since 2003. Mrs. Acosta has served on the public board of Magnolia Oil and Gas Corporation since 2017. Prior public board service includes ten years as a director of Energy Future Holdings Corporation, Legacy Texas Financial Group, N.A. from 2015 to 2019, ONE Gas, Incorporated from July 2018 through February 2020, and Veritex Holdings, Inc. from 2021 through July 2025. In addition, Governor Abbott appointed Ms. Acosta to several prominent positions: as one of three Co-Chairs of the 2023 Texas Inaugural Committee in November 2022, to the Texas Tech University Board of Regents for a six-year term in April 2021, to the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board for a three-year term in March 2016, and in March 2020 to the Strike Force to Open Texas for COVID-19. Mrs. Acosta s civic boards include the Communities Foundation of Texas and the Dallas Citizens Council where she served as Chairman from December 2023 until December 2024. Mrs. Acosta graduated from Texas Tech University and completed the Harvard University Business School Corporate Governance Program. QUALIFICATIONS: Mrs. Acosta brings extensive experience in executive management, operations, safety, construction management and engineering management. In addition, she has served on the boards of other publicly traded and private companies, including oversight responsibilities on matters relating to executive compensation, corporate governance, and audit. Mrs. Acosta currently serves on the Company s Audit and Nominating and Governance Committees. KEY EXPERIENCES Corporate Governance/Public Board Experience Energy Industry Expertise Finance/Accounting Strategy/Transactional Risk Management 12 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors GAVIN R. BAIERA AGE: 50 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2016 BOARD COMMITTEES: Social Responsibility and Compensation, Sustainability and Risk BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Mr. Baiera has served on the Board since 2016. Mr. Baiera has served as a senior managing director, partner, and portfolio manager at Centerbridge Partners, L.P., which is a multi-strategy private investment firm focused on private equity, credit, and real estate, since July 2018, and a Trustee and the CEO of Overland Advantage, a business development company focused on direct lending, since December 2023. He previously served as a managing director at Angelo, Gordon Co., where he was the global head of the firm s corporate credit activities and portfolio manager for its distressed funds. Mr. Baiera was also a member of the firm s executive committee. Prior to joining Angelo, Gordon in 2008, Mr. Baiera was the co-head of the strategic finance group at Morgan Stanley, which was responsible for all origination, underwriting, and distribution of restructuring transactions. Prior to that, Mr. Baiera worked at General Electric Capital Corporation, concentrating on underwriting and investing in restructuring transactions. Mr. Baiera has served on numerous boards of directors including, most recently, MACH Gen, Orbitz Worldwide, and Travelport Worldwide. He received a bachelor s degree in economics and finance from Fairfield University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Southern California. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Baiera has extensive experience in corporate finance and strategic business planning activities. In addition, he has served on the boards of other publicly traded and private companies, including oversight responsibilities on matters relating to executive compensation and compensation strategy, making him a valuable member of the Board and the Company s Social Responsibility and Compensation and Sustainability and Risk Committees. KEY EXPERIENCES Corporate Governance/Public Board Experience Energy Industry Expertise Finance/Accounting Strategy/Transactional Risk Management 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Proposal 1 Election of Directors TABLE OF CONTENTS PAUL M. BARBAS AGE: 69 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2018 BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit, Nominating and Governance, Generation and Safety Oversight BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Mr. Barbas has served on the Board since 2018. Mr. Barbas previously served on the board of Dynegy from October 2012 until Dynegy s merger with Vistra in April 2018 and joined the Board in conjunction with the Company s acquisition of Dynegy. Mr. Barbas previously served as president and chief executive officer of DPL Inc. and its principal subsidiary, The Dayton Power and Light Company (DP L), and he also served on the boards of DPL Inc. and DP L. While at DPL, he also had oversight of information technology functions and was responsible for several financial systems implementations during his prior career at GE. He also previously served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, a diversified utility company engaged in natural gas distribution, transmission, and marketing, propane gas distribution and wholesale marketing, and other related services, and he was executive vice president of Allegheny Power. Mr. Barbas also served on the public boards of Pepco Holdings, Inc. and El Paso Electric, Inc. Mr. Barbas received a bachelor s degree in economics from College of the Holy Cross and a Master of Business Administration in finance and marketing from the University of Massachusetts. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Barbas brings extensive utility, management and oversight experience, having served in executive management positions with various utility and other companies. He also has a broad background in finance and marketing and brings a strong understanding of power operations and energy markets. He also brings to the Board substantive knowledge about a variety of issues related to the Company s business and currently serves on the Company s Audit, Nominating and Governance, and Generation and Safety Oversight Committees. KEY EXPERIENCES Corporate Governance/Public Board Experience Company Executive Energy Industry Expertise Strategy/Transactional Human Capital Management 14 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors JAMES A. BURKE AGE: 57 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2022 President and Chief Executive Officer BOARD COMMITTEES: None BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Mr. Burke has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer since August 1, 2022. Prior to his current role he served as President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since December 2020. Mr. Burke previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company since October 2016. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Executive Vice President of Energy Future Holdings Corp. (the Predecessor ) since February 2013 and President and Chief Executive of TXU Energy, a subsidiary of the Company, since August 2005. Previously, Mr. Burke was Senior Vice President Consumer Markets of TXU Energy. Mr. Burke started his career with Deloitte Consulting, and held a variety of roles with The Coca-Cola Company, Reliant Energy and Gexa Energy prior to TXU Energy. Mr. Burke served as the Chairman of the board of directors of Marucci Sports, a privately held business which was successfully sold to private equity in 2020. Mr. Burke is currently Vice-Chair of the Nuclear Energy Institute, Vice-Chair of the Electric Power Supply Association, and serves on the board of the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations, the United Way Foundation of Metropolitan Dallas, and Dallas Citizens Council, and as an advisory board member for the Tulane University Energy Institute. Mr. Burke is a graduate of Tulane University, where he earned a bachelor s degree in economics and a Master of Business Administration in finance and general management. Mr. Burke is a certified public accountant (non-practicing) and a chartered financial analyst. In addition, Mr. Burke has completed the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Nuclear Reactor Technology Course. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Burke s 20 years of serving in various senior leadership positions with the Company brings to the Board significant knowledge and understanding of the Company s assets and operations across its generation, nuclear, retail, and renewables businesses, including climate-related risk management experience. The Board believes that Mr. Burke s service as our CEO provides the Board with an important link with management and Mr. Burke s valuable perspectives on the Company s business, operations, and execution of its strategic plan. KEY EXPERIENCES Company Executive Energy Industry Expertise Strategy/Transactional Regulatory/Compliance/Policy Risk Management 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Proposal 1 Election of Directors TABLE OF CONTENTS LISA CRUTCHFIELD AGE: 62 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 BOARD COMMITTEES: Social Responsibility and Compensation (Chair) BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Ms. Crutchfield has served on the Board since 2020. Ms. Crutchfield is managing principal of Hudson Strategic Advisers, LLC, an economic analysis and strategic advisory firm to the energy, utility and government sectors since 2012. Prior to launching this consulting practice, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Regulatory, Risk and Compliance Officer for the U.K.-based National Grid plc, a global energy provider, from 2008 to 2012. Ms. Crutchfield also served on the board of National Grid USA as an executive director. She has served in executive roles as Senior Vice President of Regulatory and External Affairs at PECO, an Exelon Company, from 2003 to 2008, Vice President and General Manager at TIAA-CREF, and Vice President of Energy Policy and Strategy at Duke Energy Corporation from 1997 to 2000. Ms. Crutchfield was appointed to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission as Vice Chairman in 1993 and served until 1997, earning the designation as an expert in liberalizing the electric and gas markets. She began her career as a commercial and investment banker. Ms. Crutchfield currently serves on the board of one other publicly traded company, Fulton Financial Corporation, since 2014. She previously served on the public boards of Unitil Corporation from 2012 until 2022 and Fortis, Inc. from 2022 until 2024. Ms. Crutchfield earned a bachelor s degree in economics and political science from Yale University and a Master of Business Administration with distinction in finance from Harvard Business School. Ms. Crutchfield is also a Leadership Fellow of the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD). QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Crutchfield brings extensive experience leading corporate teams and has extensive knowledge of the financial industry and business practices with expertise in finance, compliance, and regulatory matters. As demonstrated by her officer roles at Duke Energy Corporation and Exelon and as utility executive at National Grid, she has extensive experience in sustainability. In addition, she has written state and federal legislation relating to renewable energy regulation, and has advised numerous utilities on the long-term implications of a competitive energy market in their respective states. She has served on the boards of several other publicly traded and privately held companies including on their compensation, governance, and risk committees. Ms. Crutchfield currently serves as the Chair of the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee. KEY EXPERIENCES Corporate Governance/Public Board Experience Company Executive Energy Industry Expertise Finance/Accounting Regulatory/Compliance/Policy 16 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors JULIE A. LAGACY AGE: 59 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2023 BOARD COMMITTEES: Nominating and Governance (Chair), Sustainability and Risk BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Ms. Lagacy has served on the Board since 2023. Ms. Lagacy was chief sustainability and strategy officer at Caterpillar Inc., a manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives, from November 2021 through January 2023. Ms. Lagacy began her career with Caterpillar in 1988 and served as product and commercial manager from 1999 until 2004, human resources manager from 2004 until 2006, senior business resource manager (Global Mining) from 2006 until 2012, and chief financial officer (Global Mining) from 2012 until 2013. From 2013 until 2014, Ms. Lagacy served as vice president (Financial Services Division) and served as vice president of global information services and chief information officer from 2014 until 2020. Before being named Caterpillar s chief sustainability and strategy officer, she served as vice president of enterprise strategy from 2020 to October 2021. Ms. Lagacy previously served on the public board of RPM International Inc., provider of specialty coatings, sealants, building materials and related services, from 2017 to 2023. Ms. Lagacy is a member of the board of directors of Nutrien Ltd., a leading provider of crop inputs and services, with her annual term expiring at the next annual shareholder meeting taking place in May 2026. Ms. Lagacy also serves on the board of the Illinois Cancer Care Charitable Foundation. She earned dual bachelor s degrees in Management and Economics from Illinois State University, a Master of Business Administration from Bradley University, and is a Certified Management Accountant. QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Lagacy brings extensive executive management experience, including financial, strategic, technology, cybersecurity, sustainability, management development, acquisitions, and capital allocation. Specifically with regard to cybersecurity matters, Ms. Lagacy earned a Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from Carnegie Mellon University s Software Engineering Institute. She currently serves as the Chair of the Company s Nominating and Governance Committee and a member of the Sustainability and Risk Committee. KEY EXPERIENCES Company Executive Finance/Accounting Strategy/Transactional Sustainable Strategy/Policy Cybersecurity, Technology and Innovation 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Proposal 1 Election of Directors TABLE OF CONTENTS JOHN W. (BILL) PITESA AGE: 68 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2024 BOARD COMMITTEES: Generation and Safety Oversight (Chair), Social Responsibility and Compensation BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Mr. Pitesa was appointed to the Board in March 2024. Mr. Pitesa has spent his entire career in the nuclear industry. From 2020 until the acquisition of Energy Harbor Corp. ( Energy Harbor ) in March 2024, Mr. Pitesa served on the board of directors of Energy Harbor, a nuclear generation and retail electricity supplier, where he was the chair of the Nuclear Committee. He retired in 2018 after working at the Nuclear Energy Institute (NEI) as chief nuclear officer. Previously, Mr. Pitesa served as chief nuclear officer for Duke Energy where he first joined in 1980 and served in numerous management positions, including serving two years as a loaned employee to the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations (INPO). During that time, he also supported the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and the World Association of Nuclear Operators (WANO) by serving on nuclear plant review teams. Mr. Pitesa holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Auburn University. He is a registered professional engineer in North Carolina and a graduate of Harvard s Advanced Management Program. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Pitesa, through his 38 years of experience at Duke Energy, including executive experience as chief nuclear officer, brings expertise in energy industry operations and in particular the nuclear energy field and in leading highly-technical organizations through complex tactical and strategic decisions. His specific experiences integrating the Progress Energy and Duke Energy nuclear organizations and processes into a single, high performing nuclear fleet and serving on the Energy Harbor board of directors make him uniquely well-qualified to provide oversight to our nuclear operations and to Chair the Company s Generation and Safety Oversight Committee. He also serves on the Company s Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee. KEY EXPERIENCES Company Executive Energy Industry Expertise Regulatory/Compliance/Policy Risk Management Human Capital Management 18 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors JOHN R. (J. R.) SULT AGE: 66 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2018 BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit (Chair) BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Mr. Sult has served on the Board since 2018. Mr. Sult previously served on the board of Dynegy and joined the board in conjunction with the Company s acquisition of Dynegy. Previously, he was executive vice president and chief financial officer of Marathon Oil Corporation. Prior to that, Mr. Sult was executive vice president and chief financial officer of El Paso Corporation and served in other senior executive financial positions at El Paso Corporation. Prior to joining El Paso, Mr. Sult served as vice president and controller of Halliburton Energy Services. Prior to joining Halliburton, Mr. Sult was an audit partner with Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. Sult previously served on the board of Sitio Royalties Corp. from December 2022 to August 2025, Brigham Minerals, Inc. from 2018 to 2022, and Jagged Peak Energy, Inc. from 2017 to 2020, each a public company. In addition, Mr. Sult previously served as a director of the general partner of El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P., a public company. Mr. Sult serves as a director of the Boys and Girls Country of Houston, Inc., a non-profit entity. Mr. Sult received a bachelor s degree with special attainments in commerce from Washington Lee University and is a licensed certified public accountant in the State of Texas. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Sult, through his experience in senior executive financial positions with large public companies, brings significant knowledge of accounting, financial reporting and internal controls, capital markets, corporate finance, capital allocation and strategic planning to the Board. Mr. Sult has extensive knowledge of the energy industry. As a CFO, he also has had leadership responsibility for the information technology organization in a Fortune 500 company. Further, he has served as an audit partner at a major accounting firm, which, in addition to his other experience, qualifies him as an audit committee financial expert. He currently serves as the Chair of the Company s Audit Committee, where he contributes significantly to the oversight of the integrity of our financial statements, internal controls and ethics and compliance functions. KEY EXPERIENCES Corporate Governance/Public Board Experience Company Executive Energy Industry Expertise Finance/Accounting Strategy/Transactional 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Proposal 1 Election of Directors TABLE OF CONTENTS ROBERT C. WALTERS AGE: 67 DIRECTOR SINCE: 2024 BOARD COMMITTEES: Nominating and Governance, Sustainability and Risk BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION: Mr. Walters has served on the Board since December 2024. Mr. Walters retired from Gibson Dunn Crutcher LLP in 2023, where he served as senior partner and as a member of the firm s worldwide executive committee. Mr. Walters is an experienced and skilled professional with over four decades of experience in an array of industries and regulatory arenas, including serving as an executive vice president and general counsel of the Predecessor. In the course of his career, Mr. Walters has had deep exposure to the electric utility and power sectors and success in building elite enterprises, recruiting and leading high-performance professionals, developing and executing regional and worldwide strategic initiatives, negotiating and closing major transactions, orchestrating federal and state regulatory, legislative, and policy initiatives, litigating and resolving large competition and commercial disputes, and advising boards of directors on business and governance matters, restructuring efforts, activist initiatives, governmental investigations, and antitrust and competition regulatory matters. Mr. Walters received a bachelor s degree and law degree from the University of Texas at Austin. QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Walters, with his deep experience in the power industry, extensive regulatory expertise at the federal and state levels, as well as active civic and non-profit leadership, provides valuable perspectives to the Board and the Company as it continues to lead in a dynamic and transformative energy industry. He brings substantial legal and regulatory expertise as a member of the Company s Nominating and Governance and Sustainability and Risk Committees. KEY EXPERIENCES Company Executive Energy Industry Expertise Strategy/Transactional Regulatory/Compliance/Policy Risk Management The Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote FOR the election of the director nominees to the Board. 20 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW The following summarizes key elements of our corporate governance practices: Board Independence 10 OUT OF 11 directors standing for election are independent (CEO is sole member of management serving on the Board) ALL members of our five committees are independent SEPARATE Chairman and CEO roles APPROVAL REQUIRED from the Nominating and Governance Committee for outside board service, limited to two other public company boards concurrently (CEO is limited to one) Director Elections ANNUAL election of directors MAJORITY VOTING in uncontested elections and plurality voting in contested elections, with director resignation policy DIRECTORS ARE OBLIGATED TO PROMPTLY TENDER RESIGNATION IF A MAJORITY VOTE IS NOT RECEIVED. Resignations tended to the Nominating and Governance Committee will become effective upon acceptance by the Board in its sole discretion within 90 days following certification of the election results Board Best Practices ANNUAL REVIEW of Board composition by Nominating and Governance committee ANNUAL BOARD AND COMMITTEE SELF EVALUATION PROCESS with identification and tracking of specific follow up actions for continuous improvement DIRECTOR ONBOARDING AND CONTINUING EDUCATION PROGRAM including Company site visits and information sessions with company management 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Best Practices, continued Routine assessment by Nominating and Governance Committee of overall corporate governance profile and potential enhancements thereto Access to and engagement of outside advisors and consultants to assist the Board and the Committees in the performance of their duties, as appropriate Tracking of Board education programs attended by directors with a recommendation that each director attend at least one Board education program every two years Regular Board Engagement Formal Board and Committee meetings each quarter, including an annual strategic planning meeting, and frequent telephonic meetings on emerging matters in the interim Committee Chairs have regular engagement with management liaison (e.g., Audit Chair with Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), Controller, and Vice President of Internal Audit) Board Oversight Sustainability Governance Framework ensuring Board and committee oversight over sustainability strategy and initiatives Board oversight of the Company s policies, procedures, and public disclosures regarding political and lobbying contributions Specific committee oversight of cybersecurity risk and AI assigned to Sustainability and Risk Committee Stock Ownership Requirements Prohibitions against directors and executive officers: holding our securities in a margin account or pledging our securities; or engaging in any hedging transaction with respect to our securities held by them (as further described under Insider Trading Policy and Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging on page 41 of this Proxy Statement) Stockholder and Stakeholder Engagement Regular, transparent communication with our stockholders and other stakeholders Our investor relations team regularly meets with stockholders, prospective stockholders and investment analysts, and frequently includes our CEO, CFO, or other members of management; the Chairman of the Board also periodically attends meetings with stockholders Members of our management team regularly engage with stockholders and other stakeholders to discuss our strategy, corporate governance, executive compensation practices, Company culture, human capital management, and sustainability initiatives and to solicit feedback on these and a variety of other topics of interest Directors expected to attend all annual stockholder meetings absent unusual circumstances INDIVIDUAL DIRECTOR AND MANAGEMENT INTERVIEWS AND ASSESSMENTS performed every other year facilitated by a third party to further assess Board effectiveness as well as individual director performance REGULAR EXECUTIVE SESSIONS of independent directors ONGOING SUCCESSION PLANNING for the CEO and other senior management RIGOROUS STOCK OWNERSHIP REQUIREMENTS for our directors and executive officers ANNUAL ADVISORY VOTE to approve executive compensation 22 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance DIRECTOR NOMINATION PROCESS Director Selection Process The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board the nominees for election as directors of the Company. The Nominating and Governance Committee s policy is to consider recommendations for such director nominees, including those submitted by current directors, members of management, or by stockholders, on the bases described below. In this regard, stockholders may recommend director nominees by writing to the Nominating and Governance Committee c/o the Corporate Secretary of the Company, 6555 Sierra Drive, Irving, Texas 75039. Any such relevant recommendations from stockholders received by the Corporate Secretary of the Company will be promptly provided to the Nominating and Governance Committee. Recommendations to be considered by the Nominating and Governance Committee for the 2027 Annual Meeting should be submitted as described under Advance Notice Stockholder Proposals or Nominations on page 97. The Nominating and Governance Committee annually reviews the composition of the Board as a whole and recommends, if necessary, measures to be taken so that the Board reflects the appropriate balance of knowledge, experience, skills, expertise and range of backgrounds and perspectives required for the Board as a whole and contains at least the minimum number of independent directors required by applicable laws and regulations. Identification of Candidates The Nominating and Governance Committee identifies director nominees in various ways. The Nominating and Governance Committee assesses the contributions, time commitments, and independence of incumbent directors in determining whether to recommend them for reelection to the Board. In identifying and evaluating director nominees, the Nominating and Governance Committee may consult with members of the Board, Company management, consultants, and other individuals likely to possess an understanding of the Company s business and knowledge of suitable candidates. In making its recommendations, the Nominating and Governance Committee assesses the requisite skills and qualifications of director nominees and the composition of the Board as a whole in the context of the Board s criteria and needs. Such assessments will be consistent with the Board s criteria for membership, including: (i) not less than a majority of directors shall satisfy the New York Stock Exchange s ( NYSE ) independence requirements; (ii) all directors shall possess judgment, character, expertise, skills and knowledge useful to the oversight of the Company s business; (iii) business, governmental, civic or other relevant experience; and (iv) consideration will be given to the extent to which the director nominee s qualifications and background, experience and viewpoints interplay with those of other Board members to build a Board that is effective, in light of the Company s business and structure. The Nominating and Governance Committee does not assign specific weights to particular criteria, and no particular criterion is necessarily applicable to all Board members. The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider a range of criteria based on the perceived needs of the Board and aim to include varied backgrounds and perspectives. All candidates are considered and evaluated based on their potential contributions to the Board and their ability to provide unique perspectives and points of view that allow for robust and effective governance. Board of Directors and Committee Evaluation Process The Board recognizes that a rigorous evaluation process is an essential component of strong corporate governance practices and promoting ongoing Board and Committee effectiveness. Consistent with best practice, the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and each of the Committees Charters, the Nominating and Governance Committee oversees the annual evaluation of the performance of the Board and the Committees, with the Chairman and the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee maintaining a substantial role in facilitating discussion among the Board and the Committees. All of the director nominees participated in the 2025 Board and Committee evaluation process. For the 2025 evaluation year, the Nominating and Governance Committee incorporated individual interviews with certain members of management who regularly interact with the Board and the Committees, facilitated by a third party, which are designed to assess overall Board and Committees effectiveness as well as individual director performance. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board and Committee evaluation process will conduct individual interviews with directors and individual interviews with select members of management in alternating years to enhance its written evaluation process. 1 Review of Evaluation Process Nominating and Governance Committee reviews evaluation process annually 2 Advanced Questionnaire Covers: Board and Committee efficiency and effectiveness Board and Committee composition, including tenure, leadership, and individual skillsets Board processes and best practices Oversight responsibilities and Committee duties Focus on risk management and strategic matters Quality and frequency of meetings Quality of information and materials provided to Board Board culture 3 One-on-One Interviews One-on-one interviews conducted every other year by independent, third-party facilitator with each director and with members of management, in alternating years Provides additional feedback on overall Board effectiveness, individual director performance, strengths and contributions, and Board development goals 4 Evaluation Results To protect anonymity and integrity of evaluation process, Company s legal counsel compiles report of evaluation responses, which is initially provided to Chairman and Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee Report, including evaluation results and specific areas of focus for Board and Committees, is presented to each Committee and full Board in executive session to encourage candid discussion and feedback Full Board and each Committee discusses specific areas of focus to enhance its effectiveness FEEDBACK INCORPORATED After receiving feedback from the Chairman and Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Corporate Secretary monitors any action items resulting from the Board and Committee discussions, and utilizes the results to facilitate, together with the CEO and executive management, workplans, director succession plans, committee leadership and membership refreshment plans, and board candidate evaluations for the upcoming year and thereafter. 24 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE We follow the NYSE s requirements for determining director independence. Based on the application of these standards and pursuant to the requirements of the NYSE and the SEC, the Board has determined that: (i) The following directors are independent: Mses. Ackermann, Acosta, Crutchfield, and Lagacy, and Messrs. Baiera, Barbas, Helm, Pitesa, Sult, and Walters. (ii) The Board has determined that each of Mrs. Acosta and Messrs. Barbas and Sult qualify as an Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined in Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act. (iii) The Board has determined that each of Mrs. Acosta and Messrs. Barbas and Sult, members of the Audit Committee, possesses the necessary level of financial literacy required to enable each of them to serve effectively as an Audit Committee member and satisfies the heightened independence requirements under NYSE and SEC requirements for Audit Committee members. (iv) The Board has determined that each of Ms. Crutchfield and Messrs. Baiera and Pitesa, members of the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee, satisfies the heightened independence requirements under NYSE and SEC standards for compensation committee members. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE As set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board does not have a policy with respect to the separation of the offices of the Chairman and CEO. The Board believes that this issue is part of the succession planning process and that it is in the best interests of the Company for the Board to make a determination regarding this issue any time it elects a new CEO and thereafter as deemed appropriate. During 2025, the Company maintained separate CEO and Chairman roles. The Company has determined this to be the appropriate leadership structure at this time to maintain independent Board leadership that can still benefit from the insight of our CEO. The Chairman, among other things, (a) exercises the rights and discharges the obligations of the Chairman as set forth in the Company s Bylaws, including presiding at meetings of stockholders and the Board, (b) collaborates with the Board and the CEO on the schedule for Board meetings and agenda items, including gathering the Board s input on agenda items and information needs associated with those agenda items, and approves meeting schedules, agendas and associated information sent to the Board, (c) establishes agendas for executive sessions of the Board, in consultation with the CEO, (d) presides at executive sessions of the Board and coordinates feedback to the CEO regarding issues discussed in executive session, (e) coordinates new director searches, in conjunction with the Nominating and Governance Committee and CEO, and presents candidates for consideration to the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board, (f) serves as an information resource for other directors and acts as liaison between directors, committee chairs, and management, (g) develops a positive, collaborative relationship with the CEO, (h) if requested by major stockholders, is available for consultation and direct communication, and (i) performs such other duties and responsibilities as requested by the Board. If a different determination is made in the future regarding the separation of the Chairman and CEO positions, such that the CEO is the Chairman, a Lead Director shall be elected by the non-management directors of the Board to: (i) serve as a liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors, (ii) lead executive sessions of the Board, (iii) have authority to call meetings of the independent directors, (iv) approve Board meeting schedules, agendas and associated information sent to the Board, (v) lead the Board in discussions concerning the CEO s employment and performance and CEO succession, (vi) if requested by major stockholders, be available for consultation and direct communication, and (vii) perform such other duties and responsibilities as requested by the Board. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS MEETINGS OF THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES The standing Committees of the Board and the current membership of each Committee are shown below. The Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the composition of the committees at least annually and determines if any changes should be recommended to the Board. Meeting Attendance and Executive Sessions During the 2025 fiscal year, there were nine meetings of the Board. Each of the current directors attended more than 75% of the total number of Board meetings and meetings of the Committees on which they served. In accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, directors are expected to attend all scheduled Board meetings and meetings of the Committees of the Board on which they serve. In addition, directors are welcome to attend the meetings of any committee, even if not a member of the committee, with the approval of the committee chair or Chairman and may participate in executive session discussions with the approval of the committee chair. Non-management directors meet regularly in executive sessions, and the Chairman presides over those executive sessions. As detailed in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board members are expected to attend each annual meeting of stockholders absent unusual circumstances. All eleven directors attended the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Committee Membership, Independence, and Qualifications The Nominating and Governance Committee recommends committee memberships and chairpersons to the Board and considers periodically rotating directors among the committees. The current membership of the Committees of the Board with respect to the director nominees is shown in the table below. Audit Committee Sustainability and Risk Committee Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Generation and Safety Oversight Committee Independent Directors: Hilary E. Ackermann Chair Member Arcilia C. Acosta (1) Member Member Gavin R. Baiera Member Member Paul M. Barbas (1) Member Member Member Lisa Crutchfield Chair Scott B. Helm (2) Julie A. Lagacy Member Chair John W. (Bill) Pitesa Member Chair John R. (J. R.) Sult (1) Chair Robert C. Walters Member Member Employee Directors: James A. Burke Number of Meetings in 2025 4 4 5 4 4 (1) Audit committee financial expert, as defined by the SEC and NYSE, and as determined by the Board. Background information on each audit committee financial expert can be found in the director nominee biographies beginning on page 10 . (2) Mr. Helm serves as Chairman of the Board. 26 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board Committees The Board has the following five standing Committees: (i) Audit, (ii) Sustainability and Risk, (iii) Social Responsibility and Compensation, (iv) Nominating and Governance, and (v) Generation and Safety Oversight (each, a Committee ). The functions of each Committee are described below. AUDIT COMMITTEE CHAIR: John R. (J. R.) Sult MEETINGS IN 2025: 4 NON-CHAIR MEMBERS: Arcilia C. Acosta Paul M. Barbas PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Appoints, retains, oversees, evaluates and compensates the independent auditors; reviews the annual audited and quarterly consolidated financial statements; reviews significant matters regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentations; oversees the performance of the Company s internal audit function; oversees the system, and annual audit, of internal controls over financial reporting; oversees accounting, legal and regulatory compliance, and ethics (including annual review of the Company s Code of Conduct); and prepares the Audit Committee report as required by the SEC to be included in the Company s annual proxy statement. The Audit Committee is a separately designated standing audit committee as required by SEC regulations and NYSE rules. For more information about the Audit Committee please see the Audit Committee Report on page 86 . 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS SUSTAINABILITY AND RISK COMMITTEE CHAIR: Hilary E. Ackermann MEETINGS IN 2025: 4 NON-CHAIR MEMBERS: Gavin R. Baiera Julie A. Lagacy Robert C. Walters PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: With respect to risk, assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities with respect to (i) the oversight of the enterprise risk management process, including coordination, where necessary, with other Committees, (ii) the assessment of certain enterprise risks, (iii) the review and assessment of market, commercial and risk management matters of the Company, and (iv) oversight of the Company s management of risks related to cybersecurity, the deployment of artificial intelligence, and information security. With respect to sustainability, the Committee: (i) reviews and discusses with management the Company s strategies, policies, and practices to assist in addressing public sentiment and shaping policy to manage the Company s sustainability efforts; (ii) at least annually, reviews and discusses with management the Company s assessment of climate-related risks, including physical, transition, regulatory, reputational, and/or market risks, and management s process for the identification, evaluation, and mitigation of risks related to climate change; (iii) oversees and monitors the Company s core vision and values and advises the Board and management on sustainability policies, including the Company s publicly stated targets and aspirational goals for company-wide reductions of greenhouse gas emissions from its power generation operations; and (iv) provides oversight with respect to any sustainability reporting to the public or governmental agencies. 28 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE CHAIR: Lisa Crutchfield MEETINGS IN 2025: 5 NON-CHAIR MEMBERS: Gavin R. Baiera John W. (Bill) Pitesa PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Reviews and oversees the Company s overall compensation philosophy, reviews and oversees the development and implementation of compensation, policies and programs intended to be aligned with the Company s business strategy, and reviews and oversees the Company s policies and practices related to human resources, workforce development, talent management, organizational culture and corporate citizenship. With respect to compensation, the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee (i) reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the CEO, evaluates the CEO s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and determines and recommends to the Board the CEO s compensation based on this evaluation; (ii) oversees the evaluation of executive officers (other than the CEO) and other senior officer-level direct reports of the CEO, and reviews, determines and approves their compensation levels; (iii) oversees and makes recommendations to the Board with respect to the adoption, amendment or termination of incentive compensation, and equity-based and other executive compensation and benefits plans, policies and practices; (iv) reviews and discusses with the Board executive management succession planning; (v) makes recommendations to the Board with respect to the compensation of the Company s outside directors; and (vi) produces the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee s report on executive compensation as required by the SEC to be included in the Company s annual proxy statement. With respect to social responsibility, the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee (i) oversees and monitors the Company s culture and core principles, including periodically reviewing employee engagement; (ii) oversees and monitors the Company s strategies, initiatives, and programs relating to human capital management and talent retention; (iii) reviews the Company s workforce development initiatives including programs relating to employees and community; and (iv) reviews the Company s practices and strategies to further its corporate citizenship, including corporate social responsibility initiatives in support of charitable and community service organizations. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE CHAIR: Julie A. Lagacy MEETINGS IN 2025: 4 NON-CHAIR MEMBERS: Paul M. Barbas Arcilia C. Acosta Robert C. Walters PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Reviews and recommends director candidates to the Board for election at each annual meeting of stockholders, periodically reviews the Corporate Governance Guidelines and recommends changes to the Board, reviews and recommends Committee composition and Chairs and recommends changes to the Board and provides guidance to the Board with respect to governance related matters. The Nominating and Governance Committee, among its other responsibilities, (i) identifies individuals qualified to become directors and recommends to the Board the nominees to stand for election as directors; (ii) oversees and assumes a leadership role in the governance of the Company including recommending periodic updates to the Corporate Governance Guidelines for the Board s consideration; (iii) participates with the Chairman in the Board s annual evaluation of its performance and of the Committees; (iv) recommends to the Board the director nominees for each annual stockholder meeting and for each Committee; and (v) oversees the orientation process for new directors and ongoing education for directors. GENERATION AND SAFETY OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE CHAIR: John W. (Bill) Pitesa MEETINGS IN 2025: 4 NON-CHAIR MEMBERS: Hilary E. Ackermann Paul M. Barbas PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Provides oversight of and makes periodic reports and, as necessary, recommendations to the Board with respect to the Company s (i) non-nuclear generation operations, including its natural gas, solar, battery energy storage and coal generation facilities, and any other future generation facilities; (ii) nuclear generation operations; and (iii) safety and environmental policies and performance. The Committee (i) reviews and monitors the operational performance of the generation operations; (ii) reviews reports from, and significant interactions with, external nuclear regulators and oversight groups; (iii) reviews and monitors overall safety performance and safety culture; (iv) monitors significant safety and operational events or incidents at the Company s generation facilities; (v) reviews and monitors the Company s compliance with environmental laws and regulations; (vi) oversees the potential effects of emerging policies, technologies, and trends on the generation operations; and (vii) periodically conducts a physical review of the generation facilities. 30 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance For further discussion of each of the Committees oversight duties related to risk, see the discussion of Board Risk Oversight on page 34 . OUR COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY Vistra strives to balance reliability, affordability, and sustainability in that order. Our sustainability initiatives are a key part of our business strategy and strengthen our resiliency, positioning us to generate long-term value for our stakeholders. We consider all stakeholders investors, customers, suppliers, local communities, employees, contractors and the environment, among others in our decisions, processes, and activities. We know that prioritizing our stakeholders leads to higher customer satisfaction, more community involvement and support, and committed employees and suppliers, which in turn leads to a more resilient and successful company. Vistra continues to leverage accepted sustainability frameworks and standards to provide transparent disclosures to all our stakeholders. For more information about our sustainability efforts, targets and disclosures, please visit the Sustainability section of our website at www.vistracorp.com/sustainability/ . Sustainability Governance Vistra s policies and initiatives are interconnected and collectively contribute to our long-term sustainability. Given this interconnectedness, ultimately the oversight of our sustainability initiatives are governed by the full Board, with oversight of subject matter-specific components delegated to applicable Board committees, as reflected in the following Sustainability Governance Framework. The Board continues to reassess oversight of sustainability and could adjust oversight responsibilities or involve other committees as regulatory reporting requirements develop. BOARD OF DIRECTORS SUSTAINABILITY AND RISK COMMITTEE Oversees cyber security, AI deployment and corporate risk management, including climate-related risks and opportunities, as well as external sustainability reporting NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Oversees corporate governance framework GENERATION AND SAFETY OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE Oversees the Company s non-nuclear generation operations, nuclear generation operations, and safety and environmental policies and performance AUDIT COMMITTEE Oversees financial statements and reporting processes, including sustainability disclosures, and legal and regulatory compliance SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Oversees Vistra s executive compensation program and social responsibility initiatives, including talent management, workforce development, organizational culture and community PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Responsible for all sustainability strategy including the setting and achievement of long-term emission reduction targets CHIEF STRATEGY AND SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT PUBLIC AFFAIRS Responsible for Vistra s corporate strategy, M A, sustainability, regulatory and government affairs, communications, community engagement, and corporate development 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS The Sustainability and Risk Committee provides oversight with respect to the Company s sustainability policies and practices. In addition, the full Board oversees the Company s policies, procedures, and public disclosures regarding lobbying and political contributions. Further, the full Board focuses extensively on our efforts to balance reliability, affordability, and sustainability and takes an active role with management to review and oversee the development and execution of Vistra s long-term corporate strategy. In particular, the Board regularly reviews climate-related risks and opportunities including the transformation of our generation portfolio and investments in zero-carbon resources given their significance to and interconnectedness with capital deployment, business strategy, and other Board decisions. Vistra is led by a team of industry veterans with expertise across all areas of the energy and retail businesses, and the Board brings relevant experience to support our sustainability strategy (see more information about each director s skills and experience on page 9 . At a management level, the Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer leads the Sustainability Management Committee to ensure the appropriate resources and stakeholders are implementing sustainability efforts and reviewing climate-related risks and opportunities across all functions of the corporate structure. Our Pillars Vistra s five responsible business pillars provide a foundation for the Company s sustainability strategy, and through our Sustainability Governance Framework, each pillar is guided by appropriate Board and/or committee oversight: ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP AND COMPLIANCE HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT SAFETY AND HEALTH SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES AND CUSTOMERS RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP AND COMPLIANCE Vistra is committed to responsible environmental practices and strives for clean air, water, land, waste reduction, and the conservation of natural resources. Our commitment to improving the environment is described through nine environmental principles. Vistra employees conduct business and make decisions in accordance with these principles in our environmental policy. We do business the right way we are committed to continuously improving environmental protection measures and building on our strict compliance with environmental laws and regulations. Vistra s corporate-based environmental team assists and guides compliance at each of our sites and administers the Environmental Management System (EMS) comprised of various corporate systems to track environmental requirements, incidents, and compliance across our fleet. One element of our overall sustainability strategy is a focus on mitigation and prevention of climate-related risks, management of our interactions with the environment, and a commitment to engage with our stakeholders to reliably and affordably meet the growing demand for power. We are growing and transforming our fleet via responsible retirements of fossil-fuel plants, repowering plants with natural gas and investments in nuclear, solar and batteries. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Vistra s culture is built around a guiding principle: we are One Team working together safely and efficiently, with mutual trust and respect. While our business stretches from coast to coast, across corporate, retail, and generation functions, we understand our success depends on each other One Team working together, winning together, stronger together. Vistra continues to provide opportunities for open dialogue, access to leadership, and employee involvement in change through regular meetings, listening sessions, and surveys. We support internal and external hiring efforts through a range of initiatives. These include our intern program supporting students from an array of programs 32 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and our legacy of hiring military veterans, whom we consider a tremendous asset to the team. Vistra has a mentoring program which is open to all employees, at any stage in their career. We train all leaders and managers to handle difficult conversations, help their team members grow, and craft their own unique leadership styles. This environment of collaboration allows Vistra to recruit and retain premier talent and helps employees reach their full potential unlocking new levels of success for the business. SAFETY AND HEALTH Our people are our greatest resource, which is why safety above all else is our top priority. Vistra s goal is to provide each employee with essential training and resources to help ensure their safety and health while planning or conducting onsite activities. Vistra s company-wide safety management system (SMS) covers all employees. This program is facilitated across all locations by tenured safety professionals and engaged operational teams. Vistra s SMS is based on relevant state and federal requirements for workplace occupational health and safety programs, with best practices incorporated from other industry best practice standards where applicable. We believe safety training is most effective when it is incorporated into standard operating procedures, workplace practices, and individual job performance requirements. We structure employee development and learning so that our employees have the knowledge and skills needed to do their work safely, avoid creating hazards that could place themselves or others at risk. At Vistra, we believe a healthy workforce leads to greater well-being at work and at home. To help empower our employees with wellness outside of work, Vistra team members receive access to multiple services and knowledge hubs in addition to employee-sponsored health insurance coverage. Vistra offers onsite clinics at various locations for non-emergency medical needs. SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES AND CUSTOMERS We strive to be good corporate citizens and strengthen the communities where we do business, where we have customers, and where our employees call home. At Vistra, we make a genuine effort to better the communities where we live, work, and serve. As referenced in Vistra s corporate giving policy, the key focus areas for our community involvement and corporate giving are: Education, Community Welfare, Environment/Sustainability, Employee Involvement, Economic Development. Vistra and our subsidiaries have also engaged local communities as we address the potential impacts of our operations. Vistra s Energy Aid program is one the most extensive energy bill-payment assistance programs in the nation, providing more than $130 million in assistance over the last 40 years. To keep our communities informed about our operations and new Vistra projects, Vistra regularly hosts in-person and virtual meetings to answer resident questions and receive community feedback. Regular emergency response team training and outreach is conducted at our largest generating sites, including our utility-scale solar and battery energy storage facilities and our nuclear plants. Vistra is one of the largest competitive electric retailers in the U.S. Vistra Retail is the natural off-taker to our generation fleet and this integrated nature of our business is a core competitive advantage that provides stable financial earnings. The growth and transformation of our generation portfolio will provide the electricity Vistra Retail needs to support a range of affordable offerings customers are actively seeking. RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES We conduct business the right way, with the utmost integrity, holding ourselves and our suppliers to high ethical standards and conducting all business in compliance with laws and regulation. Vistra has a robust, centralized, strategic supply chain organization with a global supply chain supporting electric power generation, retail electric sales, and corporate shared services. We ask that our suppliers reflect our values and agree to our Supplier Code of Conduct, found on our website. Suppliers agree to abide by the code including our commitment to responsible sourcing practices. In addition, Vistra s dynamic supply chain identifies suppliers of all sizes across our markets that are able to provide the best quality products and services to the business. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS The Company is focused on maintaining a robust information security program as part of its commitment to responsible business practices. Led by the Chief Information Officer ( CIO ) and Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ), Vistra s enterprise-wide strategy includes regular audits and reviews aligned with the National Institute of Standards and Technology framework. The Company operates a cybersecurity operations center, conducts annual employee training and phishing simulations, maintains incident response plans, and continually enhances security measures to protect systems and data. Monitoring capabilities are adapted for early-threat detection, including risks associated with remote work. Vistra also performs due diligence on key third-party vendors security programs. Vistra lobbies by advocating for legislation and regulations that will enhance value for our customers, communities, the environment, employees, and shareholders. We recognize that public policy decisions can greatly impact our business and industry, now and in the future. Vistra reviews its lobbying efforts at least annually to ensure adherence to applicable laws and Vistra s core principles. BOARD RISK OVERSIGHT In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to a variety of risks. For a complete description of the risk factors associated with our business, see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is included in our Annual Report, and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The Board has ultimate responsibility for protecting stockholder value. Among other things, the Board is ultimately responsible for understanding the risks to which we are exposed, approving management s strategy to manage these risks, establishing policies and procedures that monitor and manage defined risks and measuring management s performance against the strategy. The Committees including the Audit Committee, Sustainability and Risk Committee, Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee, and Generation and Safety Oversight Committee play an important role in support of the Board s oversight function. Risk oversight includes understanding the material risks to the business and what steps management is taking or should be taking to manage those risks, as well as understanding and determining the appropriate risk appetite for the Company. To define the Company s risk appetite, the Board reviews and approves the annual business plan, budget and long-term plan, strategic initiatives, acquisitions and divestitures, capital markets transactions, financings, capital allocation and capital structure. The Board conducts its risk oversight function in several ways. The Board monitors, reviews and responds to strategic, commercial, market, financial, sustainability, corporate, and safety risks facing the Company by receiving periodic reports from the management team, and through the Committees. In addition, for further information about our sustainability governance, see Our Commitment to Sustainability above. While the Committees each have their delegated responsibilities for identifying and addressing risks, the Board primarily conducts this oversight function through the Sustainability and Risk Committee, which oversees the enterprise risk management process and assesses certain enterprise risks and market, commercial, cybersecurity, AI and risk management matters; the Audit Committee, which oversees risks relating to accounting, internal audit and controls; the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee, which oversees risks relating to our compensation policies and practices; the Nominating and Governance Committee, which oversees risks relating to our governance structure and processes; and the Generation and Safety Oversight Committee, which oversees risks relating to our nuclear and non-nuclear operations, as well as safety and environmental performance. On an annual basis, the Board reviews a detailed enterprise risk report. Additionally, on a quarterly basis, the Sustainability and Risk Committee reviews any significant changes to the enterprise risk assessment and provides a report thereof to the Board. Further, the Board conducts periodic reviews of risks on an ongoing and as-needed basis and receives updates from management during the year on any particular matters relating to risk management or risk controls that management believes need to be brought to the attention of the Board. The Sustainability and Risk Committee maintains oversight over the Company s cybersecurity and incident response program, which is designed to assess, identify, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats, including matters related to the cybersecurity of the Company s critical infrastructure, data, or information technology systems and the Company s actions to prepare for, identify, assess, respond, mitigate and remediate material cyber, information security or technology risks (collectively, Information Security ). Ms. Lagacy serves as lead director on behalf of the Board to interface and coordinate with the CIO on cybersecurity reports to the Board. For additional information, see Information Security Risk Oversight below. 34 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance The table below summarizes the significant roles the various Board Committees play in carrying out the risk oversight function. AUDIT COMMITTEE Oversees financial statement and disclosure risks, which includes reviewing and discussing with management the Company s risk disclosures in the Company s annual reports to the SEC Reviews and discusses the risk of fraud with management, the internal audit executive and the independent auditor and reviewing the implementation of controls to mitigate fraud risk Considers the risk of management s ability to override the Company s internal control Oversees legal and regulatory compliance Oversees significant tax risks and issues affecting the Company SUSTAINABILITY AND RISK COMMITTEE Oversees certain enterprise risks and other risks related to commercial, credit, liquidity and market risks, including our trading of fuel, transportation, energy and related products and services and regulatory compliance, and the Company s assessment and management of the risks associated with such activities Oversees management of cybersecurity, information security risk, and the deployment of artificial intelligence Oversees climate-related risks, including physical, transition, regulatory, reputational, and/or market risks, and management s process for the identification, evaluation, and mitigation of transition risks related to climate change SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Oversees risks related to our compensation policies and practices and succession planning, with input from management and the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee s independent outside compensation consultant Periodically reviews and assesses the Company s culture and employee engagement Reviews human capital management Reviews the Company s workforce development initiatives NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Oversees risks related to governance and shareholder activism Oversees director refreshment and succession Approves other public company directorships offered to directors Conducts robust annual Board, committee, and director performance evaluation process 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS GENERATION AND SAFETY OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE Oversees risks related to our nuclear and non-nuclear generation operations Reviews and monitors the Company s safety and environmental policies and performance Oversees the potential effects of emerging policies, technologies, and trends on generation operations, and reviews changes to the long-term strategies of the generation operations Directors typically attend all Committee meetings when possible, and otherwise receive a report on matters reviewed by the respective Committees, thereby providing the full Board with the opportunity to identify and discuss any risk-related issues or request additional information from management or the Committees that may assist the Board in its risk oversight role. In addition to the above-described Board committee structure, the Company has three standing committees that comprise the primary governance forums for day-to-day management of the Company and are complementary and critical to the risk management process: Executive Leadership Team, Commitments Committee, and Risk Management Committee. Members Meeting Occurrence Function EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM CEO CEO s direct reports Weekly Provides the forum for discussion and decision-making related to general strategy and policy items, operational updates, information sharing, prioritization, and cross-business and cross-functional coordination COMMITMENTS COMMITTEE Voting members: CEO (chair) CFO General Counsel President of Vistra Retail Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer Standing invitees: Other direct reports of CEO Other key functional and operational leaders Weekly Provides operational oversight of Vistra s material commitment activities, ensuring that an appropriate level of analysis, review, and approvals are performed prior to committing or deploying capital, approving transactions within transaction authority limits delegated by the Board RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE CEO CFO (chair) Chief Risk Officer SVP of Commercial Operations General Counsel / Chief Compliance Officer President of Vistra Retail Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer Chief Accounting Officer Treasurer SVP of Planning Weekly Provides risk management oversight, monitoring, control, and guidance for all risk management activities at Vistra, approving risk management activities within limits delegated by the Board 36 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance The Company s Chief Risk Officer oversees our risk management efforts and regularly reports to the Sustainability and Risk Committee regarding enterprise risk management and assessment matters. The Chief Risk Officer administers our Risk Management Policy which in turn governs the Risk Management Committee. The Risk Management Policy establishes guidelines necessary for the Company to effectively manage the market, credit, operative and regulatory risk of its commodities portfolios. In addition to the oversight role performed by the Risk Management Committee, the Board has delegated certain authority, subject to various term/tenor and dollar value thresholds, to the Company s Commitments Committee as further set forth in the Company s Commitments Policy. The Board periodically reviews and revises the delegation of authority thresholds to appropriately balance business needs and its oversight function. Information Security Risk Oversight The Sustainability and Risk Committee of the Board has oversight responsibility over the Company s Information Security program. Ms. Lagacy, with extensive cybersecurity experience, is lead director on behalf of the Board to interface and coordinate with the CIO on cybersecurity reports to the Board. The Company has a dedicated CIO who ensures Information Security is built into the Company s larger technology strategy and oversees the CISO. The CISO and his Information Security team are responsible for leading the enterprise-wide Information Security strategy, policy, standards, architecture and processes. Our Cyber Incident Response Teams under the CISO are responsible for monitoring and analyzing the Company s cybersecurity posture in partnership with the Company s risk and legal departments. The CIO and CISO collaborate with our internal audit department and external consultants to review information technology-related risks (based upon the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework) as part of the overall Vistra cyber risk management process. For further information on oversight and details of the Company s Information Security program, see Part I, Item 1C Cybersecurity of our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is included in our Annual Report. Executive Compensation and Oversight of Risks Related to Compensation Policies The primary responsibilities of the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee are to: determine and oversee the compensation philosophy, objectives, and program of the Company and our subsidiaries, including making recommendations to the Board with respect to the adoption, amendment or termination of executive compensation and benefits plans, arrangements, policies and practices covering executives; evaluate the performance of the CEO; recommend the compensation of the CEO to the full Board and approve compensation of the executive officers (other than the CEO) and other senior officer-level direct reports of the CEO based on the evaluations of their performance; and oversee and monitor the Company s culture and core principles, including the human capital management strategy, inclusion and workforce development, and corporate citizenship practices. As described above, the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing risks related to our compensation policies, practices, and programs for all employees. To assist the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee with determining whether the Company s compensation policies and practices subject the Company to unnecessary risk or could potentially motivate employees to take excessive risk, the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee periodically evaluates, including seeking input from management and our independent compensation consultant, our compensation strategy to ensure: 2026 Proxy Statement 37 Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS base salaries are market-based and a sufficient component of total compensation to discourage risk taking; earnings goals under the Company s Annual Incentive Plan ( AIP ) are based upon the Company s audited financial statements and the Company believes that the goals are sufficiently rigorous but attainable without the need to take inappropriate risks or make material changes to the Company s business or strategy; executive officers who receive performance-based incentive awards under the AIP and the Vistra Corp. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended and restated, the 2016 Incentive Plan ) are required to reimburse the Company (commonly referred to as a clawback ) if the Company has to prepare an accounting restatement due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws; the Company uses awards under the 2016 Incentive Plan, such as the Performance Stock Unit ( PSU ) awards that are based in part upon factors that affect total stockholder return over three-year periods, which mitigates short-term risk taking; because incentive compensation has a large equity component, value is best realized through long-term appreciation of stockholder value, especially when coupled with the executive stock ownership guidelines, which expose those officers subject to the guidelines namely the President and CEO and each Executive Vice President to loss of the value of the retained equity if stock appreciation is jeopardized; and the use of incentive compensation components that are paid or vest over an extended period mitigates against unnecessary or excessive risk taking. STOCKHOLDER AND STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT We believe that regular, transparent communication with our stockholders and other stakeholders is essential to Vistra s long-term success. In advance of the 2026 Annual Meeting, we reached out to stockholders representing approximately 90% of our top 20 stockholders to offer meetings to discuss our strategy, corporate governance, sustainability initiatives, and other matters of interest to the investors. This was in addition to regular engagement year-round with members of our sustainability and investor relations team and management team, many of which involve our CEO and CFO and may periodically include the Chairman of our Board. Further, Vistra seeks to enhance its stakeholder engagement through various peer networking groups, trade associations, and sustainability-focused organizations that provide opportunities to discuss and research insights on best practices, industry trends, advancements in climate change technologies and disclosures, and human capital management initiatives, among others. We value the views of our stockholders and other stakeholders, and the input that we receive from them is a key consideration in our corporate governance practices. For example, informed in part by the dialogue and collaboration with our stockholders and other stakeholders in recent years, we: GOVERNANCE Amended our Bylaws to provide proxy access for stockholders Amended our charter and Bylaws to remove supermajority voting standards Assigned oversight of cybersecurity and deployment of artificial intelligence risk to Sustainability and Risk Committee Expanded Nuclear Oversight Committee to cover oversight of non-nuclear generation operation, and safety and environmental policies and performance and renamed to Generation and Safety Oversight Committee Continue to leverage Sustainability Governance Framework which ensures full Vistra Board and committee oversight of sustainability matters and initiatives Publish voluntary, annual report of Vistra s employee PAC contributions, corporate political contributions, and membership dues to trade organizations 38 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance SUSTAINABILITY Continue to disclose progress towards our GHG emissions reduction target for 2030 and maintain our net-zero target by 2050 (assuming necessary advancements in technology and supportive market constructs and public policy) Continue to responsibly transform our generation portfolio with a growing mix of nuclear, solar and natural gas assets. With more than 7,700 MW zero-carbon assets online, further planned growth of solar, battery storage and nuclear power is underway maintaining the reliability and affordability of electricity, and enhancing Vistra s long-term sustainability and resiliency Continue to leverage our Green Finance Framework with our recent BCOP credit facility to fund new renewable energy projects (Baldwin and Coffeen solar generation and battery assets and the Oak Hill and Pulaski solar generation assets) Updating our sustainability-related disclosures including our annual sustainability report leveraging revised GRI/SASB standards and our biennial Climate Report leveraging TCFD recommendations. Our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions inventory receive third-party assurance by an independent audit firm COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Adjusted the mix of LTI awards to increase performance stock units to represent 65% of each NEO s LTI award Continue to evaluate and implement adjustments to the overall executive compensation program, focused on linking executive compensation with performance and stockholder value Continue the use of the long-term Adjusted Free Cash Flow before Growth per Share metric for PSUs Continue the use of metrics in our AIP scorecard to align management s compensation with the Company s financial and operating performance goals Evaluated the Company s human capital management strategy and implemented many initiatives to ensure a workforce with employees who are engaged, have numerous development and training opportunities, and are offered generous benefits and wellness programs COMMUNICATIONS WITH DIRECTORS Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with the directors individually or as a group, including all non-management or independent directors and the Chairman of the Board, by writing to them c/o the Corporate Secretary of the Company, 6555 Sierra Drive, Irving, Texas 75039. The Company s Corporate Secretary will review each communication received from stockholders and other interested parties and will forward the communication, as expeditiously as reasonably practicable, to the addressees if the communication is substantial or material and falls within the scope of matters generally considered by the Board. To the extent the subject matter of a communication relates to matters that have been delegated by the Board to a Committee or to an executive officer of the Company, then the Company s Corporate Secretary may forward the communication to the executive officer of the Company or the chair of the Committee to which the matter has been delegated. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS The Company maintains certain corporate governance documents on our website at www.vistracorp.com . The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters of the standing Committees of the Board, including the Audit Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Social Responsibility and Compensation Committee, the Sustainability and Risk Committee, and the Generation and Safety Oversight Committee, in each case as currently in effect, can be accessed by selecting the tab labeled Governance on the home page of the Company s website. 2026 Proxy Statement 39 Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS The Company s Code of Conduct that applies to the Company s employees, officers, including both the CEO and CFO, and directors, is also available on the Company s website. In accordance with SEC regulations, any amendments to the Code of Conduct will be posted on the Company s website. The Board has adopted a written policy regarding transactions with related parties, which is included in the Corporate Governance Guidelines available on the Company s website. Printed copies of the corporate governance documents that are posted on the Company s website are also available to any stockholder upon request to the Corporate Secretary of the Company, 6555 Sierra Drive, Irving, Texas 75039. CODE OF CONDUCT Our Code of Conduct applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. The key principles of this code include acting legally and ethically, notifying appropriate persons upon becoming aware of issues, obtaining confidential advice and dealing fairly with our stakeholders. A copy of our Code of Conduct is available on the Company s website at www.vistracorp.com/code-of-conduct . COMPLAINT AND REPORTING PROCEDURES FOR ACCOUNTING AND AUDITING MATTERS Our Whistleblower Policy provides for (1) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints, questions, and concerns regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, financial reporting, auditing matters, or compliance with federal laws and (2) the confidential, anonymous submission of complaints, questions, and concerns by employees regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters, in each case relating to Vistra. Complaints may be made anonymously through an Ethics and Compliance Helpline telephone number or website, operated by an independent third party. Complaints received are logged by our Chief Compliance Officer, reviewed and investigated by Internal Audit, and, if applicable, our Chief Compliance Officer, and communicated to our Audit Committee. In accordance with applicable law, the Whistleblower Policy and other procedures we use to address complaints prohibits retaliation, in any form, against an employee submitting a good faith complaint, question or concern. A copy of our Whistleblower Policy is available on the Company s website at www.vistracorp.com/corporate-governance . BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS POLICY As set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board has adopted a written policy relating to the approval of transactions with related persons. In general, for purposes of our policy, a related party transactio