=== VST_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, and Results of Operations in this annual report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks only at the date on which it is made, and except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict them. In addition, we may be unable to assess the impact of any such event or condition or the extent to which any such event or condition, or combination of events or conditions, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statement. As such, you should not unduly rely on such forward-looking statements. INDUSTRY AND MARKET INFORMATION Certain industry and market data and other statistical information used throughout this report are based on independent industry publications, government publications, reports by market research firms or other published independent sources, including certain data published by CAISO, ERCOT, ISO-NE, MISO, NYISO, PJM, the environmental regulatory bodies of states in which we operate, and NYMEX. We did not commission any of these publications, reports or other sources. Some data is also based on good faith estimates, which are derived from our review of internal surveys, as well as the independent sources listed above. Industry publications, reports, and other sources generally state that they have obtained information from sources believed to be reliable, but do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of such information. While we believe that each of these studies, publications, reports, and other sources is reliable, we have not independently investigated or verified the information contained or referred to therein and make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. Forecasts are particularly likely to be inaccurate, especially over long periods of time, and we do not know what assumptions were used in preparing such forecasts. Statements regarding industry and market data and other statistical information used throughout this report involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors. vii VISTRA CORP. PART I Item 1. BUSINESS References in this report to "we," "our," "us," and "the Company" are to Vistra and/or its subsidiaries, as apparent in the context. See Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations for defined terms. General Vistra is an integrated retail electricity and power generation company that provides essential power resources to customers, businesses, and communities from California to Maine. We combine an innovative, customer-centric approach to retail sales with safe, reliable, diverse, and efficient power generation. Our integrated power generation and wholesale operation allows us to efficiently obtain the electricity needed to serve our customers at the lowest cost. The integrated model enables us to structure products and contracts in a way that offers significant value compared to stand-alone retail electric providers. The Company brings its products and services to market in 18 states and the District of Columbia, including all major competitive wholesale power markets in the U.S. We serve approximately 5 million residential, commercial, and industrial retail customers with electricity and natural gas. Our generation fleet totals approximately 44,000 megawatts of generation capacity powered by a diverse portfolio, including natural gas, nuclear, coal, solar, and battery energy storage facilities. Market Discussion The operations of Vistra are aligned into five reportable business segments: (i) Retail, (ii) Texas, (iii) East, (iv) West, and (v) Asset Closure. Our Texas, East, and West segments include our electricity generation operations, and our Asset Closure segment is engaged in the decommissioning and reclamation of retired generation facilities, including mines, and battery removal and remediation activities. See Note 21 to the Financial Statements for additional information. Retail Operations Vistra is one of the largest competitive residential retail electricity providers in the U.S. Our retail operations are engaged in retail sales of electricity, natural gas, and related services to approximately 5 million customers. Substantially all of our retail activities are conducted by TXU Energy, Ambit Energy, Dynegy Energy Services, Homefield Energy, Energy Harbor, and U.S. Gas Electric across 16 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. The largest portion of our retail operations are in Texas, where we provide retail electricity to approximately 2.6 million customers. Our TXU Energy brand, which has been used to sell electricity to customers in the competitive retail electricity market in Texas for over 20 years, is registered and protected by trademark law. We also own the trade names for Ambit Energy, Dynegy Energy Services, Homefield Energy, TriEagle Energy, Public Power, and U.S. Gas Electric. We believe that we have differentiated ourselves by providing a distinctive customer experience predicated on delivering reliable and innovative power products and solutions to our customers, including 100% wind and solar options, as well as thermostats, dashboards, and other programs designed to encourage reduced electricity consumption and increased energy efficiency. Our distinctive power products give our customers choice, convenience, and control over how and when they use electricity and related services. Electricity Generation Operations Vistra is one of the largest competitive power generators in the U.S. as measured by MWh of generation capacity. At December 31, 2025, our generating capacity was powered by the following fuels and technologies: Primary Fuel Technology Net Capacity (MW) % of Net Capacity Natural Gas CCGT, CT or ST 26,989 62% Coal ST 8,743 20% Uranium Nuclear 6,448 15% Renewable Solar/Battery 1,274 3% Fuel Oil CT 187 % Total 43,641 100% 1 VISTRA CORP. Our natural gas-fueled generation fleet is comprised of 28 CCGT generation facilities totaling 22,167 MW and 12 peaking generation facilities totaling 4,822 MW. We satisfy our fuel requirements at these facilities through a combination of spot market and near-term purchase contracts. Additionally, we have near-term natural gas transportation agreements and natural gas storage agreements in place to ensure fleet reliability. Our coal/lignite-fueled generation fleet is comprised of seven generation facilities totaling 8,743 MW of generation capacity. We meet our fuel requirements at our coal-fueled generation facilities in PJM and MISO with coal purchased from multiple suppliers under contracts of various lengths and transported to the facilities by either railcar or barges. We meet our fuel requirements in ERCOT using lignite that we mine at our generation facilities and coal purchased and transported by railcar. We own and operate six nuclear generation units at four different facilities: Unit ISO Net Capacity (MW) Refueling Outage Frequency License Expiration Date Comanche Peak Unit 1 ERCOT 1,200 18 Months 2050 Comanche Peak Unit 2 ERCOT 1,200 18 Months 2053 Beaver Valley Unit 1 PJM 939 18 Months 2036 Beaver Valley Unit 2 PJM 933 18 Months 2047 Perry PJM 1,268 24 Months 2046 Davis-Besse PJM 908 24 Months 2037 Total 6,448 Nuclear units are generally operated at full capacity. Refueling (nuclear fuel assembly replacement) outages for each unit are scheduled to occur during the spring or fall off-peak demand periods. While one unit is undergoing a refueling outage at dual-unit facilities, the remaining unit is intended to operate at full capacity. During a refueling outage, other maintenance, modification, and testing activities are completed that cannot be accomplished when the unit is in operation. We have nuclear fuel contracted to support all of our refueling needs through 2030. We do not anticipate any significant difficulties in acquiring uranium and contracting for associated conversion, enrichment, and fabrication services in the foreseeable future. We continue to take affirmative action by building strategic inventory and deploying mitigating strategies in our procurement portfolio to ensure we can secure the nuclear fuel needed to continue to operate our nuclear facilities through potential Russian supply disruption. Our generation operations by segment are represented in the following table: Segment Net Capacity (MW) % of Net Capacity ISO/RTO Texas 19,858 46% ERCOT East 22,254 51% PJM, ISO-NE, MISO, and NYISO West 1,529 3% CAISO Total 43,641 100% Wholesale Operations Our wholesale commodity risk management group is responsible for dispatching our generation fleet in response to market needs after implementing portfolio optimization strategies, thus linking and integrating the generation fleet production with our retail customer and wholesale sales opportunities. Market demand, also known as load, faced by electric power systems, such as those we operate in, varies from moment to moment as a result of changes in business and residential demand, which is often driven by weather. Unlike most other commodities, the production and consumption of electricity must remain balanced on an instantaneous basis. There is a certain baseline demand for electricity across an electric power system that occurs throughout the day, which is typically satisfied by baseload generation units with low variable operating costs. Baseload generation units can also increase output to satisfy certain incremental demand and reduce output when demand is unusually low. Intermediate/load-following generation units, which can more efficiently change their output to satisfy increases in demand, typically satisfy a large proportion of changes in intraday load as they respond to daily increases in demand or unexpected changes in supply created by reduced generation from renewable resources or other generator outages. Peak daily loads may be satisfied by peaking units. Peaking units are typically the most expensive to operate, but they can quickly start up and shut down to meet brief peaks in demand. In general, baseload units, intermediate/load following units, and peaking units are dispatched into the ISO/RTO grid in order from lowest to highest variable cost. Price formation is typically based on the highest variable cost unit that clears the market to satisfy system demand at a given point in time. 2 VISTRA CORP. Our commodity risk management group enters into electricity, natural gas, and other commodity derivative contracts to reduce exposure to price fluctuations with the goal of reducing volatility of future revenues and fuel costs for our generation facilities and purchased power costs for our Retail segment. Independent System Operators (ISOs) and Regional Transmission Organizations (RTOs) ISOs and RTOs manage the transmission infrastructure and markets across regions, separate from our operations. They dispatch generation facilities, ensuring efficient and reliable transmission system operation. ISOs/RTOs administer short-term energy and ancillary service markets, typically day-ahead and real-time, and some also manage long-term planning reserves through various capacity markets. They impose bid and price limits in wholesale power markets. NERC regions, which are responsible for enforcing mandatory electric reliability standards applicable to generation owners and operators, and ISOs/RTOs often have different geographic footprints, and while there may be geographic overlap between NERC regions and ISOs/RTOs, their respective roles and responsibilities do not generally overlap. An independent market monitor continually monitors ISO and RTO markets to ensure a robust, competitive market and to identify improper behavior by any entity. In centrally dispatched market structures (e.g., ERCOT, PJM, ISO-NE, NYISO, MISO, CAISO), all generators receive the same price for energy based on the bid price of the last MWh needed to balance supply and demand. Prices vary within different zones due to transmission losses and congestion. For example, if a less efficient natural gas unit is needed to meet demand, its offer price sets the market clearing price for all dispatched generation in that market, regardless of other units' offer prices. Generators receive the location-based marginal price for their output. ERCOT ERCOT is an ISO that manages the flow of electricity from approximately 83,707 MW of 2025 peak demand to approximately 27 million Texas customers, representing approximately 90% of the state's electric load. Transactions in ERCOT take place in two key markets: the day-ahead market and the real-time market. The day-ahead market is a voluntary, financial electricity market conducted the day before each operating day in which generators and purchasers of electricity may bid for one or more hours of electricity supply or consumption. The real-time market is a physical market in which electricity and ancillary services awards are determined and priced in five-minute intervals based on the least-cost dispatch respecting transmission constraints. The day-ahead market provides market participants with visibility into where prices are expected to clear, and the prices are not impacted by subsequent events. Conversely, the real-time market exposes purchasers to the risk of transient operational events and price spikes. These two markets allow market participants to manage their risk profile by adjusting their participation in each market. Unlike regions that maintain minimum planning reserve margins through regulated resource planning, mandatory capacity requirements, or centralized capacity markets, ERCOT relies primarily on energy-market price signals to incentivize investment in and availability of generation resources. Prices in ERCOT are determined through marginal pricing, meaning the cost of the last resource needed to balance supply and demand establishes the market price for all dispatched generation at a given location, subject to transmission congestion and losses. Outside of periods of scarcity, wholesale electricity prices in ERCOT typically reflect the relative amount of renewable generation on the system and the associated need for thermal generation. When renewable generation is abundant relative to demand, prices are set by either renewable resources or low-cost thermal resources. When renewable generation is low relative to demand, prices are set by natural gas fueled generation facilities or energy storage. ERCOT's Operating Reserve Demand Curve (ORDC) was a scarcity pricing mechanism under which wholesale electricity prices in the real-time market would increase as available operating reserves declined, historically allowing prices to rise to the system-wide offer cap during periods of low reserves. With the implementation of real-time co-optimization in December 2025, the ORDC was replaced by individual ancillary service demand curves (ASDCs) that are designed to mimic the operation of the ORDC. Because ERCOT has one of the highest concentrations of wind and solar capacity generation and battery energy storage among U.S. markets, the ERCOT market is more susceptible to fluctuations in wholesale electricity supply due to intermittent wind and solar production and state of charge limitation from battery energy storage. Periods of extreme weather, including prolonged high temperatures during summer months or severe cold during winter months, can materially increase electricity demand and reduce available generation, particularly when combined with variability in renewable output, making ERCOT more vulnerable to periods of generation scarcity. Large load flexibility during high demand periods could be an important mechanism to maintain reliability. In 2025, the Texas legislature passed Senate Bill 6 (SB 6) that requires certain co-located large loads and some front-of-the-meter large loads to provide load flexibility during emergencies. SB 6 requires these load curtailments to not interfere with energy price formation. 3 VISTRA CORP. ERCOT uses ancillary services to maintain system reliability, including regulation service, responsive reserve service, ERCOT contingency reserve service, and non-spinning reserve service. These ancillary services are provided by generators, energy storage, and qualified loads to help maintain the stable voltage and frequency requirements of the transmission system and to create operating reserves to manage load and intermittent resource output uncertainty. Under real-time co-optimization, as energy prices rise ERCOT will go short on ancillary services based on the ASDCs, converting that reserve capacity to energy and reflecting that scarcity value in energy prices. ERCOT is developing a proposed ancillary service, the Dispatchable Reliability Reserve Service (DRRS), to address inter-hour operations challenges, reduce the use of reliability unit commitments, and support the reliability standard. While stakeholders have disagreed on the degree to which DRRS should support the reliability standard, in December 2024, the PUCT expressed a preference to have ERCOT develop DRRS so it can both address operational issues and be flexible to help address resource adequacy issues without significant additional effort. ERCOT is continuing work on DRRS, and it has not been implemented and remains subject to ongoing stakeholder review and regulatory approval. ERCOT also applies safeguards designed to moderate the duration and impact of sustained high prices. The "peaker net margin" is based on revenues a hypothetical unhedged peaking unit with perfect commitment would collect in the market. If the peaker net margin exceeds a threshold of three-times the Cost of New Entry (CONE) reference price, the maximum point on each ASDC is reduced to the low system-wide offer cap of $2,000/MWh for the remainder of the calendar year. Additionally, the PUCT approved an Emergency Pricing Program that temporarily lowers the system-wide offer cap to $2,000/MWh if prices have been at the cap for 12 hours in a rolling 24-hour period. PJM PJM is an RTO that manages the flow of electricity from approximately 160,709 MW of peak 2025 demand to approximately 67 million customers in all or parts of Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. Like ERCOT, PJM administers markets for wholesale electricity and provides transmission planning for the region, utilizing a locational marginal pricing (LMP) methodology which calculates a price for every generator and load point within PJM. PJM operates day-ahead and real-time markets into which generators can bid to provide energy and ancillary services. Offers into the energy markets are capped at $1,000/MWh unless a resource can cost justify an offer above $1,000/MWh. Cost-justified offers between $1,000/MWh and $2,000/MWh can set the energy price. Cost-justified energy offers above $2,000/MWh cannot set the energy price, but resources will get cost recovery for verified costs above $2,000/MWh. PJM also administers a forward capacity auction, the Reliability Pricing Model (RPM), which establishes a long-term market for capacity. The price of capacity is determined in part by a capacity demand curve that is reviewed every four years. The capacity demand curve establishes a maximum price for capacity. PJM proposed and FERC approved an administrative price ceiling below the maximum price for capacity, for capacity delivery years 2026-2027 and 2027-2028. In February 2026, PJM announced that it would propose to extend the administrative price cap for delivery years 2028-2029 and 2029-2030. That proposal is subject to FERC approval. The Trump administration and PJM state governors have proposed that PJM conduct a reliability backstop auction on a one-time basis in September 2026 to procure new generation to close the resource adequacy gap. PJM is working with stakeholders to develop the design for the reliability backstop auction and expects to file the design with FERC by May 2026. Any design will be subject to FERC approval. We have participated in RPM auctions up to and including PJM's planning year 2027-2028, which ends May 31, 2028. We also enter into bilateral capacity transactions, with other PJM market participants, including load-serving entities and generation owners, to manage capacity obligations, pricing exposure, and portfolio risk. In December 2025, FERC determined that PJM needs to update its market rules to facilitate large loads co-locating with generation resources. These new rules require PJM to develop new transmission service products that allow co-located large loads to select a transmission service that matches the co-located large loads actual use of the transmission system. These new rules also require co-located loads to pay for some ancillary services on a gross basis. PJM is working with stakeholders to develop these new transmission services. Overall, we believe these new rules will remove regulatory uncertainty for co-location arrangements. ISO-NE ISO-NE is an ISO that manages the flow of electricity from approximately 30,600 MW of winter generation capacity to approximately 15 million customers in the states of Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Maine. 4 VISTRA CORP. ISO-NE dispatches power plants to meet system energy and reliability needs and settles physical power deliveries at LMPs. Its energy markets allow market participants to buy and sell energy and ancillary services at prices established through real-time and day-ahead auctions. Energy prices vary among the locations in ISO-NE and are largely influenced by transmission constraints, the cost of one of the ancillary services, and fuel supply. ISO-NE's day-ahead ancillary services market structures each ancillary service as an option contract so that resources selling day-ahead ancillary services settle against a real-time strike price, thereby providing strong incentives for those resources to be capable of providing energy in real time. In addition, the cost of Energy Imbalance Reserves, the day-ahead ancillary service designed to ensure adequate physical supply to meet forecast demand, is added to the energy price paid to all physical resources with a day-ahead energy schedule. ISO-NE offers the Forward Capacity Market where capacity prices are determined through auctions currently run three years prior to the capacity delivery year. In January 2026, ISO-NE submitted to FERC a proposal to transition to a prompt capacity market for the delivery year starting in June 2028. That filing is pending FERC action. Performance incentive rules have the potential to increase capacity payments for those resources that are providing excess energy or reserves during a shortage event, while penalizing those that produce less than the required level. NYISO NYISO is an ISO that manages the flow of electricity from approximately 37,700 MW of installed summer generation capacity to approximately 20 million New York customers. NYISO dispatches power plants to meet system energy and reliability needs and settles physical power deliveries at LMPs. Its energy markets allow market participants to buy and sell energy and ancillary services at prices established through real-time and day-ahead auctions. Energy prices vary among the regional zones and locations in the NYISO and are largely influenced by transmission constraints and fuel supply. NYISO offers the Installed Capacity Market, a forward capacity market where capacity prices are determined through auctions. Strip auctions occur one to two months prior to the commencement of a six-month seasonal planning period. Subsequent auctions provide an opportunity to sell excess capacity for the balance of the seasonal planning period or the upcoming month. Due to the short-term nature of the NYISO-operated capacity auctions and a relatively liquid bilateral market for NYISO capacity products, we sell a significant portion of our NYISO capacity through bilateral transactions. The balance is cleared through the seasonal and monthly capacity auctions. MISO MISO is an RTO that manages the flow of electricity from approximately 207,000 MW of installed generation capacity to approximately 45 million customers in all or parts of Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Arkansas, Mississippi, Texas, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota, and Manitoba, Canada. MISO dispatches power plants to meet system energy and reliability needs and settles physical power deliveries at LMPs. Its energy markets allow market participants to buy and sell energy and ancillary services at prices established through real-time and day-ahead auctions. Energy prices vary among the regional zones and locations in MISO and are largely influenced by transmission constraints and fuel supply. MISO administers Planning Resource Auctions to procure capacity for future planning periods. These auctions were historically conducted on an annual basis and have transitioned to a seasonal structure. We participate in these auctions with capacity that has not been committed through bilateral or retail transactions. We also participate in MISO's annual and monthly financial transmission rights auctions to manage exposure to transmission congestion, as reflected in the congestion component of locational marginal price differentials between points on the transmission grid. CAISO CAISO is an ISO that manages the flow of electricity to approximately 32 million customers primarily in California, representing approximately 80% percent of the state's electric load. Energy is priced in CAISO utilizing an LMP methodology. The capacity market is comprised of Generic, Flexible, and Local Resource Adequacy (RA) Capacity, which is administered by the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC). Unlike other centrally cleared capacity markets, the resource adequacy markets in California are primarily bilaterally traded markets. Mechanisms to trade RA include through (i) the CPUC central procurement entity which runs a pay-as-bid auction for Local RA Capacity, (ii) a voluntary capacity auction run by CAISO for annual, monthly, and intra-month procurement to cover for deficiencies in the market, and (iii) the voluntary Competitive Solicitation Process, which is a modification to the Capacity Procurement Mechanism (CPM). 5 VISTRA CORP. Competition Competition in the markets in which we operate is impacted by electricity and fuel prices, congestion along the power grid, subsidies provided by state and federal governments for new and existing generation facilities, including renewables generation and battery ESS, new market entrants, construction of new generation assets, technological advances in power generation, the actions of environmental and other regulatory authorities, and other factors. We primarily compete with other electricity generators and retailers based on our ability to generate electric supply, market and sell electricity at competitive prices, and efficiently utilize transportation from third-party pipelines and transmission from electric utilities to deliver electricity to end-users. Competitors in the generation and retail power markets in which we participate include numerous regulated utilities, industrial companies, non-utility generators, competitive subsidiaries of regulated utilities, independent power producers, REPs, and other energy marketers. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information concerning the risks faced with respect to the markets in which we operate. Business Strategy Vistra is one of the largest producers of power in deregulated markets in the U.S. with annual expected generation of over 230 TWh as of December 31, 2025. Vistra is guided by four core principles: We do business the right way. Every decision we make and action we take will be a testament to the utmost integrity and compliance. Conducting our daily activities within the laws, regulations, and rules is not an option we choose but rather the way we do business that is ingrained in our culture. We work as a team. We work together on everything we do to support the success of the Company. Collaboration, information sharing, and cross-functional teamwork are fundamental to how we conduct our day-to-day activities. We compete to win. We have an unmatched work ethic, an analysis-driven and disciplined culture, and strong leadership and decision-making throughout the organization. We care about our key stakeholders. We care about our employees, our customers, and the communities where we live and do business. We will maintain productive and respectful relationships with our elected officials, regulators, and community leaders. We strive to achieve the full value of our enterprise for our investors. To align with our four core principles, our focus is on the execution of our strategic priorities as follows: Long-term, attractive earnings profile through the integrated business model. Our integrated business model distinguishes us from our electricity competitors as it combines our reliable and efficient diversified generation fleet totaling approximately 44,000 MW of capacity, with our commercial operations, including commodity risk management capabilities, and our best-in-class retail energy platform. We believe integrating retail with power generation stands as a fundamental competitive advantage that mitigates the impact of commodity price fluctuations and enhances the stability and predictability of our cash flows. Further, execution of large load offtake opportunities, including under long-term power purchase or offtake agreements, underwrite higher base profitability in the future. Disciplined capital allocation. We strive to make thoughtful decisions when allocating our free cash flow to balance growth opportunities with returning capital to our stakeholders through share repurchases, dividends, and debt reduction. Maintaining a resilient balance sheet. We seek to manage our financial leverage by maintaining a strong balance sheet which ensures our access to diverse sources of liquidity. We believe this provides financial flexibility for our capital allocation decisions, including executing on organic growth opportunities, engaging in mergers and acquisitions, opportunistic debt reduction, or returning capital to our stockholders. Strategic energy transition that supports the reliability, affordability, and sustainability of the electric grid. As one of the largest electricity generators in the U.S., Vistra has led the way in decarbonization efforts and is committed to sustainability, setting aggressive targets, and transitioning our fleet to low-to-no carbon resources, all while balancing our obligations to our stakeholders. While the way we generate electricity may be changing, our essential role in providing reliable and affordable electricity is not. 6 VISTRA CORP. Human Capital Resources Vistra's approach to human capital management, like every other decision we make and action we take, is guided by our core principles. These principles apply to all employees, suppliers, and contractors and guide how we interact with our partner companies, communities, the environment and all other stakeholders. We aim to conduct all aspects of our business in accordance with these core principles. Vistra believes our most valuable asset is our talented, dedicated, and dynamic group of employees who work together to achieve our objectives, and our top priority is ensuring their safety. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 6,390 full-time employees, including approximately 1,860 employees under collective bargaining agreements. Safety Vistra's mindset around safety is exemplified by our motto: Best Defense. Everyone wins. No one gets hurt. Our safety culture revolves around people and human performance. We place a high importance on continuous improvement, along with a keen focus on numerous learning and error-prevention tools. To facilitate a learning environment, our various operating plants share their investigations and learnings of all safety events with all operations employees on weekly calls. The information is presented by front-line employees and supported by management. The lessons from each event are shared across the fleet to prevent similar incidents at other locations. All personnel at Vistra locations are encouraged to be actively involved in the safety process. Managers are required to participate in safety engagements with staff to enable constant communication and sustained interaction. In 2025, the generation fleet conducted more than 99,000 leadership safety engagements across the fleet continuing our employee driven safety program focused on engagement of all employees. Our focus on reducing the severity of injuries for both our employees and contractors who work with us has shown positive results. Since the implementation of our Best Defense safety program, the number of serious injuries or fatalities has decreased significantly. Although we do not focus on recordable incidents, our Total Recordable Incident rate (TRIR) for company employees was 0.52, in the top quartile as compared to the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) 2024 Total Company Injury Data for companies of comparable size. We encourage near-miss reporting and review of events to promote a learning environment. In 2025, safety learning calls were held every week where near-miss and safety events were reviewed by our operating teams to promote learning across the fleet. All Vistra employees are covered by our safety program. Corporate and retail employees are required to complete periodic training on safety topics through our online learning management system. Employees who are located at a power plant are required to complete trainings based on job function, which is also tracked through our central learning management system. In addition, the Company engages an independent third-party conformity assessment and certification vendor to manage adherence to our safety standards for all vendors and contractors who work at our plants. In addition, we work closely with our suppliers and contractors to ensure our safety practices are upheld. All of our power plant facilities have effective health and safety programs and comply with OSHA regulations. In addition to compliance, our generation fleet has a total of 14 plants that have been awarded the Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) Star designation by the OSHA for superior demonstration of effective safety and health management systems and for maintaining injury and illness rates below the national averages for our industry. Our Masspower generation facility completed a VPP reevaluation and was recommended to continue as VPP Star in 2025. Our Masspower generation facility has been in the VPP Star program continuously since 1997. Our Fayette and Pleasants generation facilities submitted new applications for VPP status in 2025 and await evaluation from OSHA. VPP Star status is the highest designation of OSHA's Voluntary Protection Programs. The achievement recognizes employers and workers who have implemented effective safety and health management systems and maintain injury and illness rates below national Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) averages for their respective industries. These sites are self-sufficient in their ability to control workplace hazards and are reevaluated every three to five years. Additionally, 32 of our power plants and mine locations have adopted a proactive Behavior Based Safety approach to safety which focuses on identifying and providing feedback on at-risk behaviors observed. Our People Vistra aims to be a workplace of choice, and that means fostering a culture of teamwork that recognizes the value that each employee brings. Our workforce comes from the same communities we serve, bringing a range of perspectives, backgrounds, experiences, and expertise. Creating and maintaining an environment where our employees are able to do their best work and are appreciated for their contributions enhances our ability to recruit and retain the best talent in the marketplace. 7 VISTRA CORP. Vistra invests in the communities where our employees and customers live and work. This investment is through both corporate giving and volunteerism. Employees have ample opportunities to give back through corporate initiatives like our Trees For Growth tree-planting program and our seasonal Beat the Heat Winter Warmth initiatives, along with other employee-led initiatives like Energy in Action, and collaborations with many community agencies across the country, such as United Way. Another way we engage with our communities is through our supply chain initiative, which seeks to create a dynamic supply chain that identifies suppliers of all sizes and across our markets that are able to provide quality products and services to the business. Training and Development We believe the development of employees at all levels is critical to Vistra's current and future success. We have launched key programs to develop leaders at all levels of the organization. We offer a variety of courses and programs targeted from front-line supervisors to senior leaders at Vistra. Each leader may select development opportunities based on their individualized needs. Vistra's Essentials of Leadership provides new managers with skills to lead organizations in situational leadership, business acumen, and exposes them to best practices from across the Company. We continue to evaluate and refine our programs as the development needs of our employees change. In 2025 we created new content to develop executive presence and communication for leaders. We have a continued focus on providing targeted development to grow leaders internally and build a pipeline for succession planning. Vistra also provides many other training and development programs to help grow and develop employees at every level, including online learning platform courses, learning management system courses, recorded webinars and presentations, self-paced development and employee-specific skill training. The Vistra Learning Community is our online platform that strategically supports employees in completing thousands of hours of professional training to support continuing education requirements for their respective professional licenses, including accounting, legal and nuclear. In 2025, Vistra continued its formal mentoring program available to all employees to focus on topics like organizational knowledge, career development, individual development, collaboration and leadership. Over 260 employees participated in 2025. In addition, all full-time employees, other than those in a collective bargaining unit, receive a formal performance review guiding development and improving results of the business. Employee Benefits Maintaining attractive benefits and pay are important for recruiting and retaining talent. We are committed to maintaining an equitable compensation structure, including performing annual salary reviews by employee category level within significant locations of operations. Eligible full- and part-time employees are provided access to medical, prescription drug, dental, vision, life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment, long-term disability coverage, accident coverage, critical illness coverage and hospital indemnity coverage. Regular full-time employees are eligible for short-term disability benefits, and all employees are eligible for the employee assistance program, parental leave, maternity leave and a 401(k) plan through which the Company matches employee contributions up to 6%. Wellness We believe a healthy workforce leads to greater well-being at work and at home. To help keep our workforce healthy, we offer access to on-site medical clinics at five locations. Our healthcare plans are also designed to reward employees for getting annual physicals, age and gender health screenings and immunizations. In addition, our employee medical plans promote mental health and emotional wellness and offer resources for employees seeking assistance. Fitness centers in multiple facilities offer cardio equipment, a selection of free weights and exercise mats. Our employee-led wellness team engages our people to get active and support causes that promote healthy living. With support from the Company, the wellness team covers the registration costs for employees to participate in running and cycling events throughout the year. 8 VISTRA CORP. Environmental Regulations and Related Considerations We are subject to extensive environmental regulation by governmental authorities, including the EPA and the environmental regulatory bodies of states in which we operate. The EPA has finalized or proposed several regulatory actions establishing new requirements for control of certain emissions from sources, including electricity generation facilities. However, in January 2025, President Trump issued a series of executive orders, including an order titled Unleashing American Energy (the Order) that ordered that all federal agencies are to review all existing regulations, orders, and other actions for consistency with the administration's policy goals, and develop an action plan within 30 days to resolve any policy inconsistencies. The Order requires the EPA to review the GHG, CSAPR, Legacy CCR, and ELG rules discussed below. Additionally, the Order states the U.S. Attorney General may request a stay of the litigation involving these rules while the EPA conducts its reviews. In addition to that Order, in April 2025, President Trump issued a series of additional executive orders on energy and deregulation priorities for his administration. We will monitor implementation and any agency actions related to those and other executive orders. See Item 1A. Risk Factors and Note 18 to the Financial Statements for additional information. Climate Change There is continuing interest from our stakeholders domestically and internationally on global climate change and how GHG emissions, such as CO 2 , contribute to global climate change. GHG emissions from the combustion of fossil fuels, primarily by our coal-fueled-generation plants as well as our natural gas-fueled generation plants represent the substantial majority of our total GHG emissions. CO 2 , methane and nitrous oxide are emitted in this combustion process, with CO 2 representing the largest portion of these GHG emissions. We estimate that our generation facilities produced approximately 102 million short tons of CO 2 in the year ended 2025. Vistra's carbon intensity for power generation improved from 0.48 short tons of CO 2 per MWh in 2024 to 0.47 short tons of CO 2 per MWh in 2025. To manage our environmental impact from our business activities and reduce our emissions profile, Vistra set emissions reduction targets. Vistra is targeting to achieve a 60% reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO 2 equivalent emissions by 2030 as compared to a 2010 baseline with a long-term goal to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, assuming necessary advancements in technology and supportive market constructs and public policy. Since 2010, Vistra has retired more than 15,100 MW of coal and natural gas power plants resulting in a 46% reduction in CO 2 emissions, a 64% reduction in NO X emissions, and an 88% reduction in sulfur dioxide (SO 2 ) emissions through year-end 2025, compared to a 2010 baseline. Vistra also has targets validated through the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Our SBTi validated targets are to reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 58% by 2028 from a 2018 base year, reduce absolute scope 1 and 3 GHG emissions from all sold electricity 58% within the same timeframe, and reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions from use of sold products 42% within the same timeframe. The evolution of our generation portfolio is focused on ensuring reliability and affordability in the markets we serve with an emphasis on resilient dispatchable assets complemented by zero-carbon assets. We seek to serve our customers through a variety of generation sources, including efficient natural gas units, nuclear generation, renewables, and battery ESS, while we also continuously explore new technologies with lower carbon footprints. We have already taken or announced significant steps to transform our generation portfolio with the goal of maintaining reliability while also reducing the emissions intensity of our generation fleet, including: Acquisition of Nuclear Generation Facilities In 2024, we acquired Energy Harbor, including 4,048 MW of nuclear generation facilities in PJM. Acquisition of Natural Gas Generation Facilities In 2025, we acquired 2,557 MW of natural gas generation facilities in Delaware and Pennsylvania (PJM), Rhode Island (ISO-NE), New York (NYISO), and California (CAISO). Re-powered generation assets We intend to repower the Coleto Creek Power Plant in Texas and the Miami Fort Power Plant in Illinois to natural-gas fueled plants upon their retirements as coal-fueled facilities in 2027 and 2028, respectively. Uprated capacity at existing plants In January 2026, we announced plans to add 433 MW of uprate capacity from our Perry, Davis-Besse, and Beaver Valley nuclear power plants in PJM. Additional capacity has been added to existing natural gas plants through technological upgrades improving efficiency and overall fleet intensity. Battery Energy Storage Projects As of December 31, 2025, we owned battery ESS totaling 350 MW in California, 270 MW in Texas and 4 MW in Illinois. We have announced our plans to develop additional battery ESS in California and at retired or to-be-retired plant sites in Illinois. 9 VISTRA CORP. Solar Projects As of December 31, 2025, we owned solar generations facilities totaling 538 MW in Texas and 112 MW in Illinois. We have announced our plans to develop additional solar generation facilities in California and at retired or to-be retired plant sites in Illinois with expected commercial operation dates beginning in 2026. We will only invest in growth projects if we are confident in the expected returns. Greenhouse Gas Emissions (GHG) In May 2023, the EPA released a proposal regulating power plant GHG emissions, while also proposing to repeal the Affordable Clean Energy (ACE) rule that had been finalized by the EPA in July 2019. In May 2024, the EPA published a final GHG rule that repealed the ACE rule and sets limits for (a) new natural gas-fired combustion turbines and (b) existing coal-, oil- and natural gas-fired steam generation units. The standards are based on technologies such as carbon capture and sequestration/storage (CCS) and natural gas co-firing. Units permanently retiring by January 1, 2032 are exempt from the rule. Given our previously announced coal unit retirement commitments, our Martin Lake and Oak Grove plants are the only coal units that are subject to this rule. Our Graham, Lake Hubbard, Stryker Creek and Trinidad oil/natural gas facilities are also regulated under this rule. None of our existing large or small combustion turbines are subject to this rule. Following finalization of the rule in May 2024, 17 petitions for review from various states, industry groups, and companies were filed in the D.C. Circuit Court along with multiple motions to stay the rule. We are participating in an industry coalition challenging the rule. Oral argument on the merits of the legal challenges to the rule was held in December 2024 before the D.C. Circuit Court. The D.C. Circuit Court has granted the EPA's motion for an abeyance of the case and status reports are due at 90-day intervals. In June 2025, the EPA published a proposed repeal of GHG emission standards for fossil fuel-fired electric generation units, which could moot this case if the proposal is finalized and would result in no further federal regulation of GHGs at electric generating units. Additionally, in February 2026, the EPA issued a rule that repeals the agency's prior 2009 endangerment finding for all GHG emission standards for light-, medium-, and heavy-duty vehicles. The rescission of the endangerment finding does not impact power plants, however, the EPA has also stated that, for other rules that have relied on the endangerment finding, it intends to initiate other rulemakings to address any overlapping issues. Several environmental groups have filed a challenge to the EPA's repeal of the endangerment finding in the D.C. Circuit Court. State Regulation of GHGs Many states where we operate generation facilities have, are considering, or are in some stage of implementing, state-only regulatory programs intended to reduce emissions of GHGs from stationary sources as a means of addressing climate change. Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) RGGI is a state-driven GHG emission control program that took effect in 2009 and was initially implemented by ten New England and Mid-Atlantic states to reduce CO 2 emissions from power plants. The participating RGGI states implemented a cap-and-trade program. Compliance with RGGI can be achieved by reducing emissions, purchasing or trading allowances, or securing offset allowances from an approved offset project. We are required to hold allowances equal to at least 50 percent of emissions in each of the first two years of the three-year control period. In July 2025, the RGGI states completed their third program review and enacted changes to take effect in 2027-2037. Key changes include a tightened regional CO 2 annual cap with a 10.5% annual cap starting in 2027 through 2033, followed by a 3% reduction from 2034 to 2037, elimination of offsets, and higher, two-tiered costs containment reserves to manage price volatility. Our generation facilities in Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island emitted approximately 16 million short tons of CO 2 during 2025. The spot market price of RGGI allowances required to operate these facilities as of December 31, 2025 was approximately $25.86 per allowance. While the cost of allowances required to operate our RGGI-affected facilities is expected to increase in future years, we expect that the cost of compliance would be reflected in the power market, and the actual impact to gross margin would be largely offset by an increase in revenue. Massachusetts In August 2017, the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection (MassDEP) adopted final rules establishing an annual declining limit on aggregate CO 2 emissions from 21 in-state fossil-fueled electricity generation units. The rules establish an allowance trading system under which the annual aggregate electricity generation unit sector cap on CO 2 emissions declines from 8.96 million metric tons in 2018 to 1.8 million metric tons in 2050. MassDEP allocated emission allowances to affected facilities for 2018. Beginning in 2019, the allocation process transitioned to a competitive auction process whereby allowances are partially distributed through a competitive auction process and partially distributed based on the process and schedule established by the rule. Beginning in 2021, all allowances were distributed through the auction. Limited banking of unused allowances is allowed. 10 VISTRA CORP. Virginia In May 2019, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality issued a final rule to adopt a carbon cap-and trade program for fossil-fueled electricity generation units, including our Hopewell facility, beginning in 2020. The program is based on the RGGI proposed 2017 model rule and linked Virginia to RGGI in 2021. The former Governor of Virginia issued an executive order in January 2022 to begin the process of removing the state from RGGI. The Virginia State Pollution Control Board withdrew the state from RGGI at the end of 2023, coinciding with the end of the program's three-year compliance period and contract with RGGI, Inc. In August 2023, opponents of the state's action filed suit seeking a stay alleging withdrawal from RGGI is impermissible without new legislation. In November 2024, a state circuit court judge ruled that the removal of Virginia from RGGI was unlawful, but the state has moved to stay the circuit court's judgment. Virginia is not participating in RGGI at this time. In February 2026, following the 2025 election, legislation was introduced to have Virginia join RGGI. If this legislation becomes law, Virginia could join RGGI as early as the second half of 2026. New Jersey In January 2018, the Governor of New Jersey signed an executive order directing the state's environmental agency and public utilities board to begin the process of rejoining RGGI, and New Jersey formally rejoined RGGI in June 2019. In June 2019, New Jersey adopted two rules that govern New Jersey's reentry into the RGGI auction and distribution of the RGGI auction proceeds. Pennsylvania In April 2022, the Pennsylvania Environmental Quality Board finalized regulations that would establish Pennsylvania's participation in RGGI. However, in November 2025, legislation was enacted that removed Pennsylvania from RGGI. As a result, RGGI is not being implemented in Pennsylvania. California Our assets in California are subject to the California Global Warming Solutions Act, which required the California Air Resources Board (CARB) to develop a GHG emission control program to reduce emissions of GHGs in the state to 1990 levels by 2020. In April 2015, the Governor of California issued an executive order establishing a new statewide GHG reduction target of 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030 to ensure California meets its 2050 GHG reduction target of 80 percent below 1990 levels. We have participated in quarterly auctions or in secondary markets, as appropriate, to secure allowances for our affected assets. In July 2017, California enacted legislation extending its GHG cap-and-trade program through 2030 and the CARB adopted amendments to its cap-and-trade regulations that, among other things, established a framework for extending the program beyond 2020 and linking the program to the new cap-and-trade program in Ontario, Canada beginning in January 2018. Air Emissions The Clean Air Act (CAA) The CAA and comparable state laws and regulations relating to air emissions impose various responsibilities on owners and operators of sources of air emissions, which include requirements to obtain construction and operating permits, pay permit fees, monitor emissions, submit reports and compliance certifications, and keep records. The CAA requires that fossil-fueled electricity generation plants meet certain pollutant emission standards and have sufficient emission allowances to cover SO 2 emissions and in some regions NO X emissions. In order to ensure continued compliance with the CAA and related rules and regulations, we utilize various emission reduction technologies. These technologies include flue gas desulfurization (FGD) systems, dry sorbent injection (DSI), baghouses and activated carbon injection or mercury oxidation systems on select units and electrostatic precipitators, selective catalytic reduction (SCR) systems, low-NO X burners and/or overfire air systems on all units. Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) and Good Neighbor Plan In 2016, the EPA finalized the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Update (CSAPR Update) to address 22 states' obligations with respect to the 2008 ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS). In 2019, following challenges by numerous parties, the D.C. Circuit Court found that the CSAPR Update did not fully address certain states' 2008 ozone NAAQS obligations. In October 2020, the EPA proposed an action to address the outstanding 2008 ozone NAAQS obligations in response to the D.C. Circuit Court's 2019 ruling. The EPA published a final rule in the Federal Register on April 30, 2021 that reduces ozone season NO X budgets in certain states. We do not believe that the final rule causes a material adverse impact on our future financial results. 11 VISTRA CORP. In October 2015, the EPA revised the primary and secondary ozone NAAQS to lower the eight-hour standard for ozone emissions during ozone season (May to September), and, in October 2018, the State of Texas submitted a State Implementation Plan (SIP) to the EPA, which was then disapproved by the EPA in February 2023. The State of Texas, Luminant, certain trade groups, and others challenged that disapproval in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit (Fifth Circuit Court). In March 2025, the Fifth Circuit Court denied those petitions for review, but we and the State of Texas have filed petitions for rehearing of that decision. We do not expect any near-term impact to Texas sources from this decision. Based on policy recent pronouncements from the Trump administration, the new EPA is reevaluating its approach to these Good Neighbor SIPs in general. In April 2022, prior to the EPA's disapproval of Texas' SIP, the EPA proposed a Federal Implementation Plan (FIP) to address the 2015 ozone NAAQS. In March 2023, the EPA administrator signed its final FIP, called the Good Neighbor Plan (GNP). The FIP applied to 22 states beginning with the 2023 ozone seasons. States where Vistra operates generation units that would be subject to this rule are Illinois, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court granted a stay of the GNP FIP pending a review of the merits by the D.C. Circuit Court and any further appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. As a result, the GNP FIP is now stayed for all covered states until the courts resolve the legality of the FIP. In April 2025, the D.C. Circuit Court granted an abeyance of the case challenging the GNP FIP addressing interstate transport for all covered states while the EPA reviews the GNP FIP. In January 2026, the EPA proposed removing eight states (although none that we operate in) from the GNP FIP, and we expect the EPA will take additional action to reconsider other aspects of the GNP FIP in 2026. At this time, we do not know how these proposed changes could impact the overall trading program for any states that remain in the GNP FIP. Regional Haze Reasonable Progress and Best Available Retrofit Technology (BART) for Texas The Regional Haze Program of the CAA establishes "as a national goal the prevention of any future, and the remedying of any existing, impairment of visibility in mandatory class I federal areas which impairment results from man-made pollution". There are two components to the Regional Haze Program. First, states must establish goals for reasonable progress for Class I federal areas within the state and establish long-term strategies to reach those goals and to assist Class I federal areas in neighboring states to achieve reasonable progress set by those states towards a goal of natural visibility by 2064. Second, certain electricity generation units built between 1962 and 1977 are subject to BART standards designed to improve visibility if such units cause or contribute to impairment of visibility in a federal class I area. In October 2017, the EPA issued a final rule addressing BART for Texas electricity generation units, with the rule serving as a partial approval of Texas' 2009 SIP and a partial FIP. For SO 2 , the rule established an intrastate Texas emission allowance trading program as a "BART alternative" that operates in a similar fashion to a CSAPR trading program. In August 2020, the EPA issued a final rule affirming the prior BART final rule but also included additional revisions that were proposed in November 2019. In May 2023, a proposed BART rule was published in the Federal Register that would withdraw the trading program provisions of the prior rule and would establish SO 2 limits on six facilities in Texas, including Martin Lake and Coleto Creek. However, that proposal was never finalized during the Biden administration. In December 2025, the EPA issued a final rule for reasonable progress requirements that (a) approves portions of Texas' first planning period regional haze SIP and (b) approves Texas' second planning period regional haze SIP. Under the EPA's rule, no new controls are required. National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) The CAA requires the EPA to regulate emissions of pollutants considered harmful to public health and the environment. The EPA has established NAAQS for six such pollutants, including SO 2 and ozone. Each state is responsible for developing a SIP that will attain and maintain the NAAQS. These plans may result in the imposition of emission limits on our facilities. 12 VISTRA CORP. SO 2 Designations for Texas In November 2016, the EPA finalized nonattainment designations for SO 2 for counties surrounding our Martin Lake generation plant and our now retired Big Brown and Monticello plants. The final designations required Texas to develop nonattainment plans for these areas. In September 2021, the TCEQ considered a proposal for its nonattainment SIP revision for the Martin Lake area and an agreed order to reduce SO 2 emissions from the plant. The proposed agreed order associated with the SIP proposal reduced emission limits as of January 2022. Emission reductions required are those necessary to demonstrate attainment with the NAAQS. In February 2022, we and the TCEQ entered into an agreed order to reduce SO 2 emissions at the Martin Lake plant, and the TCEQ submitted the agreed order to the EPA as a SIP revision to address the nonattainment designation. We and the State of Texas had previously filed legal challenges in 2017 to the EPA's nonattainment designations in the Fifth Circuit Court. In May 2025, the Fifth Circuit Court held that the EPA's designations were unlawful, granted the petitions for review, and remanded the designation back to the EPA. In September 2025, the EPA issued a final rule withdrawing its Finding of Failure to Submit and Finding of Failure to Attain in light of the Fifth Circuit Court's May 2025 decision. Ozone Designations The EPA issued a final rule in October 2015 lowering the ozone NAAQS from 75 to 70 parts per billion. Areas surrounding our Dicks Creek, Miami Fort and Zimmer facilities in Ohio, our Calumet facility in Illinois and our Wise, Ennis and Midlothian facilities in Texas were designated marginal nonattainment areas in June 2018 by the EPA with an attainment deadline of August 2021. In June 2022, the areas surrounding our Ohio Dicks Creek and Miami Fort facilities were redesignated "attainment." The EPA redesignated the area around our Texas Wise, Ennis and Midlothian facilities to "moderate" in October 2022 and again "bumped up" the classification to serious in June 2024. Middlesex County in New Jersey, where our Sayreville facility is located, was designated a "moderate" nonattainment area. In July 2024, the state of New Jersey, in collaboration with the states of New York and Connecticut requested a voluntary bump up of the New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island nonattainment area, which includes Middlesex County where our Sayreville facility is located. States will be required to develop SIPs to address emissions in areas with a higher (more stringent) classification. Coal Combustion Residuals (CCR)/Groundwater The combustion of coal to generate electric power creates large quantities of ash and byproducts that are managed at power generation facilities in dry form in landfills and in wet form in surface impoundments. Each of our coal-fueled plants has at least one CCR surface impoundment. CCR Rule Revisions and Extension Applications The EPA's CCR rule, which took effect in October 2015, establishes minimum federal requirements for the construction, retrofitting, operation and closure of, and corrective action with respect to, existing and new CCR landfills and surface impoundments, as well as inactive CCR surface impoundments. The requirements include location restrictions, structural integrity criteria, groundwater monitoring, operating criteria, liner design criteria, closure and post-closure care, recordkeeping and notification. The deadlines for beginning and completing closure vary depending on several factors. The Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (the WIIN Act), which was enacted in December 2016, provides for EPA review and approval of state CCR permit programs. In August 2018, the D.C. Circuit Court issued a decision that vacates and remands certain provisions of the 2015 CCR rule, including an applicability exemption for legacy impoundments. In August 2020, the EPA issued a final rule establishing a deadline of April 11, 2021 to cease receipt of waste and initiate closure at unlined CCR impoundments. The 2020 final rule allows a generation plant to seek the EPA's approval to extend this deadline if no alternative disposal capacity is available and either a conversion to comply with the CCR rule is underway or retirement will occur by either 2023 or 2028 (depending on the size of the impoundment at issue). Prior to the November 2020 deadline to seek extensions, we submitted applications to the EPA requesting compliance extensions under both conversion and retirement scenarios. In January 2022, the EPA determined that our conversion and retirement applications for our CCR facilities were complete but has not yet proposed action on any of those applications. 13 VISTRA CORP. Legacy CCR Rulemaking In May 2024, the EPA published a final rule that expands coverage of groundwater monitoring and closure requirements to the following two new categories of units: (a) legacy CCR surface impoundments which are CCR surface impoundments that no longer receive CCR but contained both CCR and liquids on or after October 19, 2015 and (b) "CCR management units" (CCRMUs) which generally could encompass noncontainerized ash deposits greater than one ton and impoundments and landfills that closed prior to October 19, 2015. As part of the rule, the EPA identified numerous CCR management units across the country, including ten of our potential units. The Vermilion ash ponds discussed below are the only unit which we believe qualify as a legacy CCR surface impoundment and given our closure plan for that site we do not believe the rule will have any impact on that site. CCRMUs with 1,000 or more tons of CCR must comply with the CCR's groundwater monitoring, corrective action, closure and post-closure requirements. For CCRMUs, complete facility evaluation reports are due within 33 months after publication of the rule, initial groundwater reports are due January 31, 2029, and the deadline to initiate closure, if needed, will start in 2029. Closure of the CCRMUs may also be deferred beyond those dates depending on certain factors, including where the CCRMU is located beneath critical infrastructure. In addition, certain closures may not be required when closure was previously approved under a state program. Because facility evaluation reports will determine our unit-specific compliance obligations, we cannot determine them at this time. In August 2024, we, along with USWAG, several other generating companies, and 17 states, including Texas, filed a challenge to the rule in the D.C. Circuit Court. In February 2025, the D.C. Circuit Court granted an unopposed motion filed by the Department of Justice on behalf of the EPA, holding the litigation in abeyance while the new leadership at the EPA evaluates the rule and determines how it wishes to proceed. In February 2026, the EPA issued a final rule for the CCRMU provisions of the rule extending the deadlines for the Facility Evaluation Reports (FER) to 2028, groundwater monitoring to 2031, and closure requirements to 2030. The EPA has requested to keep the challenge to the rule addressing CCRMUs and legacy impoundments in abeyance. MISO In 2012, the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency (IEPA) issued violation notices alleging violations of groundwater standards onsite at our Baldwin and Vermilion facilities' CCR surface impoundments. These violation notices remain unresolved; however, in 2016, the IEPA approved our closure and post-closure care plans for the Baldwin old east, east, and west fly ash CCR surface impoundments. We have completed closure activities at those ponds at our Baldwin facility. At our retired Vermilion facility, in June 2021, we entered into an agreed interim consent order with the Illinois Attorney General and the Vermilion County State Attorney in which DMG is required to evaluate the closure alternatives under the requirements of the Illinois Coal Ash regulation (discussed below) and close the site by removal. In addition, the interim consent order requires that during the impoundment closure process, impacted groundwater will be collected before it leaves the site or enters the nearby Vermilion river and, if necessary, DMG will be required to install temporary riverbank protection if the river migrates within a certain distance of the impoundments. The interim order was modified in December 2022 to require certain amendments to the Safety Emergency Response Plan. In June 2023, the Illinois state court approved and entered the final consent order, which included the terms above and a requirement that when IEPA issues a final closure permit for the site, DMG will demolish the power station and submit for approval to construct an on-site landfill within the footprint of the former plant to store and manage the coal ash. These proposed closure costs are reflected in the ARO in the consolidated balance sheets (see Note 15 to the Financial Statements for additional information). In 2012, the IEPA issued violation notices alleging violations of groundwater standards at the Newton and Coffeen facilities' CCR surface impoundments. We are addressing these CCR surface impoundments in accordance with the federal CCR rule. In July 2019, coal ash disposal and storage legislation in Illinois was enacted. The legislation addresses state requirements for the proper closure of coal ash ponds in the state of Illinois. The law tasks the IEPA and the IPCB to set up a series of guidelines, rules, and permit requirements for closure of ash ponds. Under the final rule, which was finalized and became effective in April 2021, coal ash impoundment owners would be required to submit a closure alternative analysis to the IEPA for the selection of the best method for coal ash remediation at a particular site. The rule does not mandate closure by removal at any site. In October 2021, we filed operating permit applications for 18 impoundments as required by the Illinois coal ash rule, and filed construction permit applications for three of our sites in January 2022 and five of our sites in July 2022. One additional closure construction application was filed for our Baldwin facility in August 2023. In 2025, we filed construction permit applications (or supplemented prior operating permit applications) to cover corrective action activities at 11 impoundments across our Illinois fleet. 14 VISTRA CORP. For all of the above CCR matters, if certain corrective action measures, including groundwater treatment or removal of ash, are required at any of our coal-fueled facilities, we may incur significant costs that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The Illinois coal ash rule was finalized in April 2021 and does not require removal. However, the rule required us to undertake further site-specific evaluations required by each program. We will not know the full range of decommissioning costs, including groundwater remediation, if any, that ultimately may be required under the Illinois rule until permit applications have been approved by the IEPA and as such, an estimate of such costs cannot be made. The CCR surface impoundment and landfill closure costs currently reflected in our existing ARO liabilities reflect the costs of closure methods that our operations and environmental services teams determined were appropriate based on the existing closure requirements at the time we recorded those ARO liabilities, and it is reasonably possible for those to increase once the IEPA determines final closure requirements. Once the IEPA acts on our permit applications, we will reassess the decommissioning costs and adjust our ARO liabilities accordingly. Water The EPA and the environmental regulatory bodies of states in which we operate have jurisdiction over the diversion, impoundment and withdrawal of water for cooling and other purposes and the discharge of wastewater (including storm water) from our facilities. We believe our facilities are presently in material compliance with applicable federal and state requirements relating to these activities. We believe we hold all required permits relating to these activities for facilities in operation and have applied for or obtained necessary permits for facilities under construction. We also believe we can satisfy the requirements necessary to obtain any required permits or renewals. Effluent Limitation Guidelines (ELGs) In November 2015, the EPA revised the ELGs for steam electricity generation facilities, which will impose more stringent standards (as individual permits are renewed) for wastewater streams, such as FGD, fly ash, bottom ash, and flue gas mercury control wastewaters. Various parties filed petitions for review of the ELG rule, and the petitions were consolidated in the Fifth Circuit Court. In April 2017, the EPA granted petitions requesting reconsideration of the ELG rule and administratively stayed the rule's compliance date deadlines. In April 2019, the Fifth Circuit Court vacated and remanded portions of the EPA's ELG rule pertaining to effluent limitations for legacy wastewater and leachate. In October 2020, the EPA published a final rule that extends the compliance date for both FGD and bottom ash transport water to no later than December 2025, as negotiated with the state permitting agency. Additionally, the rule allows for a retirement exemption that exempts facilities certifying that units will retire by December 2028 provided certain effluent limitations are met. In November 2020, environmental groups petitioned for review of the new ELG revisions, and Vistra subsidiaries filed a motion to intervene in support of the EPA in December 2020. Notifications were made to Texas, Illinois, and Ohio state agencies on the retirement exemption for applicable coal plants by the regulatory deadline of October 13, 2021. In May 2024, the EPA published the final ELG rule revisions, which contain new requirements for legacy wastewater and combustion residual leachate. The final rule also leaves in place the subcategory for facilities that permanently cease coal combustion by 2028. A number of parties have since challenged the rule and that case is pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. We are not a party to that litigation. In February 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted the EPA's unopposed motion seeking to hold the litigation in abeyance while the new leadership at the EPA evaluates the rule and determines how it wishes to proceed. In December 2025, the EPA finalized additional revisions to the ELG rule, including extending certain compliance deadlines under the 2024 ELG rule. Those deadlines would generally apply to facilities that had not already utilized the retirement provisions in the 2020 ELG rule, which our company had utilized. In addition, the rule authorizes a process for states to extend the 2028 retirement deadline that was finalized as part of the 2020 ELG rule in the event market conditions would not support retirement of a facility. We are currently evaluating this rule and the impact, if any, it might have on our announced plans to retire our remaining coal generation facilities in Illinois and Ohio by 2028 given that those facilities are under separate existing regulatory requirements to close by then. Several environmental groups have recently challenged that rule. Radioactive Waste The nuclear industry has developed ways to store used nuclear fuel on site at nuclear generation facilities, primarily using dry cask storage, since there are no facilities for reprocessing or disposal of used nuclear fuel currently in operation in the U.S. Luminant stores its used nuclear fuel on-site in storage pools or dry cask storage facilities and believes its on-site used nuclear fuel storage capability is sufficient for the foreseeable future. 15 VISTRA CORP. Corporate Information Vistra is a Delaware corporation whose common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE and the NYSE Texas. Our principal executive office is located at 6555 Sierra Drive, Irving, Texas 75039. The telephone number for our principal executive office is (214) 812-4600. We maintain a website located at www.vistracorp.com . Available Information We file our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports with the SEC. You may obtain copies of these documents, free of charge, on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or on Vistra's website at www.vistracorp.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Vistra also posts important information, including press releases, investor presentations, sustainability reports, and notices of upcoming events on its website and utilizes its website as a channel of distribution to reach public investors and as a means of disclosing material non-public information for complying with disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Investors may be notified of postings to our website by signing up for email alerts and RSS feeds on the "Investor Relations" page. The information on Vistra's website shall not be deemed a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this annual report on Form 10-K. 16 VISTRA CORP. Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Summary of Risk Factors The following summarizes the principal factors that make an investment in our company speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described in the Risk Factors section below. This summary should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. The following factors could result in harm to our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects, among other impacts: Market, Financial, and Economic Risks Our revenues, results of operations, and operating cash flows are affected by price fluctuations in the wholesale power market and other market factors beyond our control. We purchase natural gas, coal, fuel oil, and nuclear fuel for our generation facilities, and higher than expected fuel costs or disruptions in these fuel markets may have an adverse impact on, our costs, revenues, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have retired, announced planned retirements of, and may be forced to retire or idle additional underperforming generation units which could result in significant costs and have an adverse effect on our operating results. Our assets or positions cannot be fully hedged against changes in commodity prices and Market Heat Rates, and hedging transactions may not work as planned or hedge counterparties may default on their obligations. If electricity demand does not grow at the rate expected, or if we are unable to execute on large load offtake opportunities, including under long-term power purchase or offtake agreements that we have entered into, our financial performance, growth opportunities, and stock price could be adversely impacted. Competition, changes in market structure, and/or state or federal interference in the wholesale and retail power markets, together with subsidized generation, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by energy market participants continuing to construct new generation facilities or expanding or enhancing existing generation facilities despite relatively low power prices and such additional generation capacity results in a reduction in wholesale power prices. Our liquidity needs could be difficult to satisfy, particularly during times of uncertainty in the financial markets or during times of significant fluctuation in commodity prices, and we may be unable to access capital on favorable terms or at all in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on us. The agreements and instruments governing our debt, including the Vistra Operations Credit Facilities and indentures, contain restrictions and limitations that could affect our ability to operate our business, our liquidity, and our results of operations, and any failure to comply with these restrictions could have a material adverse effect on us. We may not be able to consummate the Cogentrix Transactions on the anticipated terms, on the anticipated timeline, or at all, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and stock price. Following completion of the Cogentrix Transactions, we may not realize the anticipated synergies and other expected benefits of the Cogentrix Transactions on the anticipated timeline or at all. We may not be able to complete future acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, successfully integrate future acquisitions into our business, or effectively identify and invest in value-creating businesses, assets or projects, which could result in unanticipated expenses and losses or otherwise hinder or delay our growth strategy. Our ability to achieve the expected growth of our Vistra Zero portfolio, consisting of our solar generation, battery ESS, and other renewables development projects, is subject to substantial capital requirements and other significant uncertainties. Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions, or potential future legislation or the imposition of new or increased taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 17 VISTRA CORP. Regulatory and Legislative Risks Our businesses are subject to ongoing complex governmental regulations and legislation that have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our businesses, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Our cost of compliance with existing and new environmental laws could have a material adverse effect on us. Pending or proposed laws or regulations, or the repeal of existing beneficial laws or regulations, including those proposed or implemented under the Trump administration, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Changes to laws, rules or regulations related to market structures in the markets in which we participate may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operation, liquidity and financial condition. We could be materially and adversely affected if current regulations are implemented or if new federal or state legislation or regulations are adopted to address global climate change, or if we are subject to lawsuits for alleged damage to persons or property resulting from greenhouse gas emissions. Litigation, legal proceedings, regulatory investigations or other administrative proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and reputational damage that could have a material adverse effect on us. Operational Risks Volatile power supply costs and demand for power have and could in the future adversely affect the financial performance of our retail businesses. Our retail operations are subject to significant competition from other REPs, which could result in a loss of existing customers and the inability to attract new customers. Cybersecurity attacks or technology systems failures could disrupt business operations and expose us to significant liabilities, reputational damage, loss of customers, and regulatory action. The operation of our businesses is subject to information security and operational technology risks, including cybersecurity breaches and failure of critical information and operations technology systems. Attacks on our infrastructure that breach cyber/data security measures could expose us to significant liabilities, reputational damage, regulatory action, and disrupt business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We may suffer material losses, costs and liabilities due to operational risks, regulatory risks, and the risk of nuclear accidents arising from the ownership and operation of the nuclear generation facilities. The operation and maintenance of power generation facilities and related mining operations are capital intensive and involve significant risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. We may be materially and adversely affected by obligations to comply with federal and state regulations, laws, and other legal requirements that govern the operations, assessments, storage, closure, corrective action, disposal and monitoring relating to CCR. We have been and may in the future be materially and adversely affected by the effects of extreme weather conditions and seasonality. Events outside of our control, including an epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease may materially adversely affect our business. Changes in technology, increased electricity conservation efforts, or energy sustainability efforts may reduce the value of our business, introduce new or emerging risks and may otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. Risks Related to Our Structure and Ownership of our Common Stock Evolving expectations from stakeholders, including investors, on sustainability issues, including climate risk, and erosion of stakeholder trust or confidence could influence actions or decisions about our company and our industry and could adversely affect our business, operations, financial results, or stock price. We may not pay any dividends on our common stock in the future, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our share repurchase program. 18 VISTRA CORP. Please carefully consider the following discussion of significant factors, events, and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky. These factors, in addition to others specifically addressed in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, and Results of Operations (MD A) , provide important information for the understanding of our forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K. If one or more of the factors, events and uncertainties discussed below or in the MD A were to materialize, our business, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition, cash flows, reputation or prospects could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if one or more of such factors, events and uncertainties were to materialize, it could cause results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statement in this annual report on Form 10-K. There may be further risks and uncertainties that are not currently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may adversely affect our business, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and prospects and the market price of our common stock in the future. The realization of any of these factors could cause investors in our securities (including our common stock) to lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. Market, Financial and Economic Risks Our revenues, results of operations and operating cash flows generally are affected by price fluctuations in the wholesale power market and other market factors beyond our control. We are not guaranteed any rate of return on capital investments in our businesses. We conduct integrated power generation and retail electricity activities, focusing on power generation, wholesale electricity sales and purchases, retail sales of electricity and natural gas to end users and commodity risk management. Our wholesale and retail businesses are to some extent countercyclical in nature, particularly for the wholesale power and ancillary services supplied to the retail business. However, we do have a wholesale power position that is subject to wholesale power price moves, which may be significant. As a result, our revenues, results of operations and operating cash flows depend in large part upon wholesale market prices for electricity, natural gas, uranium, lignite, coal, fuel oil, and transportation in our regional markets and other competitive markets in which we operate and upon prevailing retail electricity rates, which may be impacted by, among other things, actions of regulatory authorities. Market prices for power, capacity, ancillary services, natural gas, coal and fuel oil are unpredictable and may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time. Unlike most other commodities, electric power can only be stored on a very limited basis and generally must be produced concurrently with its use. As a result, power prices are subject to significant volatility due to supply and demand imbalances, especially in the day-ahead and spot markets. Demand for electricity can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. Over-supply can occur as a result of the construction of new power generation sources. During periods of over-supply, electricity prices might be depressed. For example, in many instances, energy from renewable resources, such as solar, wind and battery ESS, are bid into the relevant spot market at a price of zero or close to zero during certain times of the day, lowering the clearing price for all power wholesalers in such market. Also, at times there is political pressure, or pressure from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets. Extreme weather events can also materially impact power prices or otherwise exacerbate conditions or circumstances that result in volatility of power prices. For example, severe winter storms across the U.S. such as Winter Storm Uri in February 2021 and Winter Storm Fern in January 2026, and extreme cold temperatures in the central U.S., including Texas, resulted in widespread wholesale power market volatility, substantial increases in the costs to procure sufficient fuel supply, and increased collateral posting requirements. The majority of our facilities operate as "merchant" facilities without long-term power sales agreements. As a result, we largely sell electric energy, capacity and ancillary services into the wholesale energy spot market or into other wholesale and retail power markets on a short-term basis and are not guaranteed any rate of return on our capital investments. Consequently, we may not be able to sell any or all of the electric energy, capacity or ancillary services from those facilities at commercially attractive rates or that our facilities will be able to operate profitably. We depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices for power, capacity and fuel. Given the volatility of commodity power prices, to the extent we are unable to hedge or otherwise secure long-term power sales agreements for the output of our power generation facilities, our revenues and profitability will be subject to volatility, and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 19 VISTRA CORP. We purchase natural gas, coal, fuel oil, and nuclear fuel for our generation facilities, and higher than expected fuel costs, volatility, or disruption in these fuel markets may have an adverse impact on our costs, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We rely on natural gas, coal, fuel oil, and nuclear fuel for the majority of our power generation facilities. Delivery of these fuels to the facilities is dependent upon the continuing availability of such fuels and financial viability of contractual counterparties as well as upon the infrastructure (including mines, rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available and functioning to serve each generation facility, and geopolitical risk, including the current Russia and Ukraine conflict and the potential for additional U.S. sanctions against Russia or other potential restrictions on Russian energy deliveries. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, and Results of Operations Business Environment and Outlook . As a result, we have experienced, and remain subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at our generation facilities if no fuel is available at any price, if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure. Certain of our generation facilities rely on a limited number of counterparties, such as natural gas suppliers and railcar companies, to provide the necessary fuel. Disputes relating to or non-performance of contractual arrangements have resulted in, and may continue to result in adverse impacts to our costs, revenues, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. As part of our strategy to mitigate the potential negative effects of commodity price volatility, we have sold forward a substantial portion of our expected power sales in the next few years in order to lock in long-term prices. In order to hedge our obligations under these forward power sales contracts, we have entered into long-term and short-term contracts for the purchase and delivery of fuel. Many of the forward power sales contracts do not allow us to pass through changes in fuel costs or discharge the power sale obligations in the case of a disruption in fuel supply due to force majeure events or the default of a fuel supplier or transporter. Fuel costs (including diesel, natural gas, lignite, coal and nuclear fuel) are volatile, and the whol