=== DIS_2025-11-13.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors For an enterprise as large and complex as the Company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in our filings with the SEC, the most significant factors affecting our business include the following: RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESSES AND INDUSTRY Declines in U.S., global and regional economic conditions adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Declines in U.S., global and regional economic conditions, such as recessions, other less severe slowdowns in economic activity and/or inflationary conditions typically adversely affect demand for our products and services and/or costs to operate our businesses, reducing our revenue and earnings. While a number of different factors affect the demand for our products and services, actual or perceived declines in economic conditions typically have impacts across our businesses, including, among others, lower attendance and spending at our parks and experiences businesses, fees received for our cable programming and DTC services, including as a result of declines in subscription levels, purchases of and prices for advertising on our DTC services and linear networks or licensing fees, while in the case of inflationary conditions, also increasing the prices we pay for goods, services and labor, as well as typically our borrowing costs due to elevated interest rates, making it more difficult to obtain financing for our operations and investments on favorable terms. Even when inflationary pressures moderate, we expect certain costs, such as for labor, to remain elevated. In addition, an increase in price levels generally, or in price levels in a particular sector, could result in a shift in consumer demand away from the entertainment and experiences we offer, which could also adversely affect our revenues, while at the same time, increase our costs. A decline in economic conditions or a failure of conditions to improve as anticipated could impact implementation or success of our business plans, such as our investment plans for our Experiences segment, plans for our DTC ad-supported services, enhancements, product offerings, pricing structure and price increases and plans for strategic investments. Unfavorable economic conditions also impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. The adverse impact on our businesses of actual or perceived declines in economic conditions or a failure of conditions to improve as anticipated depends, in part, on their severity and duration, and our ability to mitigate these impacts on our businesses is limited. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates impact our results of operations, including our revenues and costs. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar impact our results of operations, including by impacting the cost in U.S. dollars of providing our goods and services, our revenues in U.S. dollars generated by our international businesses and the international demand for our domestic products and services. An increase or sustained strength in the value of the U.S. dollar adversely impacts the U.S. dollar value of revenue we receive and expect to receive from other markets and contributes to reduced international demand for our domestic products and services, including international travel to our domestic parks and resorts. A decrease or sustained weakness in the value of the U.S. dollar often increases the cost of labor, goods and services in, or originating from, as applicable, non-U.S. markets. Although we hedge exposure to fluctuations in certain foreign currencies, any such hedging activity may not substantially offset the negative financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and is not expected to offset all such negative financial impact, particularly in periods of sustained U.S. dollar strength or weakness relative to multiple foreign currencies. Further, economic or political conditions in certain countries outside the U.S. also limit, our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in those countries or our ability to repatriate revenue from those countries. Changes in technology, in consumer consumption patterns and in how entertainment products and services are created affect demand for, the revenue we can generate from and the cost of producing or distributing our entertainment offerings and our results of operations. The media entertainment and technology businesses in which we participate increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to new technologies, including shifting patterns of content consumption and how entertainment products and services are generated. New technologies affect the demand for our products and services, the manner in which our entertainment offerings are distributed to consumers, the ways we charge for and receive revenue for our entertainment products and services and the stability of those revenue streams, the sources and nature of competing entertainment offerings, the time and manner in which consumers acquire and view some of our entertainment offerings and the options available to 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS advertisers for reaching their desired audiences. These developments have impacted the business model for certain traditional forms of distribution, as evidenced by the industry-wide decline in ratings for broadcast and cable television, the reduction in demand for home entertainment sales of theatrical content, the development of alternative distribution channels for broadcast and cable programming and declines in subscriber levels for traditional cable channels. In addition, the implementation of our DTC strategy may further contribute to such declines. These developments have decreased advertising and affiliate revenue at some of our linear networks and have led, and may lead in the future, to the impairment of the value of certain of our assets. In addition, theater-going to watch movies has remained below levels that existed prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. Regulations governing new technological developments, such as developments in artificial intelligence (AI), including generative AI and large language model tools, remain unsettled, and these developments may affect aspects of our existing business models, including revenue streams for the use of our IP, how we create our entertainment offerings and the competition we face. In order to respond to the impact of new technologies on our businesses, we regularly consider, and from time to time implement, new initiatives and changes to our business models, including by developing and investing in DTC streaming services and content offerings and new media offerings. There can be no assurance that our DTC offerings, new media offerings and other efforts will successfully respond to technological changes. In addition, declines in certain traditional forms of distribution impact the cost of content allocable to our DTC offerings. As part of our DTC strategy, we forgo revenue from certain traditional sources. Initially, our DTC streaming services experienced significant losses. There can be no assurance that the DTC model and other business models we may develop will each be or remain profitable or be as profitable over the long term as our historic business models. We face risks relating to misalignment with public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment, travel and consumer products, which impacts demand for our entertainment offerings and products and services and our results of operations. Our businesses create entertainment, travel and consumer products, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently produce compelling creative content, which may be distributed, among other ways, through DTC services, linear networks and theaters and used in theme park attractions, hotels and other resort facilities and travel experiences and consumer products. Such distribution must meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. The success of our theme parks, resorts, cruise ships and experiences, as well as our theatrical releases, depends on demand for out-of-home entertainment experiences. Demand for certain out-of-home entertainment experiences, such as theater-going to watch movies, has not returned to levels that existed prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, as a global entertainment company with a global consumer base, the success of our businesses depends on our ability to predict and adapt to constantly evolving and often divergent consumer tastes and preferences across various domestic and international markets. Evolving tourist preferences regarding travel to destinations in the U.S. and other geographical regions where our parks and experiences businesses operate sometimes affect travel to those businesses. Moreover, we must often make substantial investments in content production and acquisition, acquisition of sports and other programming rights, theme park attractions, cruise ships or hotels and other facilities or customer facing platforms before we know the extent to which these products will earn consumer acceptance, and the market, economic or social conditions are sometimes significantly different from the ones we anticipated at the time of the investment decisions. Further, preferences of some consumers are affected by their perceptions of our position on matters of public interest, including regarding environmental and social issues, and such perceptions sometimes lead to consumer boycotts. Generally, our results of operations and financial condition are adversely impacted when our entertainment offerings and products and services, as well as our methods to make our offerings and products and services available to consumers, do not align with constantly evolving and often conflicting consumer preferences and tastes or achieve sufficient consumer acceptance. A variety of uncontrollable events disrupt our businesses, reduce demand for or consumption of our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services or increase the cost of providing our products and services, adversely impacting our results of operations and financial condition. The operation of, and demand for and consumption of our products and services, particularly our parks and experiences businesses, are highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism, including in the specific regions in which our parks and experiences businesses operate. In addition, we have extensive international operations, including our international theme parks and resorts, which are dependent on domestic and international regulations consistent with trade and investment in those regions. The operation of our businesses, the environment for travel and tourism, the demand for and consumption of our other products and services and ultimately our results of operations and financial condition are subject to adverse impacts from a variety of factors beyond our control in the U.S., globally or in specific geographic regions around the world where we operate, including: health concerns; adverse weather conditions arising from short-term weather patterns or long-term climate change, including longer and more regular excessive heat conditions, catastrophic events or natural disasters (such as excessive heat or rain, hurricanes, wildfires, typhoons, floods, droughts, tsunamis and earthquakes); international, political or military developments, including tariffs and other trade and international disputes and social unrest; legal and 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS regulatory developments; macroeconomic conditions, including a decline in economic activity, inflation and foreign exchange rates; and terrorist attacks. These events and others, such as fluctuations in travel and energy costs, supply chain disruptions and malware and other cyber-related attacks or intrusions or other widespread computing, telecommunications or payment processing failures, from time to time disrupt our ability to provide our products and services, raise the cost of providing our products and services and in certain instances affect our ability to obtain insurance coverage with respect to some of these events. An incident or other event that affected our property directly, including a security incident, earthquake or hurricane, would have a direct impact on our ability to provide products and services and could result in closure of impacted operations or have an extended effect of discouraging consumers from attending our facilities. Moreover, we incur costs to protect against such incidents. For example, COVID-19 and measures to prevent its spread impacted our businesses in a number of ways, including the closure of our theme parks and resorts, suspension of cruise ship sailings and guided tours, delayed, or in some cases, shortened or canceled, theatrical releases and disruptions in the production and availability of content, significantly reducing revenues across all of our segments. Certain of our business operations have been temporarily disrupted by payment processing outages and widespread computing failures. Hurricanes have caused park closures and other impacts to the operations of Walt Disney World Resort, adversely affecting segment results, and may do so in the future. The Company has ceased certain operations in certain regions, including in response to sanctions, trade restrictions and related developments, resulting in impairment charges. In addition, we derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of our programming, sales of our licensed products and services by third parties, and the management of businesses operated under brands licensed from the Company and advertising revenues from the purchase of advertising on our various platforms, including DTC services and linear networks, and we are therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. Our results of operations could be adversely impacted by a significant contraction of distribution channels for our products and services, including through third-party licensees or sellers of our licensed goods and services, or a contraction in the number or kind of advertisers purchasing advertising on our platforms, including as a result of legal or regulatory developments. In addition, third-party suppliers provide products and services essential to the operation of a number of our businesses. A wide variety of factors could influence the success of those third parties and if negative factors significantly impacted a sufficient number of those third parties or materially impacted a supplier of a significant product or service, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In specific geographic markets, we have experienced delayed and/or partial payments from certain third parties due to liquidity issues. We obtain insurance against the risk of losses relating to some of these events, generally including certain physical damage to our property and resulting business interruption, certain injuries occurring on our property and some liabilities for alleged breach of legal responsibilities. When insurance is obtained it is subject to deductibles, exclusions, terms, conditions and limits of liability. The types and levels of coverage we obtain vary from time to time depending on our view of the likelihood of specific types and levels of loss in relation to the cost of obtaining coverage for such types and levels of loss and we experience losses not covered by our insurance, which could be material. We face risks related to changes in our business strategies and plans, which have affected and may continue to affect our cost structure, the value of our assets and/or our results of operations. We adjust our business strategies and plans from time to time in connection with changes in senior management and in our efforts to respond to changes in technology, consumer purchasing and consumption patterns, acceptance of our entertainment offerings, the market for advertising, macroeconomic conditions and other changes in the business environment. For example, in October 2025, we completed a combination of certain Hulu Live TV assets with Fubo to acquire a 70% interest in Fubo; in fiscal 2025, we announced plans for ESPN to acquire the NFL Network and certain other media assets owned and controlled by the NFL in exchange for a 10% noncontrolling interest in ESPN; in fiscal 2024, we transferred Star India into a joint venture and recorded related impairment charges and announced an investment in a multi-year project with Epic Games; in fiscal 2023, we reorganized our media and entertainment operations, which had been previously reported in one segment, into two segments, Entertainment and Sports; in fiscal 2023 we announced that we would review content, primarily on our DTC services, for alignment with a strategic change in our approach to content curation, resulting in removal of certain content from our platforms and related impairment charges; and from time to time, we announce exploration of new types of businesses. Our new business strategies and plans are, among other things, subject to execution risk and may not produce the anticipated benefits, such as supporting our growth strategies and enhancing shareholder value, and over the long term could be less successful than our prior strategies and plans. For example, the cost of executing on our DTC strategy may continue to grow or be reduced more slowly than anticipated, which may impact our distribution strategy across businesses/distribution platforms, the types of content we distribute through various businesses/distribution platforms, the timing and sequencing of content windows and ultimately, the financial results of our DTC services and other businesses/distribution platforms. In addition, changing technology, consumer purchasing patterns and acceptance of content offerings and macroeconomic conditions may impair the value of our assets. We incur costs in connection with changes to our business strategy and plans and have needed and may in the future need to write-down the value of our assets. Among other assets, in connection with changes 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS in strategy, we have impaired the value of our content primarily at our DTC services and goodwill and intangible assets at our linear networks and impaired the value of certain of our retail store assets and certain hotel experiences assets. We may write down other assets as our strategy evolves to account for the business environment. We also make investments in existing or new businesses, including investments in international expansion of our business and in new business lines. For example, in recent years, we have expanded our fleet of cruise ships, with announced plans for further fleet expansion, and increased investment in our parks and resorts; completed the acquisition of Hulu and of a 70% interest in Fubo; and made substantial investments related to DTC offerings. The ultimate success of these investments is uncertain, some of these and future investments may ultimately result in returns that are negative or lower than anticipated, and these investments may negatively impact the resources available to our other businesses and ultimately, our results of operations. In addition, our costs increase in connection with these investments, and we may have significant charges associated with the write-down of assets if the investments are not as successful as anticipated. Over the long term, our new strategies could be less successful than previous strategies. Even if our strategies are effective in the long term, our new offerings generally negatively impact results of operations in the short term, results of our new offerings are unlikely to be even quarter over quarter and we may not expand into new markets as or when anticipated. Our ability to forecast for new businesses is impacted by our lack of experience operating in those new businesses, speed with which the competitive landscape changes, volatility beyond our control (such as the events beyond our control noted above) and our ability to obtain or develop the content and rights on which our projections are based. Accordingly, we may not achieve our forecasted outcomes. Increased competitive pressures impact our revenues, increase our costs and impact our results of operations. We face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers of the products and services we offer and from other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreational activities. This includes, among other types, competition for personnel, content and other resources we require in operating our businesses. For example: • Our programming and production operations compete to obtain creative, performing, production and business talent, sports and other programming, story properties, advertiser support, production facilities and market share with traditional and new media platforms, including other video-on-demand services and sources of broadband delivered content, studio operators and television networks. • Our linear networks and DTC streaming services compete for viewers and subscribers with an increasing number of competitors, including other DTC and linear offerings, all other forms of media and all other forms of entertainment, as well as for technology, creative, performing and business talent and for content. • Our linear networks, television stations and DTC services compete for the sale of advertising time with traditional and new media platforms, including other television and video-on-demand services and various forms of internet and mobile delivered platforms and content, which offer advertising delivery technologies that are more targeted than can be achieved through traditional means, as well as with other forms of advertising. • Our linear networks compete for carriage of their programming with other programming providers. • Our theme parks, resorts and experiences compete for guests with other theme parks and resorts, all other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreation activities and compete for technology, creative, performing and business talent, including with other theme park and resort operators. • Our content sales/licensing operations, including theatrical releases, compete for customers with all other forms of entertainment. • Our consumer products business competes with other licensors and creators of IP. Competition for the acquisition of resources sometimes further increases the cost of producing our products and services; changes the composition of our offerings, including sports; deprives us of talent needed for our entertainment and experiences businesses, which talent is necessary to produce high quality creative material; increases employee turnover and staffing instability; and increases our labor costs. Competition also reduces, or limits growth in, prices for our products and services, including advertising rates and subscription fees at our linear networks and DTC offerings, parks and resorts admissions and room rates and prices for consumer products from which we derive licensing revenues. For example, our advertising revenue is negatively impacted by the increased supply of advertising tools and platforms on which to place advertising, including search, social media, online marketplaces and other ad-supported DTC services, which depresses advertising rates across our DTC streaming services and linear networks and creates demand uncertainty. Technological developments, including developments in generative AI tools that can be used to create competing low-cost content and products, and changes in market structure, including consolidation of suppliers of resources and distribution channels, increase competition in these areas. Increased competition raises the cost of programming, including for sports and other products, and diverts consumers from our offerings to other products and services or other forms of entertainment and experiences. In addition, given the nature of travel planning, consumers sometimes delay travel to our theme parks and resorts in connection with planned major product launches of regional travel industry competitors. Each of these competitive pressures could reduce our revenue and increase our marketing and other costs. 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS We face risks related to the renewal of long-term programming or distribution contracts on sufficiently favorable terms. We enter into long-term contracts for both the acquisition and the distribution of media programming and products, including contracts for the acquisition of programming rights for sporting events and other programs, and contracts for the distribution of our programming to content distributors. As these contracts expire, we renew or renegotiate the contracts, which from time to time has led to service blackouts when distribution contracts expired before renewal terms were agreed. We may lose programming rights or distribution rights if we are unable to renew these contracts on acceptable terms. Renewal negotiations with certain MVPDs for distribution contracts scheduled to expire in fiscal 2026 could lead to temporary or longer-term service blackouts, negatively impacting our results of operations. On October 30, 2025, the Company’s channels were removed from YouTube TV following the expiration of the parties’ distribution contract without agreement on renewal terms, and the Company cannot predict how long this service blackout will last or reasonably estimate the adverse impact on our results of operations. Further, as a result, our portfolio of acquired programming rights, such as sporting events, and the distributors of our programming and the portfolio of programming rights our distributors acquire have changed and will continue to change over time. Even if these contracts are renewed, the cost of obtaining certain programming rights has increased and may continue to increase (or increase at faster rates than our historical experience) and programming distributors demand terms (including with respect to the pricing for, and the nature and amount of, programming distributed) that reduce our revenue from distribution of programs or increase revenue at slower rates than our historical experience. For example, the terms of certain renewals of carriage agreements have included fewer of our linear networks or the opportunity to offer multiple genre-specific bundle options of fewer than all our linear networks while providing for certain of our DTC streaming services to be made available to the distributor’s subscribers. Moreover, our ability to renew these contracts on favorable terms is affected by a number of factors, such as consolidation in the market for program distribution and the entrance of new participants in the market for distribution of content on digital platforms. With respect to the acquisition of programming rights, particularly sports programming rights, the impact of these long-term contracts on our results over the term of the contracts depends on a number of factors, including the strength of advertising markets, subscription levels and programming rights costs increases, effectiveness of marketing efforts and the size of viewer audiences. There can be no assurance that revenues from programming based on these rights will exceed the cost of the rights plus the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. We face risks related to environmental, social and governance matters and related reporting obligations. Domestic and international laws and regulations relating to environmental, social and governance matters, including environmental sustainability, climate change, human rights and human capital management, have been adopted or are under consideration, some of which include specific, target-driven disclosure requirements or obligations. Responding to these laws and regulations has increased our compliance costs, including from increased investment in technology and appropriate expertise and has required the implementation of new reporting processes, entailing additional compliance risk. In addition, we have undertaken or announced a number of related actions and goals, which will require changes to operations and ongoing investment. There is no assurance that our initiatives will achieve their intended outcomes or that we will achieve any of these goals. Consumer, government and other stakeholder perceptions of our initiatives often differ widely and present risks to our reputation and brands. In addition, our ability to implement some initiatives or achieve some goals is dependent on external factors. For example, our ability to meet certain environmental sustainability goals or initiatives will depend in part on third-party collaboration, the availability of suppliers that can satisfy new requirements, mitigation innovations and/or the availability of economically feasible solutions at scale. We face risks related to damage to our reputation or brands. Our reputation and globally recognizable brands are integral to the success of our businesses. Because our brands engage consumers across our businesses, some types of damage to our reputation or brands have an impact on all of our businesses. Because some of our brands are globally recognized, some types of brand damage are not locally contained. 

=== DIS_2026-05-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors For an enterprise as large and complex as the Company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in our filings with the SEC, the most significant factors affecting our business include the factors discussed in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1A, “Risk Factors” as updated below. These disclosures reflect the Company’s beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect the Company and its securities in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to all events that have occurred in the past or their likelihood of occurring in the future. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESSES AND INDUSTRY We face risks related to the renewal of long-term programming or distribution contracts on sufficiently favorable terms. We enter into long-term contracts for both the acquisition and the distribution of media programming and products, including contracts for the acquisition of programming rights for sporting events and other programs, and contracts for the distribution of our programming to content distributors. As these contracts expire, we renew or renegotiate the contracts, which from time to time has led to service blackouts when distribution contracts expired before renewal terms were agreed. We may lose programming rights or distribution rights if we are unable to renew these contracts on acceptable terms. Renewal negotiations with certain MVPDs for distribution contracts scheduled to expire in fiscal 2026 could lead to temporary or longer-term service blackouts, negatively impacting our results of operations. For example, in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, the Company’s channels were temporarily removed from YouTube TV following the expiration of the parties’ distribution contract without agreement on renewal terms. Further, our portfolio of acquired programming rights, such as sporting events, and the distributors of our programming and the portfolio of programming rights our distributors acquire have changed and will continue to change over time. Even if these contracts are renewed, the cost of obtaining certain programming rights has increased and may continue to increase (or increase at faster rates than our historical experience) and programming distributors demand terms (including with respect to the pricing for, and the nature and amount of, programming distributed) that reduce our revenue from distribution of programs or increase revenue at slower rates than our historical experience. For example, the terms of certain renewals of carriage agreements have included fewer of our linear networks or the opportunity to offer multiple genre-specific bundle options of fewer than all our linear networks while providing for certain of our direct-to-consumer (DTC) streaming services to be made available to the distributor’s subscribers. Moreover, our ability to renew these contracts on favorable terms is affected by a number of factors, such as consolidation in the market for program distribution and the entrance of new participants in the market for distribution of content on digital platforms. With respect to the acquisition of programming rights, particularly sports programming rights, the impact of these long-term contracts on our results over the term of the contracts depends on a number of factors, including the strength of advertising markets, subscription levels and programming rights costs increases, effectiveness of marketing efforts and the size of viewer audiences. There can be no assurance that revenues from programming based on these rights will exceed the cost of the rights plus the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. The seasonality of certain of our businesses and timing of certain of our product offerings could exacerbate negative impacts on our operations. Each of our businesses is normally subject to seasonal variations and variations in connection with the timing of our product offerings. See our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 1 – ENTERTAINMENT – Competition and Seasonality; – SPORTS – Competition and Seasonality; and – EXPERIENCES – Competition and Seasonality and Part 1, Item 2 – SEASONALITY in this Form 10-Q for a discussion of seasonal and other timing variations, as well as certain other fluctuations, on our results of operations. Further, negative impacts on our business occurring during a time of typical high seasonal demand, such as our park closures due to hurricane damage during the summer travel season or other high seasons or sports league work stoppages during that sports season, could have a disproportionate effect on the results of that business for the year. 55 RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, LITIGATION, CYBERSECURITY AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS We face risks related to the intellectual property rights that we hold as well as rights asserted by third parties. The value to us of our IP is dependent on the scope and duration of our rights as defined by applicable laws in the U.S. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. Where those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of our rights, or if existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our IP may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. In the United States and countries that look to the United States copyright term when shorter than their own, the copyright term for early works and the specific early versions of characters depicted in those works expires at the end of the 95th calendar year after the date the copyright was originally secured in the United States. The terms of some copyrights for IP related to some of our products and services have expired, and other copyrights will expire in the future. For example, the copyright term for the short film Steamboat Willie (1928) and early versions of characters depicted in this film have expired. As copyrights expire, we expect that revenues generated from such IP will be negatively impacted to some extent. The unauthorized use of our IP typically increases our costs, including in connection with our efforts to protect rights in our IP, and may reduce our revenues. The convergence of computing, communications and entertainment devices, increased broadband internet speed and penetration, increased availability and speed of mobile data transmission and increasingly sophisticated attempts to obtain unauthorized access to data systems have made the unauthorized digital copying and distribution of our films, television productions and other creative works easier and faster and protection and the enforcement of IP rights more challenging. The unauthorized distribution and access to entertainment content generally continues to be a significant challenge for IP rights holders. Further, the availability of certain AI tools has facilitated the creation of infringing works based on the unauthorized use of our IP. Inadequate laws or weak enforcement mechanisms to protect entertainment industry IP in one country can adversely affect the results of the Company’s operations worldwide, despite the Company’s efforts to protect its IP rights. Distribution innovations have increased opportunities to access content in unauthorized ways. Additionally, negative economic conditions or a shift in government priorities or policies could lead to less enforcement. These developments require us to devote substantial resources to protecting our IP against unlicensed use and present the risk of increased losses of revenue as a result of unlicensed distribution of our content and other commercial misuses of our IP. The legal landsca