=== UDR_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors . We encourage investors to review these risk factors. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore such statements included in this Report may not prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved. Forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date of this Report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except to the extent otherwise required by law. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully in Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: Unfavorable Apartment Market and Economic Conditions Could Adversely Affect Occupancy Levels, Rental Revenues and the Value of Our Real Estate Assets. The Geographic Concentration of Our Communities in Certain Markets Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Operations if a Particular Market is Adversely Impacted by Economic or Other Conditions. We May Be Unable to Renew Leases or Relet Apartment Units as Leases Expire, or the Terms of Renewals or New Leases May Be Less Favorable Than Current Leases. We Face Risks Related to Inflation/Deflation. Competition Could Limit Our Ability to Lease Apartment Homes or Increase or Maintain Rents. We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits of Past or Future Acquisitions, and the Failure to Integrate Acquired Communities and New Personnel Successfully Could Create Inefficiencies. Competition Could Adversely Affect Our Ability to Acquire Properties. Development and Construction Risks Could Impact Our Profitability. An Epidemic, Pandemic or Other Health Crisis, and Measures Intended to Prevent the Spread of Such an Event, Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on our Business, Results of Operations, Cash Flows and Financial Condition. Bankruptcy or Defaults of Our Counterparties Could Adversely Affect Our Performance. 2 Table of Contents We Could Incur Significant Insurance Costs and Some Potential Losses May Not Be Adequately Covered by Insurance. The Adoption of, or Changes to, Rent Control, Rent Stabilization, Eviction, Tenants Rights and Similar Laws and Regulations in Our Markets Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations and Property Values. Risks of Litigation. A Breach of Information Technology Systems On Which We Rely Could Materially and Adversely Impact Our Business, Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Reputation. Changing Interest Rates Could Increase Interest Costs and Adversely Affect Our Cash Flows and the Market Price of Our Common Stock. Insufficient Cash Flow Could Affect Our Debt Financing and Create Refinancing Risk. Failure to Generate Sufficient Income Could Impair Debt Service Payments and Distributions to Stockholders. Failure To Maintain Our Current Credit Ratings Could Adversely Affect Our Cost of Funds, Related Margins, Liquidity, and Access to Capital Markets. Disruptions in Financial Markets May Adversely Impact the Availability and Cost of Credit and Have Other Adverse Effects on Us and the Market Price of Our Common Stock. We Would Incur Adverse Tax Consequences if We Failed to Qualify as a REIT. Changes in Market Conditions and Volatility of Stock Prices Could Adversely Affect the Market Price of Our Common Stock. We May Change the Dividend Policy for Our Common Stock in the Future. Limitations on Share Ownership and Limitations on the Ability of Our Stockholders to Effect a Change in Control of Our Company Restrict the Transferability of Our Stock and May Prevent Takeovers That are Beneficial to Our Stockholders. 3 Table of Contents Item 1. BUSINESS General UDR is a self-administered real estate investment trust, or REIT, that owns, operates, acquires, renovates, develops, redevelops, disposes of, and manages multifamily apartment communities in targeted markets located in the United States. At December 31, 2025, our consolidated real estate portfolio consisted of 165 communities located in 21 markets, consisting of 55,240 completed apartment homes, which are held directly or through our subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership and the DownREIT Partnership, and consolidated joint ventures. In addition, we have an ownership interest in 12,167 completed or to-be-completed apartment homes through unconsolidated joint ventures or partnerships, including 6,766 apartment homes owned by entities in which we hold preferred equity investments. At December 31, 2025, the Company was developing one wholly-owned community totaling 300 apartment homes, none of which have been completed . In addition, the Company is incurring and capitalizing costs directly related to predevelopment activities in preparation of future development commencements. UDR has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which we refer to in this Report as the Code. To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must continue to meet certain tests which, among other things, generally require that our assets consist primarily of real estate assets, our income be derived primarily from real estate assets, and that we distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (other than our net capital gains) to our stockholders annually. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes at the corporate level on our net income to the extent we distribute such net income to our stockholders annually. In 2025, we declared total distributions of $1.72 per common share and paid dividends of $1.715 per common share. Dividends Dividends Declared in Paid in 2025 2025 First Quarter $ 0.4300 $ 0.4250 Second Quarter 0.4300 0.4300 Third Quarter 0.4300 0.4300 Fourth Quarter 0.4300 0.4300 Total $ 1.7200 $ 1.7150 UDR was formed in 1972 as a Virginia corporation. In June 2003, we changed our state of incorporation from Virginia to Maryland. Our corporate offices are located at 1745 Shea Center Drive, Suite 200, Highlands Ranch, Colorado and our telephone number is (720) 283-6120. Our website is www.udr.com . The information contained on our website, including any information referred to in this Report as being available on our website, is not a part of or incorporated into this Report. As of December 31, 2025, there were 190.1 million units in the Operating Partnership ( OP Units ) outstanding, of which 176.6 million OP Units (including 0.1 million of general partnership units), or 92.9%, were owned by UDR and 13.5 million OP Units, or 7.1%, were owned by outside limited partners. As of December 31, 2025, there were 32.4 million units in the DownREIT Partnership ( DownREIT Units ) outstanding, of which 23.3 million, or 71.9%, were owned by UDR and its subsidiaries and 9.1 million, or 28.1%, were owned by outside limited partners. The consolidated financial statements of UDR include the noncontrolling interests of the unitholders in the Operating Partnership and DownREIT Partnership. Human Capital Management Our people are fundamental to executing our strategy, serving our residents and customers, and delivering long-term value for our company and shareholders. We focus on building a workforce and culture that supports operational excellence, strong leadership, and an associate experience that attracts, develops, motivates, and retains talent in a competitive labor environment. As of December 31, 2025, our Company had approximately 1,420 full-time associates and 6 part-time associates, all of whom are dedicated to the success of our organization. Within this workforce, 1,034 associates are focused on roles directly associated with our communities, while the remaining associates contribute to various corporate functions. 4 Table of Contents Strategy and Governance In 2025, we strengthened our human capital foundation and advanced a multi-year Human Resources ( HR ) evolution roadmap designed to build a scalable, disciplined people-function capable of supporting long-term growth and transformation. HR placed an emphasis on strengthening execution, reducing risk, and improving consistency across key human capital practices. Across the organization, leadership and HR partner to build a culture aligned to strategy and ensure human capital risks and opportunities are identified and addressed through policy, process, and governance enhancements. We report to our Board of Directors at least annually with respect to our human capital initiatives, including evaluations and analyses. Associate Engagement and Culture Workforce health is a competitive advantage for us. In 2025, we maintained strong engagement results that were consistently above industry benchmarks and experienced turnover that remained well below industry averages, reflecting trust in leadership, alignment to strategy, and a positive outlook for the future. Turnover continued to trend downward, reaching 19.4%, which outperformed the industry benchmark of 34% and improved compared to prior periods. These results reinforce our view that continued investment in the associate experience supports performance, retention, and organizational resilience. In 2025, we activated our culture and people philosophy through the launch of Life@UDR, our company-wide culture platform and employee value proposition. This work strengthened how we communicate across the organization and improved clarity and connection for both associates and candidates through consistent storytelling, refreshed communications channels, and a more cohesive cultural narrative. Associate Compensation We believe competitive rewards are essential to attracting and retaining talent, and we are committed to maintaining fair, market-competitive compensation practices. To support informed and equitable decisions, we benchmark compensation using a combination of broad-based market data and industry- and geography-specific public compensation information, and we review and adjust our salary ranges as appropriate. These benchmarks and related compensation updates are reviewed annually with executive leadership and presented to our Board of Directors to support oversight of our compensation practices. To strengthen governance and alignment between pay and performance, we also improved compensation oversight and structure, including centralized ownership of the annual compensation planning cycle, an internal Compensation Committee to provide executive-level oversight, a company-wide market-pricing refresh and streamlined pay structures, and a redesigned officer bonus plan to strengthen performance accountability and alignment between results and rewards. Associate Health and Wellness We believe robust and affordable benefits programs are essential to prioritizing the well-being of our associates. In response to associate feedback and rising healthcare costs, we redesigned medical benefits to better align with market practices by simplifying plan options, introducing a high-deductible plan with employer-funded Health Savings Account ( HSA ) contributions, conducting active enrollment to increase education and participation, and expanding family planning benefits to include infertility coverage and support. We continued differentiated wellbeing support through our Lifestyle Spending Account benefit, which provides associates with $1,000 annually to spend as they choose, with nearly 91% participation companywide. 5 Table of Contents Associate Growth and Development We invest in learning and development to improve leadership capability, support internal mobility, and strengthen performance outcomes. In 2025, we advanced manager effectiveness through a unified enterprise learning strategy and targeted training aligned to key moments in the talent journey. In total, over 10,000 training courses are available to our associates, spanning topics such as leasing skills, property maintenance, customer service, project management, and leadership development. In 2025, our associates collectively invested 32,508 hours in training, averaging 23 hours per full time associate. By the end of 2025, 99% of associates had completed annual IT security training, fair housing, harassment, workplace violence, diversity and inclusion, and business ethics training. A strong talent pipeline and thoughtful succession planning support business continuity and execution. In 2025, we modernized key talent processes and expanded tools to support performance management, talent reviews, and succession planning, including the deployment of modules to support performance reviews, potential assessments, and succession planning. We use structured talent frameworks to promote consistent performance expectations and to identify and develop high-performing and high-potential talent. We also evaluate retention risk and business impact as part of leadership-level talent discussions to inform targeted development, engagement, and succession actions. Compliance and Risk Mitigation We partner closely with legal and operational leaders to manage employment-related risk, maintain compliance, and drive consistent workplace practices. In 2025, key enhancements included strengthening employment law and employee relations support, improving compensation governance, and implementing new and updated policies and controls to mitigate risk and strengthen compliance. Diversity and Inclusion We seek to attract qualified talent while maintaining fair and consistent hiring processes and prioritize respect, fairness, and the promotion of diverse perspectives. As of December 31, 2025, our workforce is comprised of 62% male and 38% female associates, with an ethnic composition of 49% White, 30% Hispanic/Latino, 13% Black, 3% Asian, and 6% Other. Our management team (including resident services managers and more senior job classifications) reflects a gender balance of 45% male and 55% female, with an ethnic breakdown of 63% White and 37% non-White. Over the three-year period ending December 31, 2025, 438 promotions occurred, with 52% of those promoted to resident services manager, director, or more senior job classifications being female and 44% non-White. Reporting Segments We report in two segments: Same-Store Communities and Non-Mature Communities/Other . Our S ame-Store Communities segment represents those communities acquired, developed, and stabilized prior to January 1, 2024, and held as of December 31, 2025. These communities were owned and had stabilized occupancy and operating expenses as of the beginning of the prior year, there is no plan to conduct substantial redevelopment activities, and the communities are not classified as held for disposition at year end. A community is considered to have stabilized occupancy once it achieves 90% occupancy for at least three consecutive months. Our Non-Mature Communities/Other segment represents those communities that do not meet the criteria to be included in Same-Store Communities, including, but not limited to, recently acquired, developed and redeveloped communities, and the non-apartment components of mixed use properties. For additional information regarding our operating segments, see Note 16, Reportable Segments , in the Notes to the UDR Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report. 6 Table of Contents Business Objectives Our principal business objective is to maximize the economic returns of our apartment communities in a sustainable manner to provide our stockholders with the greatest possible total return and value. To achieve this objective, we intend to continue to pursue the following goals and strategies: own and operate a diversified portfolio of apartments in targeted markets in the United States, which are characterized by strong total income growth, high long-term working age population growth, relatively robust rental versus single-family home affordability and favorable demand/supply ratio for multifamily housing, thus enhancing stability and predictability of returns to our stockholders; manage real estate cycles by taking an opportunistic approach to buying, selling, renovating, redeveloping, and developing apartment communities; empower our associates to manage our communities efficiently and effectively to improve resident satisfaction; measure and reward associates based on specific performance targets; and manage our capital structure with the intent of lowering our relative cost of capital to enhance profitability and predictability of liquidity, earnings and dividends. 2025 Highlights Commitment to Shareholders In July 2025, the Company marked its 53 rd year as a REIT and, in October 2025, paid its 212 th consecutive quarterly dividend. The Company s annualized declared 2025 dividend of $1.72 represented a 1.2% increase over the previous year. Earnings Results Net income attributable to common stockholders was $372.9 million as compared to $84.8 million in the prior year. The primary drivers for the increase were higher gains from dispositions of real estate as we sold more assets in 2025 when compared to the same period in 2024, higher total net operating income ( NOI ), higher interest income and other income/(expense) primarily driven by a non-cash loan reserve recorded in 2024, and lower depreciation expense primarily due to fully depreciated assets and real estate assets sold in 2025 and 2024. Total revenues increased 2.4% over the prior year primarily due to overall market rent growth and communities acquired and completion of developments during 2024, partially offset by dispositions of real estate in 2025 and 2024. We achieved Same-Store revenue growth of 2.4% and Same-Store NOI growth of 2.3%. Investing and Developments We acquired two operating communities located in Philadelphia, PA and Woodbridge, VA increasing total assets by approximately $330.2 million. We commenced the development of one community located in Riverside, California, with a total of 300 apartment homes. We received gross proceeds of $211.5 million and recognized gains of $47.9 million from the sale of two operating communities located in Brooklyn, New York and Englewood, New Jersey. We contributed four wholly-owned operating communities to our existing joint venture with LaSalle, while maintaining our 51.0% ownership interest in the venture. In connection with the contribution, our joint venture partner contributed cash and new debt was placed on the newly contributed operating communities and certain existing operating communities, resulting in the Company receiving approximately $202.8 7 Table of Contents million of cash proceeds and recognizing a gain of $195.0 million from the partial sale of the operating communities. We received distributions totaling $204.2 million from the Company s unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships, which includes $97.3 million from the full repayment of two preferred equity investments and the partial repayment of one preferred equity investment. We fully funded three preferred equity investments totaling $72.6 million that own three operating communities with a total of 1,006 apartment homes. Balance Sheet We repurchased 3.3 million shares of common stock for approximately $117.8 million. We amended our Term Loan to extend the maturity date to January 31, 2029, with two one-year extension options. We amended our Working Capital Credit Facility to extend the maturity date from January 12, 2026, to January 12, 2027, with two one-year extension options. Corporate Responsibility Report We published our 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report on our website, which discloses our environmental and social initiatives, programs, and performance. The report s Corporate Responsibility disclosures were, to the extent applicable, prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (core), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards, and the Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) framework. Refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for further information on the Company s activities in 2025. Our Strategic Vision Our strategic vision is to be the multifamily public REIT of choice for investors. We intend to realize this vision by executing on our strategic objectives, which are: 1. Maintaining a Diversified Portfolio and Allocating Capital to Accretive Investment Opportunities 2. Maintaining a Strong Balance Sheet 3. Consistently Driving Operating Excellence 4. Advancing a Strong Corporate Culture and Striving for High Resident Satisfaction Maintaining a Diversified Portfolio and Allocating Capital to Accretive Investment Opportunities We believe greater portfolio diversification, as defined by geographic concentration, location within a market (i.e., urban or suburban) and property quality (i.e., A or B), reduces the volatility of our same-store growth throughout the real estate cycle, appeals to a wider renter and investor audience, lessens the market risk associated with owning a homogenous portfolio, and provides more opportunities for accretive external growth when appropriate. Diversified characteristics of our portfolio include: our consolidated apartment portfolio includes 165 communities located in 21 markets throughout the U.S., including both coastal and sunbelt locations; our communities that are located proximate to each other within a market provide enhanced economics; and our mix of urban/suburban communities is approximately 32%/68% and our mix of A/B quality properties is approximately 44%/56%. 8 Table of Contents We are focused on increasing our presence in markets with favorable job formation and income growth, high propensity to rent, strong relative affordability for rental versus homeownership, and a favorable demand/supply ratio for multifamily housing. Portfolio investment decisions consider internal analyses and third-party research. Acquisitions and Dispositions When evaluating potential acquisitions, we consider a wide variety of factors, including, but not limited to: high long-term working age population growth, relatively robust rental versus single-family home affordability, measured long-term new supply growth, overall potential for strong total income growth; the tax and regulatory environment of the market in which the property is located; geographic location, including proximity to jobs, entertainment, transportation, and our existing communities which can deliver significant economies of scale; our climate assessments for the market and sub-market in which the property is located; construction quality, condition, design and sustainability features of, or the potential to implement sustainability initiatives at, the property; current and projected cash flow of the property and the ability to increase cash flow; ability of the property s projected returns to exceed our cost of capital; potential for capital appreciation of the property; ability to increase the value and profitability of the property through operations and redevelopment; terms of resident leases, including the potential for rent increases; occupancy and demand by residents for properties of a similar type in the vicinity; prospects for liquidity through sale, financing or refinancing of the property; and competition from existing multifamily communities and the potential for the construction of new multifamily properties in the area. We regularly monitor our assets to increase the quality and performance of our portfolio. Factors we consider in deciding whether to dispose of a property include, but not limited to: current market price for an asset compared to projected economics for that asset; whether it is in a market targeted for divestment or a reduction in investment; potential increases in new construction in the market area; areas with low long-term job growth prospects; near- and long-term capital expenditure needs for the asset; and operating efficiencies. 9 Table of Contents The following table summarizes our apartment community acquisitions and dispositions and our consolidated year-end ownership position for the past five years ( dollars in thousands ): 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 Homes acquired 884 173 (b) 1,889 433 5,426 Homes disposed 1,347 (a) 214 1,604 (c) 90 651 Homes owned at December 31, 55,240 55,696 55,550 54,999 53,229 Total real estate owned, at cost $ 16,487,885 $ 16,213,363 $ 16,023,859 $ 15,570,072 $ 14,740,803 (a) Includes 974 apartment homes from the partial sale of four operating communities to an existing joint venture. (b) In January 2024, the Company acquired its joint venture partner s common equity interest in a 173 apartment home operating community. The community was previously owned by a consolidated joint venture of the Company. (c) Includes 1,328 apartment homes from the partial sale of four operating communities to a newly formed joint venture. Development Activities Our objective in developing a community is to create value while improving the quality of our portfolio. How demographic trends, economic drivers, and multifamily fundamentals and valuations have trended over the long-term and our portfolio strategy generally govern our review process on where and when to allocate development capital. At December 31, 2025, the Company was developing one wholly-owned community totaling 300 apartment homes, none of which have been completed . In addition, the Company is incurring and capitalizing costs directly related to predevelopment activities in preparation of future development commencements. Redevelopment Activities Our objective in redeveloping a community is twofold: we aim to grow rental rates while also producing a higher yielding and more valuable asset through asset quality improvement. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred $56.1 million in major renovations, which included major structural changes and/or architectural revisions to existing buildings. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had no communities at which it was conducting substantial redevelopment activities . Joint Venture and Partnership Activities We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, joint ventures (including limited liability companies or partnerships) through which we own an indirect economic interest of less than 100% of the community or communities owned directly by such joint ventures. Our decision to either hold an apartment community in fee simple or have an indirect interest in the community through a joint venture is based on a variety of factors and considerations, including: (i) the economic and tax terms required by the seller of land or a community; (ii) our desire to diversify our portfolio of communities by market, submarket and product type; (iii) our desire at times to preserve our capital resources to maintain liquidity or balance sheet strength; and (iv) our projections, in some circumstances, that we will achieve higher returns on our invested capital or reduce our risk if a joint venture vehicle is used. Each joint venture agreement is individually negotiated, and our ability to operate and/or dispose of a community in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the joint venture agreement. Maintaining a Strong Balance Sheet We maintain a capital structure that we believe allows us to proactively source potential investment opportunities in the marketplace. We have structured our debt maturity schedule to be able to opportunistically access both secured and unsecured debt markets when appropriate. As part of our plan to finance our activities, we utilize proceeds from debt and equity offerings and refinancings to extend maturities, pay down existing debt, fund development and redevelopment activities, and acquire apartment communities. 10 Table of Contents Consistently Driving Operational Excellence Investment in new technologies continues to drive operating efficiencies in our business and helps us to better meet the changing needs of our business and our residents. Our residents can conduct business with us 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, including completing online leasing applications and renewals and submitting maintenance or other requests throughout our portfolio using our web-based resident internet portal or, increasingly, a smart-device application. As a result of transforming our operations through technology, residents satisfaction has improved, and our operating teams have become more efficient. Web-based technologies have also resulted in declining marketing and advertising costs, improved cash management, and better pricing management of our available apartment homes. Advancing a Strong Corporate Culture and Ensuring High Resident Satisfaction Refer to Human Capital Management section above , for further information on the Company s corporate culture. Competitive Conditions Competition for new residents is generally intense across our markets. Some competing communities offer amenities that our communities do not have. Competing communities can use rental concessions or lower rents to obtain temporary competitive advantages. Also, some competing communities are larger or newer than our communities. The competitive position of each community is different depending upon many factors, including sub-market supply and demand. In addition, other real estate investors compete with us to acquire existing properties, redevelop existing properties, and to develop new properties. These competitors include insurance companies, pension and investment funds, public and private real estate companies, investment companies and other public and private apartment REITs, some of which may have greater resources, or lower capital costs, than we do. We believe that, in general, we are well-positioned to compete effectively for residents and investments. We believe our competitive advantages include: a fully integrated organization with property management, development, redevelopment, acquisition, marketing, sales and financing expertise; scalable operating and support systems, which include automated systems to meet the changing needs of our residents and to effectively focus on our internet-based marketing efforts; access to diversified sources of capital; geographic diversification with a presence in 21 markets across the country; and significant presence in many of our major markets that allows us to be a local operating expert. Moving forward, we will continue to improve lease management, improve expense control, increase resident retention efforts and align employee incentive plans with metrics that impact our bottom-line performance. We believe this plan of operation, coupled with the portfolio s strengths in targeting renters across a geographically diverse platform, should position us for continued operational upside. Communities At December 31, 2025, our consolidated real estate portfolio included 165 communities with a total of 55,240 completed apartment homes. The overall quality of our portfolio relative to other properties generally enables us to charge higher rents and to attract residents with higher levels of disposable income who are more likely to absorb such rents. At December 31, 2025, the Company was developing one wholly-owned community totaling 300 apartment homes, none of which have been completed . In addition, the Company is incurring and capitalizing costs directly related to predevelopment activities in preparation of future development commencements. 11 Table of Contents At December 31, 2025, the Company had no communities at which it was conducting substantial redevelopment activities . Same-Store Community Comparison We believe that one pertinent quantitative measurement of the performance of our portfolio is tracking the results of our Same-Store Communities NOI, which is total rental revenue, less rental and other operating expenses excluding property management. Our Same-Store Community population is comprised of operating communities which we own and have stabilized occupancy, revenues and expenses as of the beginning of the prior year. Net income attributable to common stockholders was $372.9 million as compared to $84.8 million in the prior year. The primary drivers for the increase were higher gains from dispositions of real estate as we sold more assets in 2025 when compared to the same period in 2024, higher interest income and other income/(expense) primarily driven by no non-cash loan reserve in 2025 as compared to a $37.3 million non-cash loan reserve in 2024, higher total NOI, and lower depreciation expense primarily due to fully depreciated assets and real estate assets sold in 2025 and 2024. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our Same-Store NOI increased by $24.3 million compared to the prior year. Our Same-Store Community properties provided 95.0% of our total NOI for the year ended December 31, 2025. The increase in NOI for the 53,468 Same-Store apartment homes, or 96.8% of our portfolio, was primarily driven by an increase in market rental rates, an increase in reimbursement, ancillary and fee income, a decrease in bad debt, and a decrease in vacancy loss, partially offset by higher utilities expense, higher administration and marketing costs, higher personnel costs, and higher real estate tax expense. Revenue growth in 2026 may be impacted by adverse developments affecting the general economy, inclusive of but not limited to economic conditions as a result of a recession or economic uncertainty, reduced occupancy rates, increased rental concessions, new supply, increased bad debt and other factors which may adversely impact our ability to increase rents. Tax Matters UDR has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code. To continue to qualify as a REIT, UDR must continue to meet certain tests that, among other things, generally require that our assets consist primarily of real estate assets, our income be derived primarily from real estate assets, and that we distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (other than net capital gains) to our stockholders annually. Provided we maintain our qualification as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes at the corporate level on our net income to the extent such net income is distributed to our stockholders annually. Even if we continue to qualify as a REIT, we will continue to be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. We may utilize our taxable REIT subsidiary ( TRS ) to engage in activities that REITs may be prohibited from performing, including the provision of management and other services to third parties and the conduct of certain nonqualifying real estate transactions. Our TRS generally is taxable as a regular corporation, and therefore, subject to federal, state and local income taxes. Inflation Inflation primarily impacts our results of operations as a result of wage pressures and increases in utilities and repair and maintenance costs. In addition, inflation could also impact our general and administrative expenses, the interest on our debt if variable or refinanced in a high-inflationary environment, our cost of capital, and our cost of development, redevelopment, maintenance or other operating activities. However, the majority of our apartment leases have initial terms of 12 months or less, which in an inflationary environment, and absent other factors such as increased supply, generally enables us to compensate for inflationary effects by increasing rents on our apartment homes. Although an extreme or sustained escalation in costs could have a negative impact on our residents and their ability to absorb rent increases, we do not believe this had a material impact on our results for the year ended December 31, 2025 . Environmental Matters Various environmental laws govern certain aspects of the ongoing operation of our communities. Such environmental laws include those regulating the existence of asbestos-containing materials in buildings, management of surfaces with lead-based paint (and notices to residents about the lead-based paint), use of active underground petroleum 12 Table of Contents storage tanks, and waste-management activities. The failure to comply with such requirements could subject us to a government enforcement action and/or claims for damages by a private party. To date, compliance with federal, state and local environmental protection regulations has not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. We have a property management plan for hazardous materials. As part of the plan, Phase I environmental site investigations and reports have been completed for each property we acquire. In addition, all proposed acquisitions are inspected prior to acquisition. The inspections are conducted by qualified environmental consultants, and we review the issued report prior to the purchase or development of any property. Nevertheless, it is possible that the environmental assessments will not reveal all environmental liabilities, or that some material environmental liabilities exist of which we are unaware. In some cases, we have abandoned otherwise economically attractive acquisitions because the costs of removal or control of hazardous materials have been prohibitive or we have been unwilling to accept the potential risks involved. We do not believe we will be required to engage in any large-scale abatement at any of our properties. We believe that through professional environmental inspections and testing for asbestos, lead paint and other hazardous materials, coupled with a relatively conservative posture toward accepting known environmental risk, we can minimize our exposure to potential liability associated with environmental hazards. Federal legislation requires owners and landlords of residential housing constructed prior to 1978 to disclose to potential residents or purchasers of the communities any known lead paint hazards and imposes treble damages for failure to provide such notification. In addition, lead based paint in any of the communities may result in lead poisoning in children residing in that community if chips or particles of such lead based paint are ingested, and we may be held liable under state laws for any such injuries caused by ingestion of lead based paint by children living at the communities. We are unaware of any environmental hazards at any of our properties that individually or in the aggregate may have a material adverse impact on our operations or financial position. We have not been notified by any governmental authority, and we are not otherwise aware, of any material non-compliance, liability, or claim relating to environmental liabilities in connection with any of our properties. We do not believe that the cost of continued compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on us or our financial condition or results of operations. Future environmental laws, regulations, or ordinances, however, may require additional remediation of existing conditions that are not currently actionable. Also, if more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the future, the costs of compliance could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition. Insurance We carry comprehensive general liability coverage on our communities, with limits of liability we believe to be customary within the multi-family apartment industry to insure against liability claims and related defense costs. We are also insured, with limits of liability we believe to be customary within the multi-family apartment industry, against the risk of direct physical damage on a replacement cost basis, including loss of rental income during the reconstruction period. Available Information We file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. You may obtain a free copy of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports on the day of filing with the SEC on our website at www.udr.com , or by sending an e-mail message to ir@udr.com. 13 Table of Contents Item 1A. RISK FACTORS There are many factors that affect the business and the results of operations of the Company, some of which are beyond its control. The following is a description of material factors that may cause the Company s actual results in future periods to differ materially from those currently expected or discussed in forward-looking statements set forth in this Report relating to our financial results, operations and business prospects. Forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date of this Report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except to the extent otherwise required by law. These risks are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. Risks Related to Our Real Estate Investments and Our Operations Unfavorable Apartment Market and Economic Conditions Could Adversely Affect Occupancy Levels, Rental Revenues and the Value of Our Real Estate Assets. Unfavorable market conditions in the areas in which we operate or unfavorable economic conditions generally, may significantly affect our occupancy levels, our rental rates and collections, the value of our properties and our ability to acquire or dispose of apartment communities on economically favorable terms. Our ability to lease our properties at favorable rates is adversely affected by increases in supply in the multifamily and other rental markets and is dependent upon the overall level in the economy, which is adversely affected by, among other things, job losses and unemployment levels, recession, debt levels, housing markets, stock market volatility, any federal government shutdown and uncertainty about the future. Our major expenses generally do not decline when related rents decline. We would expect that declines in our occupancy levels and rental and other revenues would cause us to have less cash available to pay our indebtedness and to distribute to our stockholders, which could adversely affect our financial condition or the market value of our securities. Factors that have in the past and may in the future affect our occupancy levels, our rental revenues, and/or the value of our properties include the following, among others: downturns in global, national, regional and local economic conditions, particularly increases in unemployment, including as a result of tariffs, geopolitical tensions, government shutdowns or otherwise; declines in mortgage interest rates, making alternative housing options more affordable; government or builder incentives with respect to home ownership, making alternative housing options more attractive; local real estate market conditions, including oversupply of, or reduced demand for, apartment homes; declines in the financial condition of our tenants, which may make it more difficult for us to collect rents from some tenants; changes in market rental rates; our ability to renew leases or re-lease space on favorable terms; the timing and costs associated with property improvements, repairs or renovations; changes in household formation; and rent control or stabilization laws, or other laws regulating or impacting rental housing, which could prevent us from raising rents to offset increases in operating costs or otherwise impact us. The Geographic Concentration of Our Communities in Certain Markets Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Operations if a Particular Market is Adversely Impacted by Economic or Other Conditions. For the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 74.5% of our total NOI was generated from communities located in Metropolitan D.C. (15.7%), Boston, MA (11.7%), Orange County, CA (10.9%), the San Francisco Bay Area, CA (8.9%), Dallas, TX (8.0%), New York, NY (7.1%), Seattle, WA (6.5%) and Tampa, FL (5.7%). As a result, if any one or more of these markets is adversely impacted by regional or local economic conditions or real estate market conditions, including new supply, such conditions may have a greater adverse impact on our results of operations than if our portfolio was more geographically diverse. In addition, if one or more of these markets is adversely affected by changes in regional or local regulations, including those related to rent control or stabilization, such regulations may have a greater adverse impact on our results of operations than if our portfolio was more geographically diverse. 14 Table of Contents We May Be Unable to Renew Leases or Relet Apartment Units as Leases Expire, or the Terms of Renewals or New Leases May Be Less Favorable Than Current Leases. When our residents decide to leave our apartments, whether because their leases are not renewed or they leave prior to their lease expiration date, we may not be able to relet their apartment units. Even if leases are renewed or we can relet the apartment units, the terms of renewal or reletting may be less favorable to us than the expiring lease terms. Furthermore, because the majority of our apartment leases have initial terms of 12 months or less, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the apartment units, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are lower than expected rates, then our results of operations and financial condition may be, and have in the past been, adversely affected. If residents do not experience increases in their income or if they experience decreases in their income or job losses, we may be unable to increase or maintain rent and/or delinquencies may increase. We Face Certain Risks Related to Our Retail and Commercial Space. Certain of our properties include retail or commercial space that we lease to third parties. The long-term nature of our retail and commercial leases (generally five to ten years with market-based or fixed-price renewal options) and the characteristics of many of our tenants (small and/or local businesses) may subject us to certain risks. The longer-term leases could result in below market lease rates over time, particularly in an inflationary environment. We may require guarantees and other credit support which may prove to be inadequate or uncollectable, and the failure rate of small and/or local businesses may be higher than average. We may not be able to lease new space for rents that are consistent with our projections or for market rates. Also, when leases for our retail or commercial space terminate either at the end of the lease or because a tenant leaves early, the space may take, and spaces have taken in the past, longer than expected to relet, may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable to us than the prior lease terms, or we may incur additional expenses related to modifications of the spaces in order to satisfy new tenants. Our properties compete with other properties with retail or commercial space. The presence of competitive alternatives may adversely affect our ability to lease space and the level of rents we can obtain. Our retail or commercial tenants may experience financial distress or bankruptcy, or may fail to comply with their contractual obligations, and may seek concessions in order to continue operations or cease their operations, all of which has happened in the past and may occur again in the future, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. We Face Risks Related to Inflation/Deflation. Substantial inflationary or deflationary pressures could have a negative effect on rental rates and property operating expenses. The U.S. economy has during certain periods over the last few years experienced periods of high rates of inflation and could again, including due to pressures related to recently announced tariffs, which has in the past increased, and could in the future increase, our operating expenses due to higher third party vendor costs and increased our interest expense due to higher interest rates on our variable rate debt. Although the short-term nature of our apartment leases may, absent other factors, enable us to compensate for inflationary effects by increasing rents on our apartment homes, an extreme or sustained escalation in costs could have a negative impact on our residents and their ability to absorb rent increases. The general risk of inflation is that interest on our debt, general and administrative expenses, materials costs, labor costs, and other expenses increase at a rate faster than increases in our rental rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We Are Subject to Certain Risks Associated with Selling Apartment Communities, Which Could Limit Our Operational and Financial Flexibility. We periodically dispose of apartment communities that no longer meet our strategic objectives, but adverse market conditions, among other factors, may make it difficult to sell apartment communities we own. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms we set, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser or to close the sale of a property. Furthermore, we may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold or the purchase price may be reduced to cover any cost of correcting defects or making improvements. These conditions may limit our ability to dispose of properties and to change our portfolio in order to meet our strategic objectives, which could in turn adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or our ability to fund other activities in which we may want to engage such as the purchase of properties, development or redevelopment, or funding the Debt and Preferred Equity Program. We are also subject to the following risks in connection with sales of our apartment communities, among others: a significant portion of the proceeds from some property sales may be held by intermediaries in order for such sales to qualify as like-kind exchanges under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, so that any related capital gain can be deferred for federal income tax purposes. 15 Table of Contents As a result, we may not have immediate access to all of the cash proceeds generated from our property sales; and federal tax laws limit our ability to profit on the sale of communities or interests in communities that we have owned for less than two years, and this limitation may prevent us from selling communities when market conditions are favorable or when we may otherwise desire to sell. Competition Could Limit Our Ability to Lease Apartment Homes or Increase or Maintain Rents. Our apartment communities compete with numerous housing alternatives in attracting residents, including other apartment communities, condominiums and single-family rental homes, as well as owner occupied single- and multi-family homes. Competitive housing in a particular area, including new supply, could adversely affect our ability to lease apartment homes and increase or maintain rents, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits of Past or Future Acquisitions, and the Failure to Integrate Acquired Communities and New Personnel Successfully Could Create Inefficiencies. We have acquired in the past, and if presented with attractive opportunities we intend to acquire in the future, apartment communities that meet our investment criteria. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks, among others: we may be unable to obtain financing for acquisitions on favorable terms, or at all, which could cause us to delay or even abandon potential acquisitions; if we seek and are able to finance an acquisition with debt, cash flow from the acquisition may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments on the debt used to finance the acquisition; even if we enter into an acquisition agreement for an apartment community, we may not complete the acquisition for a variety of reasons after incurring certain acquisition-related costs; we may incur significant costs and divert management attention in connection with the evaluation and negotiation of potential acquisitions, including potential acquisitions that we subsequently do not complete; when we acquire an apartment community, we may invest additional amounts in it with the intention of increasing profitability, and these additional investments may not produce the anticipated improvements in profitability; the expected occupancy rates, rental rates and expenses may differ from actual results; and we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate acquired apartment communities and new personnel into our existing operations, and the failure to successfully integrate such apartment communities or personnel will result in inefficiencies that could materially and adversely affect our expected return on our investments and our overall profitability. Competition Could Adversely Affect Our Ability to Acquire Properties. In the past, other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension and investment funds, developer partnerships, investment companies and other public and private REITs, have competed with us to acquire existing properties and to develop new properties, and such competition in the future may limit attractive investment opportunities, which could adversely affect our ability to grow or acquire properties profitably or with attractive returns. Development and Construction Risks Could Impact Our Profitability. In the past we have pursued, and we are currently pursuing, the development and construction of apartment communities. We intend to continue to do so in the future as appropriate opportunities arise. We may conduct development activities through wholly-owned affiliated companies or through joint ventures with unaffiliated parties. Our development and construction activities are subject to the following risks, among others: if we seek construction financing we may be unable to obtain such financing for development activities on favorable terms, or at all, which could cause us to delay or even abandon potential developments; we may experience supply chain constraints, which could result in increased development costs or delay initial occupancy dates for all or a portion of a development community; we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other required governmental or quasi-governmental permits and authorizations, which could result in 16 Table of Contents increased development costs, delay initial occupancy dates for all or a portion of a development community, and require us to abandon our activities entirely with respect to a project for which we are unable to obtain permits or authorizations; costs may be higher or yields may be less than anticipated as a result of delays in completing projects, defaults by our counterparties, higher than expected concessions for lease-up and lower rents than expected, and/or due to increased material, labor or other costs or supply chain disruptions, including as a result of tariffs or changes in immigration laws or their enforcement; we may abandon development opportunities that we have already begun to explore, and we may be unable to recover expenses already incurred in connection with exploring such development opportunities; we may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of a community on schedule, or we may incur development or construction costs that exceed our original estimates, and we may be unable to charge rents that would compensate for any increase in such costs; occupancy rates, rents and concessions at a newly developed community may fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, preventing us from meeting our expected return on our investment and our overall profitability goals; and when we sell communities or properties that we developed or renovated to third parties, we may be subject to warranty or construction defect claims that are uninsured or exceed the limits of our insurance. An Epidemic, Pandemic or Other Health Crisis, and Measures Intended to Prevent the Spread of Such an Event, Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on our Business, Results of Operations, Cash Flows and Financial Condition. We face risks related to an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, which in the past have impacted, and in the future could impact, the markets in which we operate and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. The impact of an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, and measures to prevent the spread of such an event, could materially and adversely affect our business in a number of ways. Our rental revenue and operating results depend significantly on the occupancy levels at our properties and the ability of our residents and retail and commercial tenants to meet their rent obligations to us, which have in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by, among other things, job losses, furloughs, store closures, lower incomes, uncertainty about the future as a result of an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis and related governmental actions such as eviction moratoriums, shelter-in-place orders, prohibitions or limits on charging certain fees, and limitations on collections and or rent increases. Such government actions have affected, and may again in the future affect, our ability to collect rent or enforce legal or contractual remedies for the failure to pay rent, which has in turn negatively impacted, and may in the future negatively impact, our ability to remove residents or retail and commercial tenants who are not paying rent and our ability to rent their units or other space to new residents or retail and commercial tenants, respectively. State, local, and federal governments also have increased, and may in the future increase, property taxes or other taxes or fees, or may enact new taxes or fees, in order to increase revenue in connection with an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis or otherwise, which has in the past increased, and may in the future increase, our expenses. Our development and construction projects, including those in our Debt and Preferred Equity Program, also have been and could in the future be adversely affected by factors related to an epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis. An epidemic, pandemic or other health crisis, or related impacts thereof also could adversely affect the businesses and financial conditions of our counterparties, including our joint venture partners, participants in the Debt and Preferred Equity Program, and general contractors and their subcontractors, and their ability to satisfy their obligations to us and to complete transactions or projects with us as intended. Bankruptcy or Defaults of Our Counterparties Could Adversely Affect Our Performance. We have relationships with and we execute transactions with or receive services from many counterparties, such as general contractors engaged in connection with our development activities, borrowers, and joint venture partners, among others. As a result, bankruptcies or defaults by these counterparties or their subcontractors have resulted in, and in the future could result in, services not being provided as expected, projects not being completed on time, on budget, or at all, or contractual obligations to us not being satisfied. Further, volatility in the financial markets and economic weakness could affect the counterparties ability to complete transactions with us as intended. Either circumstance could result in disruptions to our operations that may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents Property Ownership Through Partnerships and Joint Ventures May Limit Our Ability to Act Exclusively in Our Interest. We have in the past and may in the future develop and/or acquire properties through partnerships and joint ventures, including those in which we own a preferred interest or debt, with other persons or entities when we believe circumstances warrant the use of such structures. As of December 31, 2025, we had active unconsolidated joint ventures and partnerships, including our preferred equity investments, with a total equity investment of $886.5 million. We have in the past, and could in the future, become engaged in a dispute with one or more of our partners which could adversely impact us. Moreover, our partners may have business, economic or other objectives that are inconsistent with our objectives, including objectives that relate to the appropriate timing and terms of any sale or refinancing of a property. In some instances, our partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflicts of interest. Also, our partners have in the past failed and may in the future fail to make capital contributions when due and our partners or the project may otherwise not act or perform as expected, or the property may not be operated in the manner in which we would operate it, any of which may require us to contribute additional capital, acquire our partner s interest or other property, or take other actions that may negatively impact the project or our return. In addition, we may be responsible to our partners for indemnifiable losses. In general, we and our partners may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell or other similar arrangement, which arrangement or other factors could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner s interest or other property, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction and may result in the valuation of our interest in the partnership or joint venture (if we are the seller) or of the other partner s interest in the partnership or joint venture (if we are the buyer) at levels which may not be representative of the valuation that would result from an arm s length marketing process and could cause us to recognize unanticipated capital gains or losses or the loss of fee income. We may also be subject to other risks in connection with partnerships or joint ventures, including (i) a deadlock if we and our partner are unable to agree upon certain major and other decisions (which could result in litigation or disposing of an asset at a time at which we otherwise would not sell the asset), (ii) limitations on our ability to liquidate our position in the partnership or joint venture without the consent of the other partner, and (iii) requirements to provide guarantees in favor of lenders with respect to the indebtedness of the joint venture. We May Not be Permitted to Dispose of Certain Properties or Pay Down the Indebtedness Associated with Those Properties When We Might Otherwise Desire to Do so Without Incurring Additional Costs. In connection with certain property acquisitions, we have agreed with the sellers that we will not dispose of the acquired properties or reduce the mortgage indebtedness on such properties for significant periods of time unless we pay certain of the resulting tax costs of the sellers or dispose of the property in a transaction in which a gain is not recognized for federal income tax purposes by such sellers, and we may enter into similar agreements in connection with future property acquisitions. These agreements could result in us retaining properties that we would otherwise sell or not paying down or refinancing indebtedness that we would otherwise pay down or refinance. However, subject to certain conditions, we generally retain the right to substitute other property or debt to meet these obligations to the sellers. We Could Incur Significant Insurance Costs and Some Potential Losses May Not Be Adequately Covered by Insurance Reserves. We have a comprehensive insurance program covering our properties and operating activities with limits of liability, deductibles and self-insured retentions that we believe are comparable to similarly situated companies, including within the multifamily industry. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits of these policies are adequate and appropriate. There are, however, certain types of extraordinary losses that may not be adequately covered under our insurance program. In addition, we will sustain losses due to insurance deductibles, self-insured retention, uninsured claims or casualties, or losses in excess of applicable coverage. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the future revenue from the property. In such an event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. Material losses in excess of insurance proceeds may occur in the future. If one or more of our properties were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could seriously disrupt our operations, delay revenue and result in large expenses to repair or rebuild the property. Such events could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The cost of insuring our apartment communities and our operations is a component of expense. Insurance premiums and the terms and conditions of insurance policies are subject to significant fluctuations and changes, including recent increases in premiums, which are generally outside of our control. We insure our properties and our operations with insurance companies that we believe have a good rating and financial profile at the time our policies are put into effect. The financial condition of one or more insurance companies that insure us may be negatively impacted, which could result in their inability to pay on future insurance claims. Their inability to pay future claims may have a negative impact on our financial results. In addition, the failure, or exit or partial exit from an insurance market, of one 18 Table of Contents or more insurance companies or other changes in insurance markets in general may affect our ability to obtain insurance coverage in the amounts that we seek, or at all, increase the costs to renew or replace our insurance policies, cause us to self-insure a larger portion of the risk, or increase the cost of insuring properties. Failure to Succeed in New Markets May Limit Our Growth. We have acquired in the past, and we may acquire in the future if opportunities we believe are appropriate arise, apartment communities that are outside of our existing markets. Entering into new markets may expose us to a variety of risks, and we may not be able to operate successfully in new markets. These risks include, among others: inability to accurately evaluate local apartment market conditions and local economies; inability to hire and retain key personnel; lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures; and inability to achieve budgeted financial results. Failure to Succeed with New Initiatives May Limit Our Ability to Grow NOI . We have in the past developed and may in the future develop initiatives or processes that are intended to drive operating efficiencies and grow NOI, including smart home technologies and self-service options that are accessible to residents through smart devices or otherwise. Such initiatives in the past have involved and in the future may involve our associates having new or different responsibilities and processes. We may incur significant costs and divert resources in connection with such initiatives or processes, and these initiatives or processes may not perform as projected, which could adversely affect our results of operations and the market price of our common stock. We may also invest, directly or indirectly, in technology companies developing technologies that are of interest to us and we may not realize the intended benefits of such investments and may incur losses in connection with such investments. Potential Liability for Environmental Contamination Could Result in Substantial Costs. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, as a current or former owner or operator of real estate, we could be required to investigate and remediate the effects of contamination of currently or formerly owned real estate by hazardous or toxic substances, often regardless of our knowledge of or responsibility for the contamination and solely by virtue of our current or former ownership or operation of the real estate. In addition, we could be held liable to a governmental authority or to third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred in connection with the contamination or we could be required to incur additional costs to change how the property is constructed or operated due to presence of such substances. These costs could be substantial, and in many cases environmental laws create liens in favor of governmental authorities to secure their payment. The presence of such substances or a failure to properly remediate any resulting contamination could materially and adversely affect our ability to borrow against, sell or rent an affected property. In addition, our properties are subject to various federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws, including laws governing the management of wastes and underground and aboveground storage tanks. Noncompliance with these environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to liability. Changes in laws could increase the potential costs of compliance with environmental laws, health and safety laws or increase liability for noncompliance. This may result in significant unanticipated expenditures or may otherwise adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. As the owner or operator of real property, we may also incur liability based on various building conditions. For example, buildings and other structures on properties that we currently own or operate or those we acquire or operate in the future contain, may contain, or may have contained, asbestos-containing material, or ACM, or other hazardous substances. Environmental, health and safety laws require that ACM and other hazardous substances be properly managed and maintained and may impose fines or penalties on owners, operators or employers for non-compliance with those requirements. These requirements include special precautions, such as removal, abatement or air monitoring, if ACM would be disturbed during maintenance, renovation or demolition of a building, potentially resulting in substantial costs. In addition, we may be subject to liability for personal injury or property damage sustained as a result of exposure to ACM or other hazardous substances or releases of ACM or other hazardous substances into the environment. We cannot assure you that costs or liabilities incurred as a result of environmental or building condition issues will not adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Our Properties May Contain or Develop Harmful Mold or Suffer from Other Indoor Air Quality Issues, Which Could Lead to Liability for Adverse Health Effects or Property Damage or Cost for Remediation. When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources, and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants or to increase ventilation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants or others for property damage or personal injury. Compliance or Failure to Comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 or Other Safety Regulations and Requirements Could Result in Substantial Costs. The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (the Americans with Disabilities Act ) generally requires that public buildings, including our properties and other public facing functions related to our business, including our website, be made accessible to disabled persons. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines by the federal government or the award of damages to private litigants. Claims have been asserted, and in the future claims may be asserted, against us with respect to some of our properties or operations under the Americans with Disabilities Act. If, under the Americans with Disabilities Act, we are required to make substantial alterations and capital expenditures in one or more of our properties or otherwise related to our operations, including the removal of access barriers, it could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if claims arise, we may expend resources and incur costs in investigating and resolving such claims even if we or our property was in compliance with the law. Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements and federal, state and local accessibility requirements in addition to those imposed by the Americans with Disabilities Act. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could incur fines or private damage awards. We do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements will require significant unanticipated expenditures that could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. The Adoption of, or Changes to, Rent Control, Rent Stabilization, Eviction, Tenants Rights and Similar Laws and Regulations in Our Markets Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations and Property Values. Various state and local governments as well as the federal government have enacted and may continue to enact rent control, rent stabilization, eviction, tenants rights, allowable fees, and other matters, as well as any lawsuits against us arising from such laws and regulations, may limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, evict delinquent tenants or charge fees, or recover increases in our operating expenses, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of our properties. These laws, regulations and policies may apply prospectively or retroactively. For example, in 2023, Montgomery County, Maryland enacted rent control that initially impacts a portion of our portfolio in that market. In 2024, the State of New York passed the Good Cause Eviction Law, which established rent limits on certain market-rate apartments. In the City of New York, the new administration is seeking to freeze rent increases for covered properties. Although our properties currently have minimal exposure to the city s allowable annual rent increases, such a freeze, or other measures that seek to increase affordability, would in turn reduce our property values. In 2024, the City of Salinas, California passed a rent stabilization ordinance that impacted all our properties within the city. In 2025, the State of Washington enacted statewide rent control, which initially impacts a portion of our properties within the state. In some cases, the increases in rents allowed by such regulations may not offset increases in expenses, whether such increases in expenses are due to inflation or otherwise. We have seen a recent increase in governments enacting or considering, or being urged to consider, such laws and regulations. Federal, state and local governments or courts also have made, and may make in the future, changes to laws related to allowable fees and rents, eviction and other tenants rights laws and regulations (including changes that apply retroactively) that could adversely impact our results of operations and the value of our properties. In addition, the increases in regulations applicable to our business in general may increase our costs of compliance and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. Compliance with or Changes in Real Estate Tax and Other Laws and Regulations Could Adversely Affect Our Funds from Operations and Our Ability to Make Distributions to Stockholders. We are subject to federal, state and local laws, regulations, rules and ordinances at locations where we operate regarding a wide variety of matters that could affect, directly or indirectly, our operations. Generally, we do not directly pass through costs resulting from compliance 20 Table of Contents with or changes in real estate tax laws to residential property tenants. We also do not generally pass through increases in income, service or other taxes to tenants under leases. These costs may adversely affect net operating income and the ability to make distributions to stockholders. Similarly, compliance with or changes in (i) laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or the restrictions on discharges or other conditions, (ii) laws and regulations regulating housing, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988, or (iii) employment related laws, among others, may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation on climate change may result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing communities and also may require us to spend more on our new development communities without a corresponding increase in revenue. In addition, existing laws could be interpreted in a manner that restricts our ability to use systems that we currently use in our operations and we may face litigation or regulatory risk in connection with such laws. Future compliance with new laws of general applicability, laws applicable to companies in our industry, or laws applicable to public companies generally could increase our costs and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. Risk of Litigation . From time to time, we are, and would expect to be in the future, involved in legal proceedings, lawsuits, and other claims with respect to our properties or operations. For example, we have been named as a defendant in a number of cases alleging antitrust violations by RealPage, Inc., a vendor providing revenue management software products, and various owners or managers of multifamily housing, which cases have been consolidated in the United States Court for the Middle District of Tennessee, and cases with similar allegations that have been filed by the District of Columbia, the State of Maryland and the State of Washington. An unfavorable resolution of any litigation may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, being involved in litigation, whether the result is favorable or unfavorable, could negatively impact our reputation. Additionally, litigation, whether the result is favorable or unfavorable, has in the past and may in the future result in substantial costs and expenses and could significantly divert the attention of management. Risk of Damage from Catastrophic Weather and Natural Events . Our communities are located in areas that have experienced, and in the future may experience, catastrophic weather and other natural events from time to time, including mudslides, fires, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, deep freezes, snow or ice storms, or other severe inclement weather. These adverse weather and natural events could cause damage or losses that may be greater than insured levels. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected community, as well as anticipated future revenue from that community. We would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. Any such loss could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Risk of Potential Climate Change . To the extent significant changes in the climate in areas where our communities are located occur, we may experience extreme weather conditions and changes in precipitation and temperature or water levels, all of which could result in physical damage to, and/or a decrease in demand for, our communities located in these areas or communities that are otherwise affected by these changes. Should the impact of such climate changes be material in nature, or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Risk of Earthquake Damage. Some of our communities are located in areas subject to earthquakes, including in the general vicinity of earthquake faults. We cannot assure you that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than insured levels. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected community, as well as anticipated future revenue from that community. We may also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. Any such loss could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Insurance coverage for earthquakes can be costly due to limited industry capacity. As a result, we may experience shortages in desired coverage levels if market conditions are such that insurance is not available or the cost of insurance makes it, in management s view, economically impractical. Risk of Accidental Death or Injury Due to Fire, Natural Disasters or Other Hazards. The accidental death or injury of persons living in our communities due to fire, natural disasters, other hazards, or acts or omissions of third parties could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our insurance coverage may not cover all losses associated with such events, and we may experience difficulty marketing communities where any such events have occurred, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Actual or Threatened Terrorist Attacks and Other Acts of Violence, Destruction or War May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business and Operating Results and Could Decrease the Value of Our Assets. Actual or threatened 21 Table of Contents terrorist attacks and other acts of violence, destruction or war could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. Attacks or other similar actions that directly impact one or more of our apartment communities could significantly affect our ability to operate those communities and thereby impair our ability to achieve our expected results. Further, our insurance coverage may not cover all losses caused by a terrorist attack or similar events. In addition, the adverse effects that such violent acts and threats of future attacks could have on the U.S. economy could similarly have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Mezzanine Loan or Other Loan Assets Involve Greater Risks of Loss than Senior Loans Secured by Income-Producing Properties. We have originated in the past and may in the future originate mezzanine loans, which take the form of subordinated loans secured by second mortgages on the underlying property, or subordinated loans secured by a pledge of the ownership interests of either the entity owning the property, or a pledge of the ownership interests of the entity that owns the interest in the entity owning the property, or loans that are not secured. We have in the past and may in the future originate mezzanine loans for properties or projects that are under development. Mezzanine loans may involve a higher degree of risk than a senior mortgage secured by real property, because the security for the loan may lose all or substantially all of its value as a result of foreclosure by the senior lender and because it is in second position and there may not be adequate equity in the property. Unsecured loans involve higher risk by virtue of being unsecured. In the event of a bankruptcy of the entity providing the pledge of its ownership interests as security, we may not have full recourse to the assets of such entity, or the assets of the entity may not be sufficient to satisfy our mezzanine loan. If a borrower defaults on our loan or debt senior to our loan, or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, our mezzanine or other loan will be satisfied only after the senior debt. As a result, we may not recover some of or all our investment. In addition, mezzanine loans typically have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the property and increasing the risk of loss of principal. Further, foreclosing on our security interest may be delayed or otherwise impacted by the existence of the senior loan, the senior lender s decision regarding whether to enforce its remedies, or the timing of the senior lender s foreclosure or enforcement of other remedies with respect to such loan. If there is a default on the senior debt or an inability to refinance the senior debt, we may contribute additional capital or take other actions that we would not otherwise pursue absent such default or failure. In addition, in the event of a default or other changes in the circumstances of an investment, including a change in the value of the applicable property, we may be, and have been in the past, required to change the manner in which the investment is accounted for, including our ability to recognize earnings, or to recognize an allowance for loan loss or a loss on consolidation. Risk Related to Preferred Equity Investments. We have made in the past and may in the future make preferred equity investments in corporations, limited partnerships, limited liability companies or other entities that have been formed for the purpose of directly or indirectly acquiring, developing and/or managing real property. Generally, we will not have the ability to control the daily operations of the entity, and we will not have the ability to select or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors, managers, general partner or partners or similar governing body of the entity or otherwise control its operations. Although we have sought and would seek to maintain sufficient influence over the entity to achieve our objectives, our partners may have interests that differ from ours and may be in a position to take actions without our consent that are inconsistent with our interests. Further, if our partners were to fail to invest additional capital in the entity when required, which has happened in the past, or otherwise do not perform as expected, we may have to invest additional capital to protect our investment. Our partners have in the past failed, and may in the future fail, to develop or operate the real property, operate the entity, refinance property indebtedness or sell the real property in the manner intended and as a result the entity may not be able to redeem our investment or pay the return expected to us in a timely manner or at all. In addition, we may not be able to dispose of our investment in the entity in a timely manner or at the price at which we would want to divest or at all. Further, the entity may need to refinance third-party debt on terms that are inconsistent with our interests or are terms on which we would not elect to incur debt, or the entity may default on third-party debt. To the extent the entity defaults on third-party debt or is unable to refinance such debt or any portion thereof, we may acquire such debt or otherwise take action, including contributing additional capital, to protect our position that we would not take absent the default or inability to refinance. Such activities have in the past involved and may in the future involve foreclosing on the security interest in the property secured by such debt, seeking a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure or similar remedy or removing our partner, and such activities may involve costs or delays or create other risks, including the risk of claims from our partners. In the event that such an entity fails to meet expectations, defaults on its debt, or becomes insolvent or the investment or the underlying property otherwise does not perform as expected, we may lose all or part of our investment in the entity, be delayed in recovering our investment or the expected returns or directly or indirectly take over the property or the management thereof at a time at which we would not have done so absent the failure to meet expectations or the default. In addition, in the event of a default or other changes in the circumstances of an investment, including a change in the value of the applicable property, we may be, and have been in the past, required to change the manner in which the investment is accounted for, including our ability to recognize earnings, or recognize an impairment or a loss on consolidation. 22 Table of Contents Risks Related to Ground Leases. We have entered into in the past and may in the future enter into, as either landlord or tenant, a long-term ground lease with respect to a property or a portion thereof. Such ground leases may contain a rent reset provision that requires both parties to agree to a new rent or is based upon factors, for example fair market rent, that are not objective and are not within our control. We may not be able to agree with the counterparty to a revised rental rate, or the revised rental rate may be set by external factors, which could result in a different rental rate than we forecasted. In the past we have had disagreements with respect to revised rental rates and certain of such disagreements have gone to arbitration (for resolution as provided in the applicable lease agreement) and have been resolved in a manner adverse to us. In addition, the other party may not perform as expected under the ground lease or there may be a dispute with the other party to the ground lease. Any of these circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. We May Experience a Decline in the Fair Value of Our Assets and Be Forced to Recognize Impairment Charges, Which Could Adversely Impact Our Financial Condition, Liquidity and Results of Operations and the Market Price of Our Common Stock. A decline in the fair value of our assets may require us, and has in the past required us, to recognize an impairment against such assets under generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States ( GAAP ) if we were to determine that, with respect to any assets in unrealized loss positions, we do not have the ability and intent to hold such assets for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery to the amortized cost of such assets. If such a determination were to be made, we would recognize unrealized losses through earnings and write down the amortized cost of such assets to a new cost basis, based on the fair value of such assets on the date they are considered to be impaired. Such impairment charges reflect non-cash losses at the time of recognition; subsequent disposition or sale of such assets could further affect our future losses or gains, as they are based on the difference between the sale price received and adjusted amortized cost of such assets at the time of sale. If we are required to recognize asset impairment charges in the future, these charges could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and the market price of our common stock. Any Material Weaknesses Identified in Our Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Could Have an Adverse Effect on the Market Price of Our Common Stock. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls as a result of changes to our business or otherwise, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, if we have one or more mater