=== TMUS_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Form 10-K, could affect future results and cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: competition, industry consolidation and changes in the market for wireless communications services and other forms of connectivity; cyberattacks, disruptions, data loss or other security breaches; our inability to adopt and deploy network technologies in a timely and effective manner; our inability to effectively execute our digital transformation and drive customer and employee adoption of emerging technologies; our inability to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel or maintain our corporate culture; system failures and business disruptions, allowing for unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems; the scarcity and cost of additional wireless spectrum, and regulations relating to spectrum use; the timing and effects of any pending and future acquisition, investment, joint venture, merger, or divestiture involving us, including our inability to obtain any required regulatory approval necessary to consummate any such transactions or to achieve the expected benefits of such transactions; adverse economic, political or market conditions in the U.S. and international markets, including changes resulting from increases in inflation or interest rates, tariffs and trade restrictions, supply chain disruptions, fluctuations in global currencies, immigration policies, and impacts of geopolitical instability, such as the Ukraine-Russia, Iran-Israel and Israel-Hamas wars and further escalations thereof; operational delays, higher procurement and operational costs, and increased regulatory and compliance complexities, for example, as a result of changes to trade policies, including higher tariffs, restrictions and other economic disincentives to trade; our inability to successfully deliver new products and services; any failure or inability of our third parties (including key suppliers) to provide products or services for the operation of our business; sociopolitical volatility and polarization and risks related to environmental, social and governance matters; our substantial level of indebtedness and our inability to service our debt obligations in accordance with their terms; changes in the credit market conditions, credit rating downgrades or an inability to access debt markets; our inability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; compliance with the current regulatory framework, including our national security obligations, and any changes in regulations or in the regulatory framework under which we operate; laws and regulations relating to the handling of privacy, data protection and artificial intelligence ( AI ); unfavorable outcomes of and increased costs from existing or future regulatory or legal proceedings; difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights or if we infringe on the intellectual property rights of others; our offering of regulated financial services products and exposure to a wide variety of state and federal regulations; new or amended tax laws or regulations or administrative interpretations and judicial decisions affecting the scope or application of tax laws or regulations; our wireless licenses, including those controlled through leasing agreements, are subject to renewal and may be revoked; our exclusive forum provision as provided in our Certificate of Incorporation; interests of Deutsche Telekom AG ( DT ), our controlling stockholder, which may differ from the interests of other stockholders; 4 Table of Contents our current and future stockholder return programs may not be fully utilized, and our share repurchases and dividend payments pursuant thereto may fail to have the desired impact on stockholder value; and future sales of our common stock by DT and our inability to attract additional equity financing outside the United States due to foreign ownership limitations by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ). Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking environmental sustainability related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing and internal controls and processes that continue to evolve. These initiatives are subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including regarding the evolving nature of data availability, quality, and assessment; related methodological concerns; our ability to implement various initiatives under expected timeframes, cost, and complexity; our dependency on third parties to provide certain information and to comply with applicable laws and policies; and other unforeseen events or conditions. For example, we note that standards and expectations regarding greenhouse gas ( GHG ) accounting and the processes for measuring and counting GHG emissions and GHG emission reductions are evolving, and it is possible that our approaches both to measuring our emissions and to reducing emissions and measuring those reductions may be, either currently by some stakeholders or at some point in the future, considered inconsistent with common or best practices with respect to measuring and accounting for such matters, and reducing overall emissions. These factors, as well as others, may cause results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Additionally, we may provide information that is not necessarily material for SEC reporting purposes but that is informed by various other standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data), internal controls, and assumptions or third-party information that are still evolving and subject to change. Our disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable governmental policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. Investors and others should note that we announce material information to our investors using our investor relations website (https://investor.t-mobile.com), newsroom website (https://t-mobile.com/news), press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. We intend to also use certain social media accounts as a means of disclosing information about us and our services and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD (the @TMobileIR X account (https://x.com/TMobileIR), the @SriniGopalan X account (https://x.com/SriniGopalan) and our CEO s LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/in/srini-gopalan/), both of which Mr. Gopalan also uses as a means for personal communications and observations, and the @TMobileCFO X account (https://x.com/tmobilecfo) and our Chief Financial Officer s LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-osvaldik-3887394), both of which Mr. Osvaldik also uses as a means for personal communication and observations). The information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these social media channels in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The social media channels that we intend to use as a means of disclosing the information described above may be updated from time to time as listed on our investor relations website. 5 Table of Contents PART I. Item 1. Business Business Overview and Strategy Un-carrier Strategy As America s supercharged Un-carrier, we have disrupted the telecommunications industry by actively engaging with and listening to our customers and focusing on eliminating their pain points. Our customers benefit from what we believe is an unmatched combination of the best value and best network, alongside an unwavering focus on offering them the best possible service experience and an undisputable drive for disruptive innovation in wireless and beyond. This includes providing added value and what we believe is an exceptional experience while implementing signature Un-carrier initiatives that have changed the industry. We ended annual service contracts, overages, unpredictable international roaming fees and data buckets, among other things. We are inspired by a relentless focus on customer experience, consistently delivering award-winning customer experience, which drives our customer satisfaction levels while enabling operational efficiencies. With what we believe is America s best network, with the largest, fastest, most awarded and most advanced 5G network, the Un-carrier strives to offer customers unrivaled coverage and capacity where they live, work and travel. We believe our network is the foundation of our success and powers everything we do. Our dense and multi-layer network provides an unmatched 5G and overall network experience to our customers, which consists of our foundational layer of low-band, mid-band and millimeter-wave ( mmWave ) spectrum licenses (see Spectrum Position below). This multilayer portfolio of spectrum broadens and deepens our nationwide 5G network, enabling accelerated innovation and increased competition in the U.S. wireless telecommunications industry. We continue to expand the footprint and improve the quality of our network, enabling us to provide what we believe are outstanding wireless experiences for customers who should not have to compromise on quality and value. Our network allows us to deliver new, innovative products and services, such as our 5G broadband fixed wireless product, with the same customer experience focus and industry-disrupting mindset that we have adopted in our journey to redefine wireless communications services in the United States in the customers favor. As part of our relentless, customer-first focus, we are transforming into an AI-enabled, data-informed, digital-first organization to continue delivering differentiated experiences to our customers. Leveraging the latest AI technology and digital capabilities, we are pioneering new approaches to serving customers with a platform to better anticipate and proactively solve their issues, offering personalized self-service options and taking authorized actions on their behalf, while simultaneously creating large-format customer experience stores for customers looking for an immersive experience. Our comprehensive T-Life app is radically simplifying customer experiences with upgrades, add-a-line, and switching transactions all available at customers fingertips, allowing customers and prospects to transact with us wherever and whenever they want. Our Operations As of December 31, 2025, we provide wireless communications and broadband services to 142.4 million postpaid and prepaid customers and generate revenue by providing affordable wireless communications and broadband services to these customers, as well as a wide selection of wireless devices and accessories. We also provide wholesale wireless services to various partners, who then offer the services for sale to their customers. Our most significant expenses relate to operating and expanding our network, providing a full range of devices, acquiring and retaining high-quality customers and compensating employees. We provide services, devices and accessories across our flagship brands, T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile and Mint Mobile, through our T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile owned and operated retail stores, as well as through our websites (www.t-mobile.com, www.metrobyt-mobile.com and www.mintmobile.com), T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile and Mint Mobile apps, customer care channels and through national retailers. In addition, we sell devices to dealers and other third-party distributors for resale through independent third-party retail outlets and a variety of third-party websites. The information on our websites is not part of this Form 10-K. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information. Services and Products We provide wireless communications and broadband services through a variety of service plan options. We also offer for sale to customers a wide selection of wireless devices, including smartphones, wearables, tablets, 5G broadband gateways and other mobile communication devices that are manufactured by various suppliers. 6 Table of Contents We offer a full suite of service plans that provide customers with the features that meet their lifestyle and daily needs. Our most popular current service plan offerings are our premium Experience plans, including Experience More and Experience Beyond, which include unlimited talk, text and data on our network, 5G access at no extra cost, scam protection features, popular streaming subscriptions, in-flight Wi-Fi, access to the same device offers as new customers and more. We also offer an Essentials rate plan for customers who want the basics at a lower price point, and specific rate plans to qualifying customers, including Military and Veterans, First Responder and 55+. At the time of device purchase, qualified customers can finance all or a portion of the individual device or accessory purchase price over an installment period, generally of 24 months, using an equipment installment plan ( EIP ). In addition to our wireless communications services, we offer complementary broadband services including 5G broadband, which is a fixed wireless product available to tens of millions of domestic households utilizing the excess capacity of our nationwide 5G network, and fiber, expanding broadband access and choices for some consumers. With our 5G broadband and fiber plans, customers can access the internet without worrying about annual service contracts, data overages or hidden fees. We also provide products and services that are complementary to our wireless communications and broadband services, including device protection, financial services and advertising. Customers We provide wireless communications and broadband services to a variety of customers needing connectivity, but focus primarily on two categories of customers: Postpaid customers generally are qualified to pay after receiving service utilizing phones, 5G broadband gateways, fiber connections, mobile internet devices (including tablets and hotspots), wearables, DIGITS and other connected devices (including SyncUP and internet of things ( IoT )). We serve consumers as well as business customers, who are provided services under the T-Mobile for Business brand. Prepaid customers generally pay for service in advance. We serve prepaid customers under the T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile, Mint Mobile and Ultra Mobile brands. We also provide Machine-to-Machine ( M2M ) and Mobile Virtual Network Operator ( MVNO ) customers access to our network. This access and the customer relationship are managed by wholesale partners, with whom we have commercial agreements permitting them to sell services utilizing our network. We generate the majority of our service revenues by providing wireless communications and broadband services to postpaid and prepaid customers. Our ability to attract and retain postpaid and prepaid customers is important to our business in the generation of service revenues, equipment revenues and other revenues. In 2025, our service revenues generated by providing wireless communications and broadband services by customer category were: 81% Postpaid customers; 15% Prepaid customers; and 4% Wholesale and other services. Substantially all of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, were earned in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Network Strategy Utilizing our multilayer spectrum portfolio, our mission is to become Famous for Network and we have been recognized by third parties for having America s best network. We have deployed low-band, mid-band and mmWave spectrum dedicated for 5G across our dense and broad network to create what we believe is America s largest, fastest, most awarded and most advanced 5G network. We believe our spectrum position and focus on technology leadership will continue to drive network differentiation. Our innovative Customer-Driven Coverage ( CDC ) approach to network investments, and leadership in deploying the latest network technologies including Massive Multiple-input Multiple-output ( Massive MIMO ), Voice over New Radio ( VoNR ), Low Latency, Low Loss, Scalable Throughput ( L4S ), four-carrier and higher order aggregation, dynamic network slicing and the U.S. s first broad deployment of 5G Advanced, are enabled by our scaled nationwide 5G standalone network. 7 Table of Contents We are also part of an alliance working to bring Radio Access Network ( RAN ) and AI innovation closer together to deliver transformational network experiences in the future. Spectrum Position We provide wireless communications services utilizing low-band spectrum licenses covering our 600 MHz and 700 MHz spectrum, mid-band spectrum licenses, such as Advanced Wireless Services ( AWS ), Personal Communications Services ( PCS ) and 2.5 GHz spectrum, and mmWave spectrum. We controlled an average of 394 MHz of combined low- and mid-band spectrum nationwide as of December 31, 2025. This spectrum is comprised of: An average of 43 MHz in the 600 MHz band; An average of 12 MHz in the 700 MHz band; An average of 14 MHz in the 800 MHz band; An average of 42 MHz in the 1700 MHz AWS band; An average of 68 MHz in the 1900 MHz PCS band; An average of 185 MHz in the 2.5 GHz band; An average of 3 MHz in the 3.45 GHz band; and An average of 27 MHz in the C-band. We controlled an average of 1,059 GHz of combined mmWave spectrum licenses as of December 31, 2025. In September 2023, we entered into a License Purchase Agreement with Comcast Corporation and its affiliate, Comcast OTR1, LLC (together with Comcast Corporation, Comcast ) pursuant to which we will acquire spectrum in the 600 MHz band in exchange for total cash consideration of between $1.2 billion and $3.3 billion. On January 13, 2025, we and Comcast entered into an amendment to the License Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we will acquire additional spectrum. Subsequent to the amendment, the total cash consideration for the transaction is between $1.2 billion and $3.4 billion. See Note 7 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. On May 30, 2025, we entered into a License and Unit Purchase Agreement with NEWLEVEL IV, L.P. and NEWLEVEL, LLC, both of which are affiliates of Grain Management, LLC ( Grain ), pursuant to which we will sell our 800 MHz spectrum licenses in exchange for cash consideration of $2.9 billion and the receipt of Grain s 600 MHz spectrum licenses, which we are currently utilizing under lease agreements with Grain. See Note 7 Goodwill, Spectrum License Transactions and Other Intangible Assets of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. We plan to evaluate future spectrum purchases in future auctions and secondary market opportunities to further augment or refine our current spectrum position. We have equipment deployed on macro cell sites and small cell/distributed antenna system sites across our network and leverage our CDC insights to optimize network positioning and performance. Competition The telecommunications industry remains competitive. We are the second largest provider of wireless communications services in the U.S. as measured by our total postpaid and prepaid customers. Our wireless communications services competitors include other carriers, such as AT T Inc. ( AT T ) and Verizon Communications, Inc. ( Verizon ). In addition, our wireless communications services competitors include numerous smaller and regional providers, including Charter Communications, Inc., Comcast Corporation, EchoStar Corporation ( EchoStar ), Cox Communications, Inc., and Altice USA, Inc., many of which offer no-contract, postpaid and prepaid service plans. Competitors also include providers who offer similar communication services, such as voice, messaging and data services, using alternative technologies. In addition to our wireless communications services, our broadband services compete against other broadband providers, including Cable, DSL and other Fiber broadband providers, other fixed wireless solutions, including AT T and Verizon s fixed wireless products, and satellite internet providers. Competitive factors within the telecommunications industry include promotions, pricing, market saturation, service and product offerings, customer experience, network investment and quality, development and deployment of technologies and changes in the regulatory environment that may affect market entry, pricing practices and network investment. Some of our competitors have shown a willingness to use discounted pricing or offer bundled services as a potential source of differentiation. 8 Table of Contents Human Capital Employees As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 75,000 full-time and part-time employees, including network, retail, administrative and customer support functions. Attraction and Retention We employ a highly skilled workforce within a broad range of functions. Substantially all of our employees are located throughout the United States, including Puerto Rico, to serve our nationwide network and retail operations. Our headquarters are located in Bellevue, Washington, and Overland Park, Kansas. We attract and retain our workforce through a dynamic and inclusive culture and by providing a comprehensive set of benefits, including: Competitive medical, dental and vision benefits; Family-building benefits designed to meet the various needs of our employees, including IVF and IUI, adoption and surrogacy benefits; Annual stock grants to all full-time and part-time employees and a discounted Employee Stock Purchase Program; A 401(k) Savings Plan; Nationwide minimum pay of at least $20 per hour to all full-time and part-time employees; LiveMagenta: a custom-branded program for employee engagement and well-being, including free access to life coaches, financial coaches and tools for healthy living; Access to personal health advocates offering independent guidance; A generous paid time off program, including paid family leave; Tuition assistance for all full-time and part-time employees, including full tuition partnerships with multiple schools; and A matching program for employee donations and volunteering. Training and Development Career growth and development is foundational to T-Mobile s culture and success. We want to deliver the best experiences from the best teams, and one way we do that is by offering an array of development programs and resources to build talent and empower our people to succeed through every step of their career. We focus on helping employees understand the skills needed for their career success and give them access to learning in many forms, such as mentoring, training, structured learning programs, videos and books. By strategically investing in the following three key areas of career development and learning, we are developing our talent now and for the future. Evolve skills and careers from onboarding throughout careers, with clear expectations on contributions to the business and opportunities to develop and build their career; Advance leadership expertise build critical leadership capabilities, enable leadership growth at all levels, and develop skills to lead in the future; and Enable effective collaboration align with our values and behavioral norms, provide tools, resources, and learning needed for individual and team success. Culture and Belonging Our culture of belonging fosters trust, accelerates innovation, sparks new ideas and enhances collaboration. This fuels our success by enabling our employees to deliver exceptional experiences for our customers and to make a positive impact on the communities we serve. We aim to create an environment where employees have careers, not jobs, where everyone has a voice and belongs, and where leaders empower each employee to act like an owner and share in the Company s success. T-Mobile s hiring process casts a wide net to attract and hire the most qualified candidates. 9 Table of Contents Employee Resource Groups Our Employee Resource Groups ( ERGs ) play an important role in enhancing T-Mobile s culture and providing valuable learning and development opportunities for our employees. Our six ERGs and four sub-affinity groups are open to all employees at the Company and are closely tied to our business goals and priorities. Our ERGs foster invaluable connections, community service and career development opportunities for employees. Many employees participate in the ERGs and the 38 chapters nationwide that organize volunteer opportunities and local events. Our chapter volunteers have led impactful initiatives and community service projects across the country for our employees. Environmental Sustainability Efficiencies and Reducing Our Carbon Footprint We are actively working to identify efficiencies in our energy usage and reduce our environmental impact by: Pursuing a science-based net-zero emissions target for 2040, covering Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions; Investing in renewable energy, meeting our RE100 pledge since 2021, through initiatives such as Virtual Power Purchasing Agreements and clean energy projects expected to produce over 3.4 million megawatt hours annually; Enhancing energy efficiency in our network and facilities, including retail stores, data centers, and cell sites; and Promoting a circular economy through a robust device reuse and recycling program. Responsible Sourcing We believe our suppliers are a valuable extension of our business and corporate values. Our Supplier Code of Conduct outlines expectations around ethical business practices for our suppliers. We require our suppliers to operate in compliance with the laws, rules, regulations and ethical standards of the countries in which they operate or provide products or services. We expect our suppliers to share our commitment to ethical conduct and environmentally responsible business practices while they conduct business with or on behalf of us. Our Responsible Sourcing Policy further outlines T-Mobile s expectations in this area. We employ a third-party risk management ( TPRM ) process to screen for anti-corruption, global sanctions, cybersecurity, human rights and environmental risks before engaging with a supplier. Our TPRM process also continuously monitors current suppliers for policy violations and risks. Regulation The FCC regulates many key aspects of our business, including licensing, construction, the operation and use of our network, modifications of our network, control and ownership of our licenses and authorizations, the sale, transfer and acquisition of certain licenses, domestic roaming arrangements and interconnection agreements, pursuant to its authority under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended ( Communications Act ). The FCC has a number of complex requirements that affect our operations and pending proceedings regarding additional or modified requirements that could increase our costs or diminish our revenues. For example, the FCC has rules regarding provision of 911, 988 and E-911 services, porting telephone numbers, interconnection, roaming, consumer broadband labels, robocalling/robotexting, disabilities access, privacy and cybersecurity, consumer protection and the universal service and Lifeline programs. Many of these and other issues are being considered in ongoing proceedings, and we cannot predict whether or how such actions will affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Our ability to provide services and generate revenues could be harmed by adverse regulatory action or changes to existing laws and regulations. In addition, regulation of companies that offer competing services can impact our business indirectly. Except for operations in certain unlicensed frequency bands, wireless communications services providers generally must be licensed by the FCC to provide communications services at specified spectrum frequencies within specified geographic areas and must comply with the rules and policies governing the use of the spectrum as adopted by the FCC. The FCC issues each license for a fixed period of time, typically 10-15 years depending on the particular licenses. While the FCC has generally renewed licenses given to operating companies like us, the FCC has authority both to revoke a license for cause and to deny a license renewal if a renewal is not in the public interest. Furthermore, we could be subject to fines, forfeitures and other penalties for failure to comply with FCC regulations, even if any such noncompliance was unintentional. In extreme cases, penalties can include revocation of our licenses. The loss of any licenses, or any related fines or forfeitures, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, the FCC retains the right to modify rules related to use of licensed spectrum, which could impact T-Mobile s ability to provide services. 10 Table of Contents Additionally, Congress s and the FCC s allocation of additional spectrum for broadband commercial mobile radio service ( CMRS ), which includes cellular, PCS and other wireless services, could significantly increase and intensify competition. We cannot assess the impact that any developments that may occur in the U.S. economy or any future