=== A_2025-12-22.htm.gz ===
Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. PART I Item 1. Business Overview Agilent Technologies, Inc. ("we", "Agilent" or the "company"), incorporated in Delaware in May 1999, is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied markets, providing application focused solutions that include instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow. In November 2024, we announced a change in our organizational structure to support our market-focused, customer-centric strategy. Our former Diagnostics and Genomics segment combined with our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry instrument platforms to form our new Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment. Our chemistries and supplies, laboratory automation, and software and informatics divisions moved from our former Life Sciences and Applied Markets segment to our Agilent CrossLab segment. The remaining divisions in our former Life Sciences and Applied Markets segment which includes our gas chromatography, gas chromatography mass spectrometry, remarketed instruments, spectroscopy and vacuum divisions formed our new Applied Markets segment. Following this re-organization, we have three business segments - Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets, Agilent CrossLab and Applied Markets, each of which comprises a reportable segment. All historical financial segment information has been recast to conform to this new presentation. Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment is comprised of seven areas of activity. We provide specialty contract development and manufacturing services for pharmaceutical customers as well as solutions that include reagents, instruments, software and consumables which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level. The Agilent CrossLab segment spans the entire lab with its extensive services and consumables portfolio in addition to software and laboratory automation solutions, which are designed to improve customer outcomes and represents a broad range of offerings designed to serve customer needs across end-markets and applications. Our Applied Markets segment provides application-focused solutions that include instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products. In addition, we conduct centralized order fulfillment and supply chain operations for our businesses through the order fulfillment and supply chain organization ("OFS"). OFS provides resources for manufacturing, engineering and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses. Each of our businesses, together with OFS, is supported by our global infrastructure organization, which provides shared services in the areas of finance, information technology, legal, certain procurement services, workplace services and human resources. 3 Table of Contents We sell our products primarily through direct sales, but we also utilize distributors, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and electronic commerce. As of October 31, 2025, we employed approximately 18,100 people worldwide. Our primary research and development and manufacturing sites are in California, Colorado, Delaware, Massachusetts, Texas and Vermont in the U.S. and in Australia, Canada, China, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment is comprised of seven areas of activity. We provide active pharmaceutical ingredients for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that include reagents, instruments, software and consumables, which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level. First, our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level. Second, our cell analysis business includes instruments, reagents, software, and labware associated with unique live-cell analysis platforms in addition to mainstream flow cytometers, plate-readers, and plate washers/dispensers which are used across a broad range of applications. Third, our specialty contract development and manufacturing organization ("CDMO") business provides services related to and the production of synthesized oligonucleotides under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices conditions for use as active pharmaceutical ingredients in a class of drugs that utilize nucleic acid molecules for disease therapy. BIOVECTRA capabilities include microbial fermentation, bioreagents, highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients, peptide purification and biomanufacturing capabilities in several nucleic acid modalities. Together, our BIOVECTRA and nucleic acid solutions businesses comprise our specialty CDMO offerings to our customers providing clinical-to-commercial scale production capabilities. Fourth, our pathology solutions business is focused on product offerings for cancer diagnostics and anatomic pathology workflows. The broad portfolio of offerings includes immunohistochemistry, in situ hybridization, hematoxylin and eosin staining and special staining. This business further provides clinical flow cytometry reagents for routine cancer diagnostics. This business also provides bulk antibodies as raw materials and associated assay development services to in vitro diagnostics manufacturers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Fifth, we also collaborate with several major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential tissue pharmacodiagnostics, also known as companion diagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. Sixth, our genomics business includes reagents to support next-generation sequencing workflows and arrays. This business also includes solutions that enable clinical labs to identify DNA variants associated with genetic disease and help direct cancer therapy. Finally, our biomolecular analysis business provides complete workflow solutions, including instruments, consumables and software, for quality control analysis of nucleic acid samples. Samples are analyzed using quantitative and qualitative techniques to ensure accuracy in further genomics analysis techniques including next-generation sequencing, utilized in clinical and life science research applications. We employed approximately 6,300 people as of October 31, 2025 in our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Key End Markets Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment sells primarily into the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, diagnostics and clinical and academic and government markets. We also sell in the applied markets: chemicals and advanced materials, food and environmental and forensics. The Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical Market. This market consists of "for-profit" companies which participate across the pharmaceutical value chain in the areas of therapeutic research and discovery, preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic, safety testing, clinical trials, therapeutic manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control. Within the pharmaceutical market, a sub-segment of customers are focused on small molecule drugs known as new chemical entities and small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients. Another sub-segment of the market is our biopharmaceutical customers, who are focused on biologic entities or biosimilar drugs for human or animal use. This biopharmaceutical classification also includes customers that manufacture biological components and/or biological active ingredients. Biologic drug components and active ingredients include monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, fusion or recombinant proteins, therapeutic proteins (e.g., cytokines and insulin), peptides, oligonucleotides, cell and gene therapy and vaccines. Additionally, due to the rapid development of novel targeted therapeutic modalities and the need for improved efficacy and patient stratification in the field of oncology, pharmaceutical companies are partnering with diagnostic companies to bring validated tests to the market with their new drugs. Our primary focus is on biopharmaceutical companies working with advanced therapeutic modalities (e.g., cell and gene therapies) where we provide a suite of research tools and companion diagnostic development services. Additionally, we provide active pharmaceutical ingredient contract development and manufacturing services for oligonucleotide-based therapeutic modalities. 4 Table of Contents Through our contract development and manufacturing organization business, we offer our pharmaceutical customers specialized manufacturing capabilities for targeted therapeutics, including the production of antibody drug conjugates, high potency active pharmaceutical ingredients, and active pharmaceutical ingredients via microbial fermentation. Our nucleic acid solutions and BIOVECTRA businesses are able to deliver a single source for gene editing therapeutics. Our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses provide instruments that enable customers performing life sciences and pharmaceutical research to interrogate biologically relevant metabolites, lipids, protein, and cellular systems to understand fundamental biological processes, as well as the underlying mechanisms of cancer and other disease initiation and progression. The goal is to use this information to develop new therapeutic strategies and drugs as well as new diagnostic tests. Our mass spectrometry technologies are employed by researchers to identify and quantify individual or whole classes of metabolites, lipids, or proteins involved in basic cellular processes and elucidate those which are quantitatively or qualitatively altered in disease states, as well as to identify those which may be useful as biomarkers for a disease. The Diagnostics and Clinical Market. The diagnostics and clinical market focus within the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment is to provide instruments, software, reagents, and consumables that enable customers to perform clinical research and routine testing. Our high-quality, automated pathology tissue staining platforms and solutions are used most heavily by the large labs located in hospitals, medical centers, and reference labs. The market focus is on mature economies primarily in North America, Western Europe and Japan. The mix is changing, however, as emerging markets increase spending on human health. The clinical market for our genomics business consists of high complexity clinical labs performing patient testing, including "for-profit" reference laboratories, hospital labs, and molecular diagnostic companies. While some labs purchase in vitro diagnostics labeled testing kits, others often develop and validate their own molecular based tests. Analyte specific reagents are often used by these labs. Our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses provide instruments that enable customers performing clinical research to interrogate biologically relevant metabolites, lipids, protein, and cellular systems to understand fundamental biological processes, as well as the underlying mechanisms of cancer and other disease initiation and progression. The goal is to use this information to develop new therapeutic strategies and drugs as well as new diagnostic tests. The Academic and Government Market. This market consists primarily of "not-for-profit" organizations and includes academic institutions, large government institutes and privately funded organizations. The academic and government market plays an influential role in technology adoption and therapeutic developments for pharmaceutical and molecular diagnostics companies. Our Seahorse, xCELLigence, Novocyte, and BioTek platform technologies are used both stand-alone and in conjunction with mass spectrometry to understand underlying cellular physiology and interactions in normal and diseased states, as well to help understand how new drugs and therapies alter the composition, function, or interaction of cells. In addition, our XCELLigence and Novocyte technologies can be used to characterize and quantify immune cell response (for example cytotoxicity). The Chemicals and Advanced Materials Market. Our products and solutions are used throughout the chemicals sector in the development, manufacturing, and quality control of commodity chemicals, specialty and agrochemicals, and fine chemicals. Chemical market customers use our products to maintain, optimize, and enable higher productivity and profitability for labs, and support quality control and compliance with environmental and safety regulations. The upstream petroleum exploration and refining markets use our products to analyze natural gas, crude oil composition, perform intermediate material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and other products. Additionally, our products are used to support the testing for safety, quality, and compliance across the value chains of advanced materials including semiconductors, batteries, and specially engineered polymers and polymeric materials. The Food Market. Our instruments and workflow solutions are used throughout the food production chain, including incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and assurance, and packaging. For example, our mass spectrometer portfolio is used to analyze contaminants and residual pesticides in food. There is also a significant food safety market involved in analyzing food for pathogen contamination, accurate verification of species type and evidence of genetically modified content. The Environmental and Forensics Market. Our instruments, software and workflow solutions are used by the environmental market for applications such as laboratory and field analysis of regulated and unregulated chemical pollutants in air, water, soil and solid waste. Environmental industry customers include all levels of government, the industrial and manufacturing sectors, engineering and consulting companies, commercial testing laboratories, public and private utilities and colleges and universities. Drug testing and forensics laboratories use our instruments, software and workflow solutions for applications such as analyzing evidence associated with crime, screening athletes for performance enhancing drugs, analyzing samples for recreational drugs, or detecting and identifying biological and chemical warfare agents. Some of our instruments are used in mobile laboratories as well. Customers include local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies and 5 Table of Contents health laboratories. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Products and Applications Our products fall into these main areas of work: liquid chromatography systems and components, liquid chromatography mass spectrometry systems, pathology, cell analysis, companion diagnostics, genomics, contract development and manufacturing organization and biomolecular analysis. Liquid Chromatography A liquid chromatograph, high-performance liquid chromatograph or ultra-high performance liquid chromatograph is used to separate molecules of a liquid mixture to determine the quantity and identity of the molecules present. The Agilent liquid chromatography portfolio is largely modular in construction and can be configured as analytical and preparative systems. These systems can be stepwise upgraded to highly sophisticated, automated workflow solutions such as method development, multi method/walk-up, high-capacity/high-throughput or multi dimensional liquid chromatography and can be extended to application based analyzers (e.g., for bio-molecular separations, chiral analysis or size exclusion chromatography). As a leader in liquid chromatography, we continue to expand our application space with new high-performance liquid chromatograph columns, new services and ongoing instrument and software product enhancements. Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry A mass spectrometer identifies and quantifies compounds based on their molecular mass and characteristic patterns of fragment ion masses that result when a molecule is broken apart. A mass spectrometer is an important tool in analyzing a broad spectrum of analytes, from small molecules, such as pesticides, to large molecules, such as intact proteins and other biological entities. Liquid chromatography is commonly used to separate compounds and introduce them to the mass spectrometer system. Our liquid chromatography mass spectrometry portfolio includes instruments built around four main analyzer types - single quadrupole, triple quadrupole, time-of-flight and quadrupole time-of-flight. We significantly expanded our mass spectrometry portfolio in recent years with a focus on improving performance, sensitivity, precision, robustness, ease of use and onboard intelligence. Pathology This area consists of routine clinical solutions for tissue-based cancer diagnostics with solutions that comprise antibodies, reagents, instruments and software targeting both primary and advanced cancer diagnostics. Our CoverStainer and Artisan based product families target primary cancer diagnostics through hematoxylin and eosin staining as well as special stains for additional insights and detection of potentially carcinogenic tissue. Dako Omnis and Autostainer based immunohistochemistry solution and instant quality fluorescence in situ hybridization technologies provide advanced tumor typing through investigation of protein and gene expression. These products also include companion diagnostic tests that are used to help identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. Our bulk antibodies business partners with in vitro diagnostics manufacturers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies by offering antibodies as raw materials and a range of associated assay development services and solutions. We operate in several areas of clinical relevance for the customers and address multiple technologies such as turbidimetry, gel techniques and chemiluminescence immunoassays. In the area of flow cytometry reagents we provide reagents and kits directly to clinical laboratories working in routine cancer diagnostics, with particular focus on blood cancers. Cell Analysis Our cell analysis tools are used to study cell signaling pathways, general cell function and behavior through metabolic profile analysis, real-time cellular impedance measurements, and traditional cytometry techniques. Characterizing cellular behavior and function is an increasingly critical step in understanding normal behavior versus diseased states, advancements of those diseases, and response to therapies, providing researchers with a more targeted approach for drug discovery and ultimately more effective therapeutics. Our cell analysis portfolio includes cell analysis plate-based assays, flow cytometer, real-time cell analyzer, microplate reader, cell imaging system and related consumables. 6 Table of Contents Companion Diagnostics In our companion diagnostics business, we partner with several major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential pharmacodiagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. We support pharmaceutical companies during each phase of their drug development process, from early pre-clinical through commercial launch activities. Companion diagnostics has a history of developing clinically relevant and validated tests, with accurate and effective scoring and interpretation guidelines, that enable successful regulatory approvals in our worldwide markets. Genomics We provide a next-generation sequencing target enrichment portfolio which enables customers to select specific target regions of the genome for sequencing. Customers can customize our products for their regions of interest including gene panels for specific applications and exome designs, which allow analysis of the entire coding sequences of the genome. We provide microarrays for comparative genomic hybridization, mostly used by customers in cytogenetic laboratories. The arrays allow customers to detect genome-wide copy number alterations with high levels of resolution (from entire chromosomal copy number changes to specific microdeletions or duplications). Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization Our contract development and manufacturing organization business provides equipment and expertise focused on mid to large scale production of synthesized oligonucleotide active pharmaceutical ingredients under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices conditions for a class of drugs that utilize oligonucleotide molecules for disease therapy. These drugs have advanced from single strand DNA molecules to complex, highly modified molecules including antisense, aptamers, double-stranded RNA, and guide RNA. These advancements in technology have greatly improved the efficacy of delivery and stability of the oligos in-vivo. Our nucleic acid solutions business offers industry leading experience to efficiently advance our customers' oligo drug candidates from clinical trials to commercial scale volumes with a common goal of patient health and safety. We offer our pharmaceutical customers even more specialized manufacturing capabilities for targeted therapeutics. Together, our BIOVECTRA and nucleic acid solutions businesses provide clinical-to-commercial scale production capabilities. Biomolecular Analysis Automated electrophoresis is a separation technique for biomolecules such as proteins, peptides and nucleic acids (RNA and DNA) and is used to determine the identity of a molecule by either size or charge. It is widely used as a quality control tool to check sample integrity prior to subsequent analysis. Prominent examples are nucleic acid preparation products in front of polymerase chain reaction, next-generation sequencing and microarrays. More recently, quality control based on automated electrophoresis products has become essential throughout in-vitro transcription mRNA workflows, including vaccine development and therapeutics. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Customers We had approximately 22,200 customers for our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment in fiscal year 2025. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Sales, Marketing and Support We deploy a multi-channel approach, marketing products to our customers through direct sales, electronic commerce, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors. We primarily use direct sales to market our solutions to customer accounts. Sales agents supplement direct sales by providing broader geographic coverage and coverage of smaller accounts. Our active reseller program augments our ability to provide more complete solutions to our customers. We sell our consumables products through distributors, electronic commerce and direct sales. 7 Table of Contents Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Manufacturing Our manufacturing supports our diverse product range and customer-centric focus. We assemble highly configurable products to individual customer orders and make standard products to stock. We employ advanced manufacturing techniques and supply chain management systems to reduce costs and manufacturing cycle times. We selectively use third parties to provide some supply chain processes for manufacturing, warehousing and logistics. In the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in California, Colorado, Delaware, Iowa, Massachusetts, Texas and Vermont. Outside of the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in Canada, China, Denmark, Germany, Malaysia and Singapore. Our FDA registered sites include California, Colorado, Texas, Vermont, Canada, Denmark and Germany. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Competition The analytical product sets in the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets in which we compete are characterized by evolving industry standards and intense competition. Our principal competitors in the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets arena include: AB Sciex., a division of Danaher Corporation, Avecia, a division of Nitto Denko, Bruker, Inc., Leica Biosystems, Inc., a division of Danaher Corporation, Roche Ventana Medical Systems, Inc., a member of the Roche Group, Shimadzu Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Twist Bioscience Corporation and Waters Corporation. We compete on the basis of product performance, reliability, support quality, applications expertise, whole solution offering, global channel coverage and price. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Government Regulation Some of the products the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment sells are subject to regulatory approval by the FDA and other regulatory bodies throughout the world. These regulations govern a wide variety of product related activities, from quality management, design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. We continually invest in our manufacturing infrastructure to gain and maintain certifications necessary for the level of clearance. Agilent CrossLab Our Agilent CrossLab segment provides an extensive services and consumables portfolio that spans the entire lab, in addition to software and laboratory automation solutions, which are designed to improve customer outcomes and represents a broad range of offerings designed to serve customer needs across end-markets and applications. Our services portfolio includes repairs, parts, maintenance, installations, training, compliance support, software as a service, asset management, consulting and various other custom services to support the customers' laboratory operations. Custom services are tailored to meet the specific application needs of various industries and to keep instruments fully operational and compliant with the respective industry requirem ents. Our consumables portfolio is designed to improve customer outcomes. Most of the portfolio is vendor neutral, meaning we can serve and supply customers regardless of their instrument purchase choices. Solutions range from chemistries to supplies. Key product categories in consumables include gas chromatography and liquid chromatography columns, sample preparation products, custom chemistries, and a large selection of laboratory supplies. Software and informatics solutions include software for instrument control, data acquisition, data analysis, secure storage of results, and laboratory information and workflow management. This software facilitates the compliant use of instruments in pharmaceutical quality assurance and quality control environments. The OpenLab laboratory software suite is a scalable, open software platform that enables customers to capture, analyze, and share scientific data throughout the lab and across the enterprise. Laboratory automation offers automated sample preparation solutions, including liquid handling, plate management, consumables and scheduling software. These solutions range from standalone automation platforms to integrated workflow solutions with seamless integration to our instrumentation. Our Agilent CrossLab segment employed approximately 7,400 people as of October 31, 2025. Agilent CrossLab - Key End Markets The Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical Market . This market consists of for-profit companies which participate across the pharmaceutical value chain in the areas of therapeutic research and discovery, preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic, safety testing, clinical trials, therapeutic manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control. Within the pharmaceutical market, a sub-segment of customers are focused on small molecule drugs known as new chemical entities and small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients. Another sub-segment of the market is our biopharmaceutical customers, who are focused on biologic entities or biosimilar drugs for human or animal use. This biopharmaceutical classification also includes customers that manufacture biological components and/or biological active ingredients. Biologic drug components and active ingredients 8 Table of Contents include monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, fusion or recombinant proteins, therapeutic proteins (e.g., cytokines and insulin), peptides, oligonucleotides, cell and gene therapy and vaccines. Additionally, due to the rapid development of novel targeted therapeutic modalities and the need for improved efficacy and patient stratification in the field of oncology, pharmaceutical companies are partnering with diagnostic companies to bring validated tests to the market with their new drugs. The Academic and Government Market. W e support customers in this market that consist primarily of "not-for-profit" organizations and include academic institutions, large government institutes and privately funded organizations. The academic and government market plays an influential role in technology adoption and therapeutic developments for pharmaceutical and molecular diagnostics companies. The Chemicals and Advanced Materials Market. Our services, consumables, software and technical support are used throughout the chemicals sector in the development, manufacturing, and quality control of commodity chemicals, specialty and agrochemicals, and fine chemicals. Chemical market customers use our services, consumables, software and technical support to maintain, optimize, and enable higher productivity and profitability for labs, and support quality control and compliance with environmental and safety regulations. The upstream petroleum exploration and refining markets use our services, software and technical support to analyze natural gas, crude oil composition, perform intermediate material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and ensure overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and other products. Additionally, our services, consumables, software and technical support are used to support the testing for safety, quality, and compliance across the value chains of advanced materials including semiconductors, batteries, and specially engineered polymers and polymeric materials, minerals and metals, thin film optics, consumer products and packing materials from the upstream raw materials, materials production, and final products to the end markets and recycling. The Environmental and Forensics Market. We support the environmental industry customers that perform laboratory and field analysis of chemical pollutants in air, water, soil and solid waste. Environmental industry customers include all levels of government, the industrial and manufacturing sectors, engineering and consulting companies, commercial testing laboratories and colleges and universities. We also support drug testing and forensics laboratories that are involved with analyzing evidence associated with crime, screening athletes for performance enhancing drugs, analyzing samples for recreational drugs, or detecting and identifying biological and chemical warfare agents. Customers include local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies and commercial testing laboratories. The Food Market. We support the food production chain, including incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and assurance, and packaging. Our services also support the food safety market in their work to analyze food for concerns ranging from pathogen contamination and genetic modification to species verification and others. Agilent CrossLab - Products and Applications Services and Support We offer a wide range of startup, operational, educational and compliance support services for our measurement and data handling systems. Our support services include maintenance, troubleshooting, repair and training for all of our chemical and bioanalytical instrumentation hardware and software products. With advances in digital and virtual support technologies, many of those services can be offered remotely. Special service bundles have also been designed to meet the specific application needs of various industries. As customers continue to outsource laboratory operations and consolidate suppliers, our enterprise services consist of a broad portfolio of integrated laboratory management services including instrument services, lab supply management, asset management, procurement, informatics and scientific services. Advancements in our offering of software and service solutions will help our customers more efficiently operate a digitally connected smart lab that can derive value out of data analytics, artificial intelligence and robotics. Chemistries and Supplies We offer a broad range of market specific consumables and supplies to complete customers' analytical workflows from sample preparation through separation and analysis to storage, with the support of our technology platforms. This includes sample preparation consumables such as solid phase extraction and filtration products, self-manufactured gas chromatography and liquid chromatography columns, together with chemical standards. Consumables products also include proprietary scientific instrument parts and supplies such as filters and fittings for gas chromatography and liquid chromatography systems; lamps and cuvettes for ultraviolet visible near infrared, fluorescence, fourier transform infrared and raman spectroscopy instruments; and graphite furnace tubes, hollow cathode lamps and specialized sample introduction glassware for our atomic 9 Table of Contents absorption, inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry and inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry products. Software and Informatics We provide informatics and scientific software for instrument control, data acquisition, data analysis, secure storage of results, and laboratory information/workflow management. Our software facilitates the compliant use of instruments in pharmaceutical quality assurance/quality control environments. With our OpenLab Laboratory Software Suite, Agilent has a scalable, open software platform that enables customers to capture, analyze, and share scientific data throughout the lab and across the enterprise. Laboratory Automation We offer a portfolio of unique sample preparation automated solutions that are key to a comprehensive suite of workflow solutions to our customers. This includes liquid handling, plate management, unique consumables and scheduling software with solutions that range from standalone instrumentation to bench-top automation solutions. These solutions strengthen our offering of automated sample preparation across a broad range of applications which are integrated with several of our analytical and next-generation sequencing platforms across the company. Agilent CrossLab - Customers We had approximately 59,700 Agilent CrossLab customers in fiscal year 2025. A significant number of our Agilent CrossLab customers are also customers of our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets and Applied Markets segments. The service and consumables businesses are mostly recurring in nature and are less susceptible to market seasonality and industry cycles in comparison to our instrument businesses. The vendor neutral portion of the portfolio allows the business to perform relatively independent from our instrument business. The software business is tied to the installed base and new instrument sales and is somewhat dependent on industry cycles tied to our instrument business. The automation business is the part of the business that is most tied to general instrument business cycles. Agilent CrossLab - Sales, Marketing and Support We deploy a multi-channel approach, marketing services to our customers through direct sales, electronic commerce, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors. We primarily use direct sales to market our solutions to our large accounts. Sales agents supplement direct sales by providing broader geographic coverage and coverage of smaller accounts. Our active reseller program augments our ability to provide more complete solutions to our customers. Some of our service contract sales are processed by our digital commerce infrastructure. All channels are supported by technical product and application specialists to meet our customers' specific requirements. We deliver our support services to customers in a variety of ways, including on-site assistance with repair or exchange of returned products, as well as a growing number of remote service delivery options. In addition to the traditional telephone support and on-site service, our teams remotely engage customers through various digital tools and omni-channel platforms. We also offer special industry-focused service bundles that are designed to meet the specific needs of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, advanced materials, environmental and hydrocarbon processing customers to keep instruments fully operational and compliant with the respective industry requirements. Our products typically come with standard warranties, and extended warranties are available for additional cost. Agilent CrossLab - Manufacturing Our manufacturing supports our diverse product range and customer-centric focus. We assemble highly configurable products to individual customer orders and make standard products to stock. We employ advanced manufacturing techniques and supply chain management systems to reduce costs and manufacturing cycle times. Our manufacturing process then converts these designs into standard as well as custom products for shipment to customers. We selectively use third parties to provide some supply chain processes for manufacturing, warehousing and logistics. Inside the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in California, Delaware and Rhode Island. Outside of the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in Germany, Netherlands, Singapore and the United Kingdom. In addition, our direct service delivery organization is regionally based and operating in 28 countries. 10 Table of Contents Agilent CrossLab - Competition Our principal competitors include many of our competitors from our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets and Applied Markets segments, such as: Danaher Corporation, PerkinElmer Inc., Shimadzu Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and Waters Corporation, as well as numerous niche service providers. We compete on the basis of product performance, reliability, support quality, applications expertise, global channel coverage and price. Applied Markets Our Applied Markets segment provides application-focused solutions that include instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products. Our gas chromatography and gas chromatography mass spectrometry businesses enable customers to perform a wide variety of testing including measuring volatile and semi-volatile contaminants to assess the safety of our foods, quality of water and consumer products while also enabling testing of fuels and purity of chemicals. Our inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry, inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry, atomic absorption and microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometry instruments are vital for our customers to measure metals and elemental signatures in their samples and find uses in the food safety, environmental quality, chemicals manufacture, advanced materials, energy and forensics markets. Our molecular spectroscopy business including the raman, fluorescence and infrared spectroscopy instruments offer both in-field and in-lab testing solutions in a diverse variety of applications including airport security, explosives testing, narcotics, food quality and chemical characterization. Our vacuum business develops cutting edge products and technologies to test vacuum environments and find uses in a diverse variety of industries including semi-conductor, batteries, chemical manufacturing and advanced materials development. Finally, our remarketed instruments business refurbishes and resells certified pre-owned instruments to value-oriented customers who would like Agilent quality and performance at a budget conscious price. We employed approximately 2,500 people as of October 31, 2025 in our Applied Markets segment. Applied Markets - Key End Markets The Chemicals and Advanced Materials Market . Our products and solutions are used throughout the chemicals sector in the development, manufacturing, and quality control of commodity chemicals, specialty and agrochemicals, and fine chemicals. Chemical market customers use our products to determine chemical composition, perform impurity analysis, qualify raw materials, conduct materials characterization, and verify and ensure the environmental safety of operations and employees. The upstream petroleum exploration and refining markets use our products to analyze natural gas, crude oil composition, perform intermediate material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and other products. Our products are used to test for safety, quality, and compliance across the value chains of advanced materials including semiconductors/electronics, batteries, specially engineered polymers and polymeric materials, minerals and metals, thin film optics, consumer products and packing materials from the upstream raw materials, materials production, and final products to the end markets and recycling. The Environmental and Forensics Market. Our instruments, software and workflow solution s are used by the environmental market for applications such as laboratory and field analysis of regulated and unregulated chemical pollutants in air, water, soil and solid waste. Environmental industry customers include all levels of government, the industrial and manufacturing sectors, engineering and consulting companies, commercial testing laboratories, public and private utilities and colleges and universities. Drug testing and forensics laboratories use our instruments and software and workflow solutions for applications such as analyzing evidence associated with crime, screening athletes for performance enhancing drugs, analyzing samples for recreational drugs, or detecting and identifying biological and chemical warfare agents. Some of our instruments are used in mobile laboratories as well. Customers include local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies and health laboratories. The Food Market. Our instruments and software solutions are used throughout the food production chain, including incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and assurance, and packaging. For example, our mass spectrometer portfolio is used to analyze contaminants and residual pesticides in food. There is also a significant food safety market involved in analyzing food for pathogen contamination, accurate verification of species type and evidence of genetically modified content. 11 Table of Contents The Academic and Government Market. This market consists primarily of not-for-profit organizations and includes academic institutions, large government institutes and privately funded organizations. The academic and government market plays an influential role in technology adoption and therapeutic developments for pharmaceutical and molecular diagnostics companies. The Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical Market. This market consists of for-profit companies which participate across the pharmaceutical value chain in the areas of therapeutic research and discovery, preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic, safety testing, clinical trials, therapeutic manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control. Within the pharmaceutical market, a sub-segment of customers are focused on small molecule drugs known as new chemical entities and small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients. Another sub-segment of the market is our biopharmaceutical customers, who are focused on biologic entities or biosimilar drugs for human or animal use. This biopharmaceutical classification also includes customers that manufacture biological components and/or biological active ingredients. Biologic drug components and active ingredients include monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, fusion or recombinant proteins, therapeutic proteins (e.g., cytokines and insulin), peptides, oligonucleotides, cell and gene therapy and vaccines. Additionally, due to the rapid development of novel targeted therapeutic modalities and the need for improved efficacy and patient stratification in the field of oncology, pharmaceutical companies are partnering with diagnostic companies to bring validated tests to the market with their new drugs. Applied Markets - Products and Applications Our products fall into the following main areas of work: gas chromatography, mass spectrometry, spectroscopy, vacuum technology and remarketed instruments. Our key products and applications include the following technologies: Gas Chromatography Agilent is the world's leading provider of gas chromatographs, both laboratory and portable models. Gas chromatographs are used to separate any gas, liquid or solid that can be vaporized and then detect the molecules present to determine their identity and quantity. Agilent provides custom or standard analyzers configured for specific chemical analysis applications, such as detailed speciation of a complex hydrocarbon stream, calculation of gas calorific values in the field, or analysis of a new bio-fuel formulation. We also offer related software, accessories and consumables products for these and other similar instruments. Gas Chromatography Mass Spectrometry A mass spectrometer identifies and quantifies compounds based on their molecular mass and characteristic patterns of fragment ion masses that result when a molecule is broken apart. A mass spectrometer is an important tool in analyzing a broad spectrum of analytes, from small molecules, such as pesticides, to large molecules, such as intact proteins and other biological entities. Gas chromatography is commonly used to separate compounds and introduce them to the mass spectrometer system. Our gas chromatography mass spectrometry portfolio includes instruments built around three main analyzer types - single quadrupole, triple quadrupole, and quadrupole time-of-flight. We significantly expanded our mass spectrometry portfolio in recent years with a focus on improving performance, sensitivity, precision, robustness, ease of use and onboard intelligence. Spectroscopy Spectroscopy is a technique for analyzing the individual chemical components of substances based on the absorption or emission of electromagnetic radiation of specific wavelengths of light. Our spectroscopy instruments include atomic absorption spectrometers, microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometers, inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry, inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry, fluorescence spectrophotometers, ultraviolet-visible spectrophotometers, fourier transform infrared spectrometers, near-infrared spectrometers, raman spectrometers and sample automation products. We also offer related software, accessories and consumables products for these and other similar instruments. 12 Table of Contents Vacuum Technology Our vacuum technologies products are used to create, control, measure and test vacuum environments in life science, industrial and scientific applications where ultra-clean, high-vacuum environments are needed. Vacuum technologies' customers are typically OEMs that manufacture equipment for these applications, or government and research organizations that require vacuum solutions in their facilities. Products include a wide range of high and ultra-high vacuum pumps (diffusion, turbo molecular and ion getter), primary vacuum pumps (rotary vane and dry scroll), vacuum instrumentation (vacuum control instruments, sensor gauges and meters) and vacuum components (valves, flanges and other mechanical hardware). These products also include helium mass spectrometry and helium-sensing leak detection instruments used to identify and measure leaks in hermetic or vacuum environments. In addition to product sales, we also offer a wide range of services including an exchange and rebuild program, assistance with the design and integration of vacuum systems, applications support and training in basic and advanced vacuum technologies. Remarketed Instruments We refurbish and resell certified pre-owned instruments to value-oriented customers who would like Agilent quality and performance at a budget conscious price. Applied Markets - Customers We had approximately 17,200 customers for our Applied Markets segment in fiscal year 2025. A significant number of our Applied Markets customers are also customers of our Agilent CrossLab segment. Applied Markets - Sales, Marketing and Support We deploy a multi-channel approach, marketing products to our customers through direct sales, electronic commerce, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors. We primarily use direct sales to market our solutions to our pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, life science research and applied market accounts. Sales agents supplement direct sales by providing broader geographic coverage and coverage of smaller accounts. Our active reseller program augments our ability to provide more complete solutions to our customers. We sell our consumables products through distributors, electronic commerce and direct sales. Our products typically come with standard warranties, and extended warranties are available for additional cost. Applied Markets - Manufacturing Our manufacturing supports our diverse product range and customer-centric focus. We assemble highly configurable products to individual customer orders and make standard products to stock. We employ advanced manufacturing techniques and supply chain management systems to reduce costs and manufacturing cycle times. Our manufacturing process then converts these designs into standard as well as custom products for shipment to customers. We selectively use third parties to provide some supply chain processes for manufacturing, warehousing and logistics. Inside the U.S., we have a manufacturing facility in Delaware. Outside of the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in Australia, China, Italy, Malaysia, and Singapore. Applied Markets - Competition The markets for analytical instruments in which we compete are characterized by evolving industry standards and intense competition. Our principal competitors in the applied markets arena include: Danaher Corporation, PerkinElmer Inc., Shimadzu Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and Waters Corporation. We compete on the basis of product performance, reliability, support quality, applications expertise, global channel coverage and price. Global Infrastructure Organization We provide support to our business segments through our global infrastructure organization. This support includes services in the areas of finance, tax, treasury, legal, real estate, insurance services, workplace services, human resources, information technology services, quality and regulatory services, corporate development and other corporate infrastructure expenses. Generally, these organizations are managed from Santa Clara, California, with operations and services provided worldwide. As of October 31, 2025, our global infrastructure organization employed approximately 1,900 people worldwide. 13 Table of Contents Agilent Order Fulfillment Organizations Our order fulfillment and supply chain organization ("OFS") focuses on order fulfillment and supply chain operations in our businesses. OFS provides resources for manufacturing, engineering, logistics, and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses. In general, OFS employees are dedicated to specific businesses and the associated costs are directly allocated to those businesses. The following discussions of Research and Development, Backlog, Intellectual Property, Materials, Environmental, Regulatory Affairs and Human Capital Management include information common to each of our business segments. Research and Development We anticipate that we will continue to have significant research and development expenditures in order to maintain our competitive position with a continuing flow of innovative, high-quality products and services. Our research and development efforts focus on potential new products and product improvements covering a wide variety of technologies, none of which is individually significant to our operations. Our research seeks to improve on various technical competencies in software, systems and solutions. In each of these research fields, we conduct research that is focused on specific product development for release in the short-term as well as other research that is intended to be the foundation for future products over a longer time-horizon. Most of our product development research is designed to improve products already in production, focus on major new product releases, and develop new product segments for the future. We remain committed to invest significantly in research and development and have focused our development efforts on key strategic opportunities to align our business with available markets and position ourselves to capture market share. Backlog We believe that backlog is not a meaningful indicator of future business prospects for our business segments since a significant portion of our revenue for a given quarter is derived from the current quarter's orders. Therefore, we believe that backlog information is not material to an understanding of our business. Intellectual Property We generate patent and other intellectual property rights covering significant inventions and other innovations in order to create a competitive advantage. While we believe that our licenses, patents and other intellectual property rights have value, in general no single license, patent or other intellectual property right is in itself material. In addition, our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or may otherwise not provide significant competitive advantage. Materials Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets, Agilent CrossLab and Applied Markets segments all purchase materials from thousands of suppliers on a global basis. Some of the parts that require custom design work are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Our long-term relationships with suppliers allow us to proactively manage technology road maps and product discontinuance plans and monitor their financial health. To address any potential disruption in our supply chain, we use a number of techniques, including qualifying multiple sources of supply and redesign of products for alternative components. In addition, while we generally attempt to keep our inventory at minimal levels, we do purchase incremental inventory as circumstances warrant to protect the supply chain. Environmental Our research and development, manufacturing and distribution operations involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under international, federal, state and local laws governing health and safety and the environment. We apply strict standards for protection of the environment and occupational health and safety to sites inside and outside the U.S., even if not subject to regulation imposed by foreign governments. We believe that our properties and operations at our facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and occupational health and safety laws. We are also regulated under a number of international, federal, state, and local laws regarding recycling, product packaging and product content requirements. We believe we are substantially in compliance with such environmental, product content/disposal and recycling laws. We also maintain a comprehensive Environmental Site Liability insurance policy which may cover certain clean-up costs or legal claims related to environmental contamination. This policy covers specified active, inactive and divested locations. 14 Table of Contents Climate change may impact our business by increasing operating costs due to impairments of our facilities and distribution systems, disruptions to our manufacturing processes and additional regulatory requirements. Although we address these potential risks in our business continuity planning, such events could make it difficult for us to deliver products and services to our customers and cause us to incur substantial expense. In addition to monitoring and managing compliance with environmental regulations, we strive to advance our sustainability practices. In 2021, we announced our goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. In 2023, we announced near and long term greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. Regulatory Affairs A number of our products and services are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies. These regulations govern a wide variety of product and service related activities, from quality management, design and development to manufacturing, labeling, promotion, sales and distribution. If we fail to comply with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulations and other applicable regulatory requirements or are perceived to potentially have failed to comply, we may face, among other things, warning letters; adverse publicity; investigations or notices of non-compliance, fines, injunctions, and civil or criminal penalties; import or export restrictions; partial suspensions or total shutdown of production facilities or the imposition of operating restrictions; suspension or revocation of our license to operate; increased difficulty in obtaining required U.S. Food and Drug Administration clearances or approvals or foreign equivalents; seizures or recalls of our products or those of our customers; or the inability to sell our products. In May 2022, the European Union began enforcing the EU In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation, which imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of in vitro diagnostics in the European Union. These regulations are more stringent in a variety of areas, including clinical evidence requirements, quality management systems and post-market surveillance activities. We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenue associated with these customers. We have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. We are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment. We are also subject to various significant international, federal, state and local regulations in the areas of health and safety, packaging, product content, employment, labor and immigration, import/export controls, trade restrictions and anti-competition. In addition, geopolitical instability and evolving trade regulations, including tariffs, sanctions, and export controls, may restrict our ability to ship products globally or source critical components. These developments can increase costs, disrupt supply chains, and require operational adjustments. A failure to comply with these regulations could result in penalties, loss of export privileges, and reputational harm. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions on our business conduct and on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our ability to attract and retain employees, our international operations, our business and our operating results. In addition, as a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal, sensitive and/or patient health data in the course of our business. Global privacy laws, including the EU's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR ), Brazil s Lei Geral de Protecao de Dados , China's Personal Information Protection Law and Data Security Law, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, apply to our activities involving the processing of personal data, both in relation to our product and service offerings and the management of our workforce. The global proliferation of privacy laws, with governmental authorities around the world passing or considering passing legislative and regulatory proposals concerning privacy and data protection, continues to result in new requirements regarding the handling of personal data, with many such laws imposing significant penalties for non-compliance (including possible fines of up to four percent of total company revenue under the GDPR). Each of these privacy, security and data protection laws and regulations could impose significant limitations and increase our cost of providing our products and services where we process end user personal data and could harm our results of operations and expose us to significant fines, penalties and other damages. While we believe we are in compliance in all material respects with such laws and regulations, any noncompliance could result in substantial fines or otherwise restrict our ability to operate and thereby have an adverse effect on our financial condition. To date, none has had a material impact on our operations. 15 Table of Contents Human Capital Management As of October 31, 2025, we employed approximately 18,100 persons, of whom approximately 7,100 were based in the Americas, 4,400 in Europe and 6,600 in Asia Pacific. We also leverage temporary workers to provide flexibility for our business and manufacturing needs. Mission. Our instruments, software, services, solutions and people provide trusted answers to customers most challenging questions. Whether we are working with our customers to keep food supplies safe, improve the quality of air, water and soil, or fight cancer with more precise diagnoses and targeted treatments, our employees share a passion and commitment to advancing the quality of life. We believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees in order to fulfill that commitment. Engagement. We engage with our employees through consultation, surveys, ad-hoc feedback and reviews. Our executive officers hold all-managers meetings on a quarterly basis to provide business updates and answer questions. We conduct leadership surveys that allow employees to provide feedback on leadership effectiveness, culture and job satisfaction. We have an open-door policy where employees are encouraged and empowered to bring issues to management s attention. Employees have regular performance reviews with immediate supervisors. Employee sessions are held regularly to share business and market updates and answer employee questions. People and Culture. As a global company, much of our success is rooted in our commitment to a work culture that values broad perspectives, respect for others, and strong engagement across the company. Agilent is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We believe in a workforce where employees with different perspectives and backgrounds are engaged and encouraged to leverage their collective talents. Retention . We provide our employees with competitive salaries and bonuses, opportunities for equity ownership, development programs that enable continued learning and growth and a robust employment package that promotes well-being across all aspects of their lives, including health care, retirement planning and paid time off. Our benefits are offered to eligible employees and comply with local legal requirements. We have a number of programs and policies designed to help employees in our workforce manage their work and personal lives while meeting company objectives for business success, including flexible work arrangements, health and welfare benefits, employee and family assistance plans and parental leave. Development . As part of our promotion and retention efforts, we also invest in ongoing leadership development for current and rising managers. Training at Agilent takes several forms: face-to-face classroom experiences, on-the-job learning, virtual classroom events and self-paced e-learning. We are committed to providing an environment in which employees can expand their knowledge, develop new skills, and contribute their best work. Our culture of continuous development instills in our employees the behaviors that bring our values to life every day. We encourage our people to stay up-to-date on current research and technology while enhancing their current skills and growing new skills to meet future needs; we also put special emphasis on training managers at all levels to effectively communicate, role model and reinforce our values and culture. Health and Safety. The health and safety of our employees is a top priority for us. Our environmental, health and safety management system provides a framework for assessing and managing risks relating to health and safety. We ensure managers and employees receive periodic workplace safety training and provide wellness programs that contribute to the productivity, health, and well-being of employees. In addition, our crisis management program includes a global tool that enables us to reach, locate and support employees in travel or in crisis areas. We regularly evaluate and review with senior management the performance of our programs and processes. Community . Each year our employees throughout the world devote thousands of volunteer hours to community service activities. Our employees may take up to six days of paid time off each year for volunteer activities with charities and organizations. We also support a giving program, which provides employees the opportunity to support a broad range of eligible non-profit organizations in their communities in the areas of health and human services, arts and culture, education and literacy, environment and conservation, and family and civic betterment. 16 Table of Contents Information about our Executive Officers The names of our current executive officers and their ages, titles and biographies appear below: Bret DiMarco , 57, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Legal Officer and Secretary since July 2024. Prior to joining Agilent, he served as the Chief Legal Officer at Pendo.io Incorporated, a privately held company, from September 2022 to June 2024. From June 2006 to July 2022, he held several positions at Coherent, Inc., including Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary until its acquisition by II-VI Incorporated after which he served as a Special Advisor to the President until September 2022. Since September 2004, Mr. DiMarco has been an Adjunct Associate Professor of Law at the University of California College of the Law, San Francisco. From October 2023 to present, Mr. DiMarco has been the Chair of the Nasdaq Exchange Nominating Committee and a member of the Nasdaq Exchange Review Council. Mr. DiMarco was previously a member and associate at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati, P.C., a multinational law firm. Adam S. Elinoff, 48, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Financial Officer since November 2025. Prior to joining Agilent, he served as Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer of Amgen Inc. ("Amgen"), a global biotechnology company, from July 2025 to October 2025. Mr. Elinoff joined Amgen in 2006 and has held a series of finance, strategy, and transformation roles of increasing responsibility. From 2023 to July 2025, Mr. Elinoff served as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. From 2020 to 2023, he served as Regional Chief Financial Officer for Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and Canada. From 2017 to 2020, he served as Executive Director and Head of Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis. Rodney Gonsalves, 60, has served as our Vice President, Corporate Controllership and Chief Accounting Officer since May 2015 and served as our interim Chief Financial Officer from July 2025 to November 2025. From September 2009 to May 2015, Mr. Gonsalves served as Vice President and operational CFO for various business groups within the company. Prior to that, Mr. Gonsalves served in various capacities for Agilent, including as vice president of Investor Relations, controller, corporate governance and customer financing in Agilent s Global Infrastructure Organization, and controller for the Photonics Systems Business Unit. Before joining Agilent, Mr. Gonsalves held a variety of positions in finance with Hewlett-Packard Company. Meghan Henson , 56, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Human Resources Officer since March 2025. Prior to joining Agilent, she served as the Chief People Officer of Aetna Inc., a health insurance company, from August 2023 to October 2024. She also served as Chief Human Resources Officer at Avantor, Inc., a biotechnology, chemicals, and pharmaceutical company, from December 2020 to August 2023, at XPO, Inc., a transportation company, from June 2016 to September 2020, and at Chubb Limited, an insurance company, from January 2013 to April 2016. From November 2004 to January 2013, Ms. Henson held various senior human resources positions at PepsiCo, Inc., a food and beverage company, including Chief Human Resources Officer for Global Functions. Jonah Kirkwood , 45 , has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Commercial Officer, Commercial Organization since November 2024. From June 2023 to October 2024, Mr. Kirkwood led Agilent's Global Sales organization for Laboratory Solution Sales as well as the Greater China Sales organization. Mr. Kirkwood led our Commercial Marketing and Operations teams from November 2021 to May 2023. Prior to that, he held various positions in Agilent. Mr. Kirkwood first joined Agilent in 2010 with its acquisition of Varian. Simon May , 54, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets Group since May 2024. Prior to joining Agilent, he served as Executive Vice President and President of the Life Science Group at Bio-Rad Laboratories ("Bio-Rad") from January 2022 to May 2024. During his 10-year tenure at Bio-Rad, Mr. May held various leadership roles including that of Senior Vice President, General Manager of the Digital Biology Group from January 2020 to December 2021 and as Senior Vice President of Global Commercial Operations from October 2015 to January 2020. Before joining Bio-Rad in 2014, Mr. May held positions at Thermo Fisher Scientific for 10 years. Padraig McDonnell , 54, has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since May 2024. From February 2024 to May 2024, he served as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and CEO-elect. Mr McDonnell served as Chief Commercial Officer and President, Agilent CrossLab Group from November 2021 to February 2024. From May 2020 to November 2021, he served as Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Agilent CrossLab Group. From November 2016 to April 2020, he served as our Vice President and General Manager of the Chemistries and Supplies Division. Prior to that, he served as our Vice President and General Manager of EMEAI Laboratory Solutions Sales. Mr. McDonnell has previously held a variety of positions with Agilent and Hewlett-Packard Company. 17 Table of Contents Angelica A. Reimann , 55, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Agilent CrossLab Group since February 2024. From August 2021 to February 2024, she served as Vice President and General Manager of Agilent CrossLab Services Division. Ms. Riemann served as Vice President and General Manager of the Chemistries and Supplies Division from May 2020 to August 2021. From March 2019 to May 2020, she was Vice President and General Manager of the Chemistries Division. Prior to March 2019, she held leadership roles in the Chemistries Division, Mass Spectrometry Division and the Americas Field Organization sales organization. Mike Zhang, 50 , has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Applied Markets Group since November 2024. From August to November 2024, he served as Vice President and General Manager of the Gas Phase Division within the former Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group. Prior to that, Mr. Zhang was Vice President and General Manager for the Gas Phase Separations Division from January 2020 to August 2024. He previously held various leadership roles in manufacturing over the span of his 22 years at Agilent. He was a manufacturing engineer at Agilent s Shanghai site from March 2002 to December 2019. He also held various leadership roles in Agilent s Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain organization and was named global manufacturing manager for gas chromatography operations and general manager of Agilent s Shanghai site in April 2016. Investor Information We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Securities and Exchange Commission maintains an Internet site (https://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Our financial and other information can be accessed at our Investor Relations website. The address is www.investor.agilent.com. We make available, free of charge on our website, electronic copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws, Corporate Governance Standards, the charters of our Audit and Finance Committee, our Compensation Committee, our Executive Committee and our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, as well as our Standards of Business Conduct (including code of ethics provisions that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and senior financial officers) are available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com under Governance. Item 1A. Risk Factors Business and Strategic Risks General economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our business is sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the United States. Slower global economic growth, increasing interest rates, inflationary pressures, instability and uncertainty in the markets in which we operate may adversely impact our business resulting in: reduced demand and longer sales cycle for our products, delays in the shipment of orders, or increases in order cancellations; increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories; increased price pressure for our products and services; and greater risk of impairment to the value, and a detriment to the liquidity, of our investment portfolio. 18 Table of Contents Our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated. Visibility into our markets is limited. Our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast and may be cancelled by our customers. In addition, our revenue and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality of our markets. However, the markets we serve do not always experience the seasonality that we expect as customer spending policies and budget allocations, particularly for capital items, may change. Any decline in our customers' markets or in general economic conditions has in the past and may in the future result in a reduction in demand for our products and services. Also, if our customers' markets decline, we may not be able to collect on outstanding amounts due to us. Such declines could harm our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and could limit our profitability. Also, in such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. Since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, research and development and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough, these pricing pressures could further reduce our operating margins. Economic, political, foreign currency and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. Because we sell our products worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. International revenue and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. The overall effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates had no impact on revenue growth for the year ended October 31, 2025 when compared to the same period last year. Typically, when movements in foreign currency exchange rates have a negative impact on revenue, they will also have a positive impact on our profitability by reducing our costs and expenses, or vice versa. In addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions, outsourcing activities and manufacturing facilities are located outside the United States. Accordingly, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, including: interruption to transportation flows for delivery of parts and other inputs to us and our products to our customers; ongoing instability or changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions, including inflation, recession, interest rate fluctuations and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts, including uncertainties and instability in economic and market conditions caused by pandemics like COVID-19, conflicts in Ukraine/Russia and the Middle East, and political and trade uncertainties in the greater China region; changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, as well as changes to tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, new or different customs duties, trade embargoes and sanctions and other trade barriers; tariffs imposed by the United States on goods from other countries and tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods, including tariffs and trade policies by the U.S. government on various imports from China and by the Chinese government on certain U.S. goods; negative consequences from changes in or differing interpretations of laws and regulations, including those related to tax and import/export; difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; differing labor regulations; and differing protection of intellectual property. We sell many of our products internationally. Furthermore, we source many components and materials for our products from and have manufacturing operations in several countries. Future tariffs and tariffs already implemented could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. It may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations in order to adapt to any such change. Further, additional tariffs, the scope and duration of which, if implemented, remain uncertain, and the potential commencement and escalation of a trade war and retaliatory measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Most of our accounting and tax processes including general accounting, cost accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable and tax functions are centralized at locations in India and Malaysia. If economic, political, health or other conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers and collect 19 Table of Contents our receivables. Our results of operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results. In addition, a significant amount of certain types of expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing expenses, are paid in local currencies. Our hedging programs reduce, but do not always entirely eliminate the impact of currency exchange rate movements within any given twelve-month period. Therefore fluctuations in exchange rates, including those caused by currency controls, could impact our business, operating results and financial condition by resulting in lower revenue or increased expenses. For expenses beyond any twelve-month period, our hedging strategy does not mitigate our exposure. In addition, our currency hedging programs involve third-party financial institutions as counterparties. The weakening or failure of financial institution counterparties may adversely affect our hedging programs and our financial condition through, among other things, a reduction in available counterparties, increasingly unfavorable terms, and the failure of the counterparties to perform under hedging contracts. If we do not introduce successful new products and services in a timely manner to address increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards, our products and services may become obsolete, and our operating results may suffer. We generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards. Without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services may become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results could suffer. The success of our new products and services will depend on several factors, including our ability to: properly identify customer needs and predict future needs; innovate and develop new technologies, services and applications; appropriately allocate our research and development spending to products and services with higher growth prospects; successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner; manufacture and deliver new products in sufficient volumes and on time; differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings; price our products competitively; anticipate our competitors' development of new products, services or technological innovations; and control product quality in our manufacturing process. In addition, if we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our profitability. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products and services, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our operating results may suffer. In addition, promising new products may fail to reach the market or realize only limited commercial success because of real or perceived concerns of our customers. Furthermore, as we collaborate with pharmaceutical customers to develop drugs such as companion diagnostics assays or provide drug components like active pharmaceutical ingredients, we face risks that those drug programs may be cancelled upon clinical trial failures. Demand for some of our products and services depends on the capital spending policies of our customers, research and development budgets and on government funding policies. Our customers include pharmaceutical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. Many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources, mergers and consolidations, institutional and governmental budgetary policies and spending priorities, and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities. Fluctuations in the research and development budgets at these organizations could have a significant effect on the demand for our products and services. Research and development budgets fluctuate due to changes in available resources, consolidation, spending priorities, general economic conditions, medical reimbursement policies and institutional and governmental budgetary policies. The timing and amount of revenue from customers that rely on government or research funding may vary significantly due to factors that can be difficult to forecast, including changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities for our products and services. If demand for our products and services is adversely affected, our revenue and operating results would suffer. 20 Table of Contents Recent and dynamic government rule making and policy changes could increase our costs, affect our markets and customers and impact our results of operations. The rapid increase in new government regulations, including tariffs and proposed tariffs in the geographies and markets in which we operate, could result in significant costs and require modifications in the way we and our customers conduct business. As we and our customers respond to newly enacted rules and legislation, effects on purchasing behavior and global trade relationships could affect our revenue. Increases in our costs and expenses related to our compliance or mitigation activities and those of our customers and suppliers could have a negative effect on our operating margin. If we are unable to respond to changing regulations in a timely and effective manner, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, geopolitical instability and evolving trade regulations, including tariffs, sanctions, and export controls, may restrict our ability to ship products globally or source critical components. These developments can increase costs, disrupt supply chains, and require operational adjustments. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in penalties, loss of export privileges, and reputational harm. Currently, United States federal agencies are operating under a continuing resolution that is set to expire on January 30, 2026. Without appropriation of additional funding to federal agencies, our business operations related to our product sales to customers receiving funding from the U.S. federal government could be impacted. Inadequate funding for government agencies, including from government shut downs, or other disruptions to these agencies operations, such as actions to greatly reduce the size of the federal workforce, could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of the businesses of certain of our customers and our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. Failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to accurately estimate our customers' demand could adversely affect our income. Our income could be harmed if we are unable to adjust our purchases to reflect market fluctuations, including those caused by the seasonal nature of the markets in which we operate. The sales of our products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers whose industries are subject to seasonal trends in the demand for their products. During a market upturn, we may not be able to purchase sufficient supplies or components to meet increasing product demand, which could materially affect our results. In the past, we have experienced a shortage of parts for some of our products. In addition, some of the parts that require custom design are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Should a supplier cease manufacturing such a component, we would be forced to reengineer our product. In addition to discontinuing parts, suppliers may also extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. In order to secure components for the production of products, we may enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments with vendors, or at times make advance payments to suppliers, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to declining market demands. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional expenses, which could adversely affect our income. Our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel. Our future success depends partly on the continued service of our key research, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, executive and administrative personnel. If we fail to retain and hire a sufficient number of these personnel, we will not be able to maintain or expand our business. We believe our pay levels are competitive within the regions that we operate. However, there is intense competition for certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas where we continue to recruit, and it may become more difficult to hire and retain our key employees. Our strategic initiatives to adjust our cost structure could have long-term adverse effects on our business, and we may not realize the operational or financial benefits from such actions. We have implemented multiple strategic initiatives across our businesses to adjust our cost structure, and we may engage in similar activities in the future. These strategic initiatives and our regular ongoing cost reduction activities may distract management, could slow improvements in our products and services and limit our ability to increase production quickly if demand for our products increases. In addition, delays in implementing our strategic initiatives, unexpected costs or failure to meet targeted improvements may diminish the operational and financial benefits we realize from such actions. Any of the above circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results and financial condition. 21 Table of Contents Our acquisitions, strategic investments and alliances, joint ventures, exiting of businesses and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected. In the normal course of business, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic investments and alliances, joint ventures and divestitures, and generally expect to complete several transactions per year. In addition, we may decide to exit a particular business within our product portfolio. As a result of such transactions, our financial results may differ from our own or the investment community's expectations in a given fiscal quarter, fiscal year, or over the long term. We may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a way that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or product lines. Acquired businesses may also expose us to new risks and new markets, and we may have difficulty addressing these risks in a cost effective and timely manner. Transactions such as acquisitions have resulted, and may in the future result, in unexpected significant costs and expenses. In the future, we may be required to record charges to earnings during the period if we determine there is an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, up to the full amount of the value of the assets, or, in the case of strategic investments and alliances, consolidate results, including losses, of third parties or write down investment values or loans and convertible notes related to the strategic investment. Integrating the operations of acquired businesses within Agilent could be a difficult, costly and time-consuming process that involves a number of risks. Acquisitions and strategic investments and alliances may require us to integrate and collaborate with a different company culture, management team, business model, business infrastructure and sales and distribution methodology and assimilate and retain geographically dispersed, decentralized operations and personnel. Depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, our successful integration of the entity depends on a variety of factors, including introducing new products and meeting revenue targets as expected, the retention of key employees and key customers, increased exposure to certain governmental regulations and compliance requirements and increased costs and use of resources. Further, the integration of acquired businesses is likely to result in our systems and internal controls becoming increasingly complex and more difficult to manage. Any difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses into our control system could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. Even if we are able to successfully integrate acquired busin