=== A_2025-12-22.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Business and Strategic Risks General economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our business is sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the United States. Slower global economic growth, increasing interest rates, inflationary pressures, instability and uncertainty in the markets in which we operate may adversely impact our business resulting in: • reduced demand and longer sales cycle for our products, delays in the shipment of orders, or increases in order cancellations; • increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories; • increased price pressure for our products and services; and • greater risk of impairment to the value, and a detriment to the liquidity, of our investment portfolio. 18 Table of Contents Our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated. Visibility into our markets is limited. Our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast and may be cancelled by our customers. In addition, our revenue and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality of our markets. However, the markets we serve do not always experience the seasonality that we expect as customer spending policies and budget allocations, particularly for capital items, may change. Any decline in our customers' markets or in general economic conditions has in the past and may in the future result in a reduction in demand for our products and services. Also, if our customers' markets decline, we may not be able to collect on outstanding amounts due to us. Such declines could harm our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and could limit our profitability. Also, in such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. Since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, research and development and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough, these pricing pressures could further reduce our operating margins. Economic, political, foreign currency and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. Because we sell our products worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. International revenue and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. The overall effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates had no impact on revenue growth for the year ended October 31, 2025 when compared to the same period last year. Typically, when movements in foreign currency exchange rates have a negative impact on revenue, they will also have a positive impact on our profitability by reducing our costs and expenses, or vice versa. In addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions, outsourcing activities and manufacturing facilities are located outside the United States. Accordingly, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, including: • interruption to transportation flows for delivery of parts and other inputs to us and our products to our customers; • ongoing instability or changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions, including inflation, recession, interest rate fluctuations and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts, including uncertainties and instability in economic and market conditions caused by pandemics like COVID-19, conflicts in Ukraine/Russia and the Middle East, and political and trade uncertainties in the greater China region; • changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, as well as changes to tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, new or different customs duties, trade embargoes and sanctions and other trade barriers; • tariffs imposed by the United States on goods from other countries and tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods, including tariffs and trade policies by the U.S. government on various imports from China and by the Chinese government on certain U.S. goods; • negative consequences from changes in or differing interpretations of laws and regulations, including those related to tax and import/export; • difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; • differing labor regulations; and • differing protection of intellectual property. We sell many of our products internationally. Furthermore, we source many components and materials for our products from and have manufacturing operations in several countries. Future tariffs and tariffs already implemented could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. It may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations in order to adapt to any such change. Further, additional tariffs, the scope and duration of which, if implemented, remain uncertain, and the potential commencement and escalation of a trade war and retaliatory measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Most of our accounting and tax processes including general accounting, cost accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable and tax functions are centralized at locations in India and Malaysia. If economic, political, health or other conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers and collect 19 Table of Contents our receivables. Our results of operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results. In addition, a significant amount of certain types of expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing expenses, are paid in local currencies. Our hedging programs reduce, but do not always entirely eliminate the impact of currency exchange rate movements within any given twelve-month period. Therefore fluctuations in exchange rates, including those caused by currency controls, could impact our business, operating results and financial condition by resulting in lower revenue or increased expenses. For expenses beyond any twelve-month period, our hedging strategy does not mitigate our exposure. In addition, our currency hedging programs involve third-party financial institutions as counterparties. The weakening or failure of financial institution counterparties may adversely affect our hedging programs and our financial condition through, among other things, a reduction in available counterparties, increasingly unfavorable terms, and the failure of the counterparties to perform under hedging contracts. If we do not introduce successful new products and services in a timely manner to address increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards, our products and services may become obsolete, and our operating results may suffer. We generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards. Without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services may become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results could suffer. The success of our new products and services will depend on several factors, including our ability to: • properly identify customer needs and predict future needs; • innovate and develop new technologies, services and applications; • appropriately allocate our research and development spending to products and services with higher growth prospects; • successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner; • manufacture and deliver new products in sufficient volumes and on time; • differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings; • price our products competitively; • anticipate our competitors' development of new products, services or technological innovations; and • control product quality in our manufacturing process. In addition, if we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue, which would adversely affect our profitability. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products and services, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our operating results may suffer. In addition, promising new products may fail to reach the market or realize only limited commercial success because of real or perceived concerns of our customers. Furthermore, as we collaborate with pharmaceutical customers to develop drugs such as companion diagnostics assays or provide drug components like active pharmaceutical ingredients, we face risks that those drug programs may be cancelled upon clinical trial failures. Demand for some of our products and services depends on the capital spending policies of our customers, research and development budgets and on government funding policies. Our customers include pharmaceutical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. Many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources, mergers and consolidations, institutional and governmental budgetary policies and spending priorities, and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities. Fluctuations in the research and development budgets at these organizations could have a significant effect on the demand for our products and services. Research and development budgets fluctuate due to changes in available resources, consolidation, spending priorities, general economic conditions, medical reimbursement policies and institutional and governmental budgetary policies. The timing and amount of revenue from customers that rely on government or research funding may vary significantly due to factors that can be difficult to forecast, including changes in spending authorizations and budgetary priorities for our products and services. If demand for our products and services is adversely affected, our revenue and operating results would suffer. 20 Table of Contents Recent and dynamic government rule making and policy changes could increase our costs, affect our markets and customers and impact our results of operations. The rapid increase in new government regulations, including tariffs and proposed tariffs in the geographies and markets in which we operate, could result in significant costs and require modifications in the way we and our customers conduct business. As we and our customers respond to newly enacted rules and legislation, effects on purchasing behavior and global trade relationships could affect our revenue. Increases in our costs and expenses related to our compliance or mitigation activities and those of our customers and suppliers could have a negative effect on our operating margin. If we are unable to respond to changing regulations in a timely and effective manner, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, geopolitical instability and evolving trade regulations, including tariffs, sanctions, and export controls, may restrict our ability to ship products globally or source critical components. These developments can increase costs, disrupt supply chains, and require operational adjustments. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in penalties, loss of export privileges, and reputational harm. Currently, United States federal agencies are operating under a continuing resolution that is set to expire on January 30, 2026. Without appropriation of additional funding to federal agencies, our business operations related to our product sales to customers receiving funding from the U.S. federal government could be impacted. Inadequate funding for government agencies, including from government shut downs, or other disruptions to these agencies’ operations, such as actions to greatly reduce the size of the federal workforce, could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of the businesses of certain of our customers and our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. Failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to accurately estimate our customers' demand could adversely affect our income. Our income could be harmed if we are unable to adjust our purchases to reflect market fluctuations, including those caused by the seasonal nature of the markets in which we operate. The sales of our products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers whose industries are subject to seasonal trends in the demand for their products. During a market upturn, we may not be able to purchase sufficient supplies or components to meet increasing product demand, which could materially affect our results. In the past, we have experienced a shortage of parts for some of our products. In addition, some of the parts that require custom design are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Should a supplier cease manufacturing such a component, we would be forced to reengineer our product. In addition to discontinuing parts, suppliers may also extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. In order to secure components for the production of products, we may enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments with vendors, or at times make advance payments to suppliers, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to declining market demands. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional expenses, which could adversely affect our income. Our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel. Our future success depends partly on the continued service of our key research, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, executive and administrative personnel. If we fail to retain and hire a sufficient number of these personnel, we will not be able to maintain or expand our business. We believe our pay levels are competitive within the regions that we operate. However, there is intense competition for certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas where we continue to recruit, and it may become more difficult to hire and retain our key employees. Our strategic initiatives to adjust our cost structure could have long-term adverse effects on our business, and we may not realize the operational or financial benefits from such actions. We have implemented multiple strategic initiatives across our businesses to adjust our cost structure, and we may engage in similar activities in the future. These strategic initiatives and our regular ongoing cost reduction activities may distract management, could slow improvements in our products and services and limit our ability to increase production quickly if demand for our products increases. In addition, delays in implementing our strategic initiatives, unexpected costs or failure to meet targeted improvements may diminish the operational and financial benefits we realize from such actions. Any of the above circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results and financial condition. 21 Table of Contents Our acquisitions, strategic investments and alliances, joint ventures, exiting of businesses and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected. In the normal course of business, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic investments and alliances, joint ventures and divestitures, and generally expect to complete several transactions per year. In addition, we may decide to exit a particular business within our product portfolio. As a result of such transactions, our financial results may differ from our own or the investment community's expectations in a given fiscal quarter, fiscal year, or over the long term. We may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a way that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or product lines. Acquired businesses may also expose us to new risks and new markets, and we may have difficulty addressing these risks in a cost effective and timely manner. Transactions such as acquisitions have resulted, and may in the future result, in unexpected significant costs and expenses. In the future, we may be required to record charges to earnings during the period if we determine there is an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, up to the full amount of the value of the assets, or, in the case of strategic investments and alliances, consolidate results, including losses, of third parties or write down investment values or loans and convertible notes related to the strategic investment. Integrating the operations of acquired businesses within Agilent could be a difficult, costly and time-consuming process that involves a number of risks. Acquisitions and strategic investments and alliances may require us to integrate and collaborate with a different company culture, management team, business model, business infrastructure and sales and distribution methodology and assimilate and retain geographically dispersed, decentralized operations and personnel. Depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, our successful integration of the entity depends on a variety of factors, including introducing new products and meeting revenue targets as expected, the retention of key employees and key customers, increased exposure to certain governmental regulations and compliance requirements and increased costs and use of resources. Further, the integration of acquired businesses is likely to result in our systems and internal controls becoming increasingly complex and more difficult to manage. Any difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses into our control system could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. Even if we are able to successfully integrate acquired businesses within Agilent, we may not be able to realize the revenue and other synergies and growth that we anticipated from the acquisition in the time frame that we expected, and the costs of achieving these benefits may be higher than what we expected. As a result, the acquisition and integration of acquired businesses may not contribute to our earnings as expected, we may not achieve our operating margin targets when expected, or at all, and we may not achieve the other anticipated strategic and financial benefits of such transactions. A successful divestiture depends on various factors, including our ability to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to the purchaser, identify and separate the intellectual property to be divested from the intellectual property that we wish to keep and reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business. In addition, if customers of the divested business do not receive the same level of service from the new owners, this may adversely affect our other businesses to the extent that these customers also purchase other Agilent products. In exiting a business, we may still retain liabilities associated with the support and warranties for products of those businesses and other indemnification obligations. All of these efforts require varying levels of management resources, which may divert our attention from other business operations. If we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such transactions, our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be negatively impacted. The impact of consolidation and acquisitions of competitors is difficult to predict and may harm our business. The life sciences industry is intensely competitive and has been subject to increasing consolidation. Consolidation in our industries could result in existing competitors increasing their market share through business combinations and result in stronger competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to compete successfully in increasingly consolidated industries and cannot predict with certainty how industry consolidation will affect our competitors or us. Public health crises may adversely impact, and pose risks to, certain elements of our business, results of operations and financial condition, the nature and extent of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics. Public health crises, and any related remediation measures such as quarantine, curfew and other travel and activity restrictions, may impact our operations and sales and delivery of products and services. Our supply chain has in the past and may in the future be impacted, and we could experience disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or components of our products. We 22 Table of Contents may be unable to accurately predict the full extent and duration of the impact of a public health crisis on our business and operations due to numerous uncertainties, including the duration and severity of the crisis, the efficacy and distribution of vaccines, containment measures and additional waves of infection. Regulatory, Legal and Compliance Risks If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, which could lead to a loss of investor confidence in our financial statements and have an adverse effect on our stock price. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial statements and to effectively prevent fraud. We devote significant resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and continue to enhance our controls. However, we cannot be certain that we will be able to prevent future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. Inadequate internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on investor confidence in our financial statements, the trading price of our stock and our access to capital. Our customers and we are subject to various governmental regulations. Compliance with or changes in such regulations may cause us to incur significant expenses, and if we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain regulations, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties. Our customers and we are subject to various significant international, federal, state and local regulations, including but not limited to regulations in the areas of health and safety, packaging, product content, employment, labor and immigration, import/export controls, trade restrictions and anti-competition. In addition, as a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal, sensitive and/or patient health data in the course of our business. Global privacy laws, including the EU's General Data Protection Regulation, China’s Personal Information Protection Law and Data Security Law, the California Consumer Privacy Act and Brazil’s Lei Geral de Protecao de Dados, apply to our activities involving the processing of personal data, both in relation to our product and service offerings and the management of our workforce. The global proliferation of privacy laws, with governmental authorities around the world passing or considering passing legislative and regulatory proposals concerning privacy and data protection, continues to result in new requirements regarding the handling of personal data and when personal data may be transferred outside the country where it was collected. Many such laws impose significant penalties for non-compliance (including possible fines of up to four percent of total company revenue under the General Data Protection Regulation or orders to stop processing personal data in a particular jurisdiction). Each of these privacy, security and data protection laws and regulations could impose significant limitations and increase our cost of providing our products and services where we process personal data and could harm our results of operations and expose us to significant fines, penalties and other damages. We must also comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, anti-competition regulations and sanctions imposed by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control and other similar laws and regulations. Such laws demand that we implement, test, and monitor an effective compliance program in order to detect and prevent instances of non-compliance. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, suspension of government contracts or debarment, restrictions on our business conduct and on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our ability to attract and retain employees, our international operations, our business and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies. These regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. We may be required to incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations or to remedy any violations of these regulations. Any failure by us to comply with applicable government regulations could also result in the cessation of our operations or portions of our operations, product recalls or impositions of fines, suspension of government contracts or debarment and restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations. In addition, because many of our products are regulated or sold into regulated industries, we must comply with additional regulations in marketing our products. We develop, configure and market our products in conformance with these regulations to meet customer needs. Any significant change in these regulations could reduce demand for our products, force us to modify our products to comply with new regulations or increase our costs of producing these products. If demand for our products is adversely affected or our costs increase, our operating results and 23 Table of Contents business would suffer. Our products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, like the International Standards Organization, as well as regulation by other agencies such as the Food and Drug Administration. We also must comply with work safety rules. If we fail to adequately address any of these regulations, our businesses could be harmed. We are subject to extensive regulation by the Food and Drug Administration and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies, and failure to comply with such regulations could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. A number of our products and services are subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies. In addition, a number of our products and services may in the future be subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies. These regulations govern a wide variety of product and service-related activities, from quality management, design and development to manufacturing, labeling, promotion, sales, distribution and post-market surveillance. In addition, we are subject to inspections by these and other regulatory authorities. If we or any of our suppliers, distributors or customers fail to comply with Food and Drug Administration regulations and other applicable regulatory requirements or are perceived to potentially have failed to comply, we may face, among other things, warning letters; adverse publicity affecting both us and our customers; investigations or notices of non-compliance, fines, injunctions, and civil or cri

=== A_2026-06-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Business and Strategic Risks General economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our business is sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the United States. Slower global economic growth, increasing interest rates, inflationary pressures, instability and uncertainty in the markets in which we operate may adversely impact our business resulting in: • reduced demand and longer sales cycle for our products, delays in the shipment of orders, or increases in order cancellations; • increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories; • increased price pressure for our products and services; and • greater risk of impairment to the value, and a detriment to the liquidity, of our investment portfolio. Our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated. Visibility into our markets is limited. Our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast and may be cancelled by our customers. In addition, our revenue and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality of our markets. However, the markets we serve do not always experience the seasonality that we expect as customer spending policies and budget allocations, particularly for capital items, may change. Any decline in our customers' markets or in general economic conditions has in the past and may in the future result in a reduction in demand for our products and services. Also, if our customers' markets decline, we may not be able to collect on outstanding amounts due to us. Such declines could harm our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and could limit our profitability. Also, in such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. Since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, research and development and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough, these pricing pressures could further reduce our operating margins. 52 Table of Contents Economic, political, foreign currency and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. Because we sell our products worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. International revenue and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. The overall effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates had a 3 percentage point favorable impact on revenue growth in the six months ended April 30, 2026 when compared to the same period last year. Typically, when movements in foreign currency exchange rates have a positive impact on revenue, they will also have a negative impact on our profitability by increasing our costs and expenses, or vice versa. In addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions, outsourcing activities and manufacturing facilities are located outside the United States. Accordingly, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, including: • interruption to transportation flows for delivery of parts and other inputs to us and our products to our customers; • ongoing instability or changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions, including inflation, recession, interest rate fluctuations and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts, including uncertainties and instability in economic and market conditions caused by pandemics like COVID-19, conflicts in Ukraine/Russia and the Middle East, and political and trade uncertainties in the greater China region; • changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, as well as changes to tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, new or different customs duties, trade embargoes and sanctions and other trade barriers; • tariffs imposed by the United States on goods from other countries and tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods, including tariffs and trade policies by the U.S. government on various imports from China and by the Chinese government on certain U.S. goods; • negative consequences from changes in or differing interpretations of laws and regulations, including those related to tax and import/export; • difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; • differing labor regulations; and • differing protection of intellectual property. We sell many of our products internationally. Furthermore, we source many components and materials for our products from and have manufacturing operations in several countries. Future tariffs and tariffs already implemented could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. It may be time-consuming and expensive for us to alter our business operations in order to adapt to any such change. Further, additional tariffs, the scope and duration of which, if implemented, remain uncertain, and the potential commencement and escalation of a trade war and retaliatory measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Most of our accounting and tax processes including general accounting, cost accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable and tax functions are centralized at locations in India and Malaysia. If economic, political, health or other conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers and collect our receivables. Our results of operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results. In addition, a significant amount of certain types of expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing expenses, are paid in local currencies. Our hedging programs reduce, but do not always entirely eliminate the impact of currency exchange rate movements within any given twelve-month period. Therefore fluctuations in exchange rates, including those caused by currency controls, could impact our business, operating results and financial condition by resulting in lower revenue or increased expenses. For expenses beyond any twelve-month period, our hedging strategy does not mitigate our exposure. In addition, our currency hedging programs involve third-party financial institutions as counterparties. The weakening or failure of financial institution counterparties may adversely affect our hedging programs and our financial condition through, among other things, a reduction in available counterparties, increasingly unfavorable terms, and the failure of the counterparties to perform under hedging contracts. 53 Table of Contents If we do not introduce successful new products and services in a timely manner to address increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards, our products and services may become obsolete, and our operating results may suffer. We generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards. Without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services may become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and opera