=== EW_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A below, as such risks and uncertainties may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K we file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of the statement, except as required by law. If we do update or correct one or more of these statements, investors and others should not conclude that we will make additional updates or corrections, except as required by law. Unless otherwise indicated or otherwise required by the context, the terms we, our, it, its, Company, Edwards, and Edwards Lifesciences refer to Edwards Lifesciences Corporation and its subsidiaries. WEBSITE REFERENCES In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we make references to our website at www.edwards.com. References to our website through this Form 10-K are provided for convenience only and the content of our website does not constitute a part of, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 1 Table of Contents Item 1. Business Overview Edwards Lifesciences Corporation is the leading global structural heart innovation company, driven by a passion to improve patient lives. Through breakthrough technologies, world-class evidence, and meaningful partnerships with clinicians and healthcare stakeholders, our employees are inspired by our patient-focused culture to deliver life-changing innovations to those who need them most. Edwards Lifesciences has been a leader in our field for over six decades. Since our founder, Miles Lowell Edwards, first dreamed of using engineering to address diseases of the human heart, we have steadily built a company on the premise of imagining, building, and realizing a better future for patients. Our innovative work encompasses both surgical and transcatheter therapies. In addition, our unique portfolio of repair and replacement technologies for aortic, mitral, tricuspid and pulmonic heart valves provides a broad set of treatment options to serve the many diverse and complex patients in need. Edwards remains committed to its strategy of transformative product innovation, high-quality, expansive clinical evidence to support approvals and adoption, as well as comprehensive support to ensure excellent real-world patient outcomes. Cardiovascular disease is the number-one cause of death in the world and is the top disease in terms of health care spending in nearly every country. In the U.S. alone, one cardiovascular patient dies every 34 seconds. 1 Cardiovascular disease is progressive in that it tends to worsen over time and often affects the structure of an individual's heart. Our vision is to transform patient care where patients are diagnosed earlier, treated in a routine fashion, live longer, and enjoy a better quality of life. Our future growth opportunities include offering solutions for treating patients with both valvular and non-valvular structural heart disease, such as heart failure, which is an unfortunate natural progression of the disease for many patients suffering from aortic stenosis, mitral and tricuspid regurgitation, and aortic regurgitation. Patients undergoing treatment for cardiovascular disease can be treated with a number of our medical technologies, which are designed to address individual patient needs with respect to disease process, comorbidities, and health status. For example, an individual with a heart valve disorder may have a faulty valve that is affecting the function of his or her heart or blood flow throughout his or her body. A cardiac surgeon may elect to remove the valve and replace it with one of our bioprosthetic surgical tissue heart valves or surgically re-shape and repair the faulty valve with an Edwards annuloplasty ring. Alternatively, an interventional cardiologist or cardiac surgeon may implant an Edwards transcatheter valve or repair system via a catheter-based approach that does not require traditional open-heart surgery and can be done while the heart continues to beat. Corporate Background Our principal executive offices are located at One Edwards Way, Irvine, California 92614. The telephone number at that address is (949) 250-2500. We make available, free of charge on our website located at www.edwards.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this report. Edwards Lifesciences' Product and Technology Offerings The following discussion summarizes the main groups of products and technologies we offer to treat advanced cardiovascular disease. Our products are categorized into the following groups: Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement ( TAVR ), Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies ( TMTT ), and Surgical Structural Heart ( Surgical ). For more information on net sales from these three main groups, see Net Sales by Product Group in Part II, Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement The Edwards SAPIEN family of valves remains a best-in-class therapy for lifetime management of patients with severe aortic stenosis. The SAPIEN valves are delivered while the heart is still beating. The majority of these procedures are conducted without the use of general anesthesia and patients are discharged home within one to 1 National Center for Health Statistics. Multiple Cause of Death 2018 2023 on CDC WONDER Database. Accessed February 1, 2025. 2 Table of Contents two days. Transcatheter aortic valve replacement with the SAPIEN family of valves enables patients to recover more quickly and return to a better quality of life sooner than patients receiving traditional open heart surgical therapies. Edwards' transcatheter aortic heart valves were first commercialized in Europe in 2007, in the United States in 2011, and in Japan in 2013. Edwards has partnered with the physician community to generate robust data that has expanded access to patients regardless of risk profiles or symptom status. In 2024, EARLY TAVR trial data demonstrated the superiority of early TAVR intervention in severe asymptomatic aortic stenosis patients with the SAPIEN 3 platform versus clinical surveillance. 2 The SAPIEN 3 platform was the world s first transcatheter heart valve with a transcatheter heart valve in the transcatheter heart valve ( THV-in-THV ) indication for patients assessed at high-risk for surgical replacement, offering patients the ability to have a second minimally invasive procedure. SAPIEN is the most studied valve in the world, with more than 15 years of distinguished clinical trials involving over 10,000 patients, 10 New England Journal of Medicine publications and 1.2 million patients treated around the world. Edwards leadership strategy of differentiated innovation, world-class evidence generation and indication expansion is driving guideline and policy evolution and improved patient access and long-term adoption of the SAPIEN platform. Additionally, the Edwards SAPIEN 3 system and Alterra system offer a minimally invasive option for pulmonary valve replacement for patients with congenital heart disease. Edwards continues to deliver the most predictable, durable and trusted TAVR therapy. Sales of our TAVR products represented 74%, 75%, and 77% of our net sales in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies We continue to make significant progress addressing the complex unmet needs of patients with mitral and tricuspid disease with a differentiated portfolio comprised of repair and replacement technologies. The company has successfully commercialized a unique portfolio of therapies, including the PASCAL, EVOQUE and SAPIEN M3 systems, transforming care by enabling personalized therapy. The PASCAL transcatheter repair system (in Europe, the United States, and Japan), EVOQUE tricuspid valve replacement system (in Europe and the United States), and SAPIEN M3 mitral valve replacement system (in Europe and the United States) are commercially available. The PASCAL system addresses the needs of patients with mitral or tricuspid regurgitation through leaflet approximation. The EVOQUE system, the world's first transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement therapy to receive regulatory approval, addresses tricuspid valve regurgitation by replacing the native valve with a bioprosthetic valve. The SAPIEN M3 transcatheter mitral valve replacement system is based on the proven SAPIEN valve and is designed specifically for mitral patients. We remain committed to our strategy of transformative product innovation, robust and expanding clinical evidence to support approvals and adoption, as well as comprehensive support to ensure excellent real-world patient outcomes. Sales of our TMTT products represented 9%, 7%, and 4% of our net sales in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Surgical Structural Heart We continue to advance our leadership in surgical therapies and transforming patients lives globally with leading surgical innovations. We are focused on identifying and solving critical unmet needs in cardiac surgery to help patients live longer, healthier and more active lives. Our differentiated RESILIA tissue technology, with published clinical data showing over 99% freedom from structural valve deterioration through eight years, 3 has set the new standard for tissue valve durability. Our flagship INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve offers RESILIA tissue and VFit technology. INSPIRIS is the leading aortic surgical valve in the world. Our KONECT RESILIA aortic valved conduit, the first pre-assembled, ready to implant, tissue valved conduit for complex combined procedures, continues to gain strong adoption in the United States and was launched in Europe in 2025. Our MITRIS RESILIA valve is commercially available in the United States, Europe, Japan and China, as well as other geographies, where it has been widely adopted by surgeons as the leading product in our mitral valve portfolio. We believe the demand for surgical structural heart therapies is growing worldwide, and that our innovation strategy will continue to strengthen our leadership and positive impact on patients. 2 G n reux, P., A. Schwartz, J.B. Oldemeyer, et al. Transcatheter Aortic-Valve Replacement for Asymptomatic Severe Aortic Stenosis. The New England Journal of Medicine, 28 Oct. 2024. 3 Kaneko, T, Johnston D, Bavaria JE, et al. Propensity-matched 8-year Outcomes Following Surgical Aortic Valve Replacement With Novel Calcificationresistant Versus Contemporary Tissue Bioprostheses. Presented at the Heart Valve Society Annual Scientific Meeting, April 2025. 3 Table of Contents Sales of our surgical tissue heart valve products represented 17%, 18%, and 19% of our net sales in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Competition The medical technology industry is highly competitive. We compete with divisions of larger companies as well as smaller companies that offer competitive product lines in certain geographies in which we operate. We also compete with both established and newer technologies that address the patients served by our products. New product development and technological change characterize the areas in which we compete. Our present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical as a result of technological advances by one or more of our present or future competitors or by other therapies, including drug therapies. Our strategy is to develop and produce safe and effective therapies supported by high-quality clinical studies with extensive data and with innovative features that can enhance patient benefits and product performance and reliability, as well as benefit healthcare systems. The benefits associated with our products are in part due to the level of customer and clinical support we provide. The cardiovascular segment of the medical technology industry is dynamic and subject to significant change due to cost-of-care considerations, regulatory reform, industry and customer consolidation, and evolving patient needs. The ability to provide products and technologies that demonstrate value while improving clinical outcomes is becoming increasingly important for medical technology manufacturers. We believe that we are a leading global competitor in each of our product lines. In TAVR, our primary competitors include Medtronic plc ( Medtronic ) and Abbott Laboratories ( Abbott ). In TMTT, our primary competitor is Abbott, and there are a considerable number of large and small companies with development efforts in these fields. In Surgical, our primary competitors include Medtronic and Abbott. Sales and Marketing Our portfolio includes some of the most recognizable cardiovascular device product brands in treating structural heart disease today. We have a number of product lines that require sales and marketing strategies that are tailored to deliver high-quality, cost-effective products and technologies to customers worldwide. Because of the diverse global needs of the population that we serve, our distribution system consists of several direct sales forces as well as independent distributors. We are not dependent on any single customer and no single customer accounted for 10% or more of our net sales in 2025. To achieve optimal outcomes for patients, we conduct educational symposia and best practices training for our physician, hospital executive, service line leadership, nursing, and clinical-based customers. We rely extensively on our sales and field clinical specialist personnel who work closely with our customers in hospitals. Field clinical specialists routinely attend procedures where Edwards' products are being used in order to provide guidance on the use of our therapies, thereby enabling physicians and staff to reach expert proficiency and deliver differentiated patient outcomes. In addition to working closely with physicians, nurses, and other clinical personnel, our customers include decision makers such as service line leaders, material managers, biomedical staff, hospital administrators and executives, purchasing managers, and ministries of health. Also, where appropriate, our corporate sales team actively pursues approval of Edwards Lifesciences as a qualified supplier for hospital group purchasing organizations ( GPOs ) that negotiate contracts with suppliers of medical products. Additionally, we have contracts with a number of United States and European national and regional buying groups, including healthcare systems and Integrated Delivery Networks. Where we choose to market our products is also influenced by the existence of, or potential for, adequate reimbursement to hospitals and other providers by national healthcare systems. United States. In the United States, we sell substantially all of our products through our direct sales forces. In 2025, 58% of our net sales were derived from sales to customers in the United States. Outside of the United States. In 2025, 42% of our net sales were derived outside of the United States through our direct sales forces and independent distributors. Of the total sales outside of the United States, 60% were in Europe, 14% were in Japan, and 26% were in Rest of World. We sell our products in approximately 100 countries, including Germany, Japan, France, United Kingdom ( U.K. ), Italy, Canada, China, and Spain. A majority of the sales and marketing approach outside of the United States is direct sales and sales of products under consignment arrangements, although it varies depending on each country's size and state of development. 4 Table of Contents Raw Materials and Manufacturing We operate manufacturing facilities in various geographies around the world. We manufacture our TAVR, TMTT, and Surgical products primarily in the United States, Singapore, Costa Rica, and Ireland, to ensure continuity of care for patients in these regions and also worldwide. We use a diverse and broad range of raw and organic materials in the design, development, and manufacture of our products. We manufacture our non-implantable products from fabricated raw materials including resins, chemicals, electronics, and metals. Most of our replacement heart valves are manufactured from natural tissues harvested from animal tissue as well as fabricated materials. We purchase certain materials and components used in manufacturing our products from external suppliers. In addition, we purchase certain supplies from single sources for reasons of sole source availability or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. We work with our suppliers to mitigate risk and seek continuity of supply while maintaining quality and reliability. Alternative supplier options are generally considered, identified, and approved for materials deemed critical to our products, although we do not typically pursue immediate regulatory qualification of alternative sources due to the strength of our existing supplier relationships and the time and expense associated with the regulatory validation process. We comply with current global guidelines regarding risks for products incorporating animal tissue intended to be implanted in humans. We follow rigorous sourcing and manufacturing procedures intended to safeguard humans from potential risks associated with diseases such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ). We obtain bovine tissue used in our pericardial tissue valve products only from sources within the United States and Australia, where strong control measures and surveillance programs exist. In addition, bovine tissue used in our pericardial tissue valve products is from tissue types considered by global health and regulatory organizations to have shown no risk of infectibility. Our manufacturing and sterilization processes are designed to render tissue biologically safe from all known infectious agents and viruses. Quality Assurance We are committed to providing high-quality products to patients and have implemented modern quality systems and concepts throughout the organization. The quality system starts with the initial design concept, risk management, and product specification, and continues through the design of the product, packaging and labeling, and the manufacturing, sales, support, and servicing of the product. The quality system is intended to design quality into the products and uses continuous improvement concepts, including Lean/Six Sigma principles, throughout the product lifecycle. Our operations are frequently inspected by the many regulators that oversee medical device manufacturing, including the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ), European Notified Bodies, and other regulatory entities. The medical technology industry is highly regulated and our facilities and operations are designed to comply with all applicable quality systems standards, including the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) 13485:2016. These standards require, among other items, quality system controls that are applied to product design, component material, suppliers, and manufacturing operations. These regulatory approvals and ISO certifications can be obtained only after a successful audit of a company's quality system has been conducted by regulatory or independent outside auditors. Periodic reexamination by an independent outside auditor is required to maintain these certifications. Environmental, Health, and Safety We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace and complying with all relevant regulations and medical technology industry standards. Through our corporate and site level Environmental, Health, and Safety functions, we establish and monitor programs to reduce pollution, prevent injuries, and maintain compliance with applicable regulations. In order to measure performance, we monitor and report on a number of metrics, including regulated and non-regulated waste disposal, energy usage, water consumption, air emissions, and injuries from our production activities. Each of our manufacturing sites is evaluated regularly with respect to a broad range of Environmental, Health, and Safety criteria. 5 Table of Contents Research and Development In 2025, we made significant investments in research and development, both internally and through acquisitions, as we worked to develop therapies that we believe have the potential to change the practice of medicine for structural heart patients. Research and development spending increased approximately 2% year over year, representing approximately 18% of 2025 sales. This increase was primarily the result of significant investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs, including an increase in clinical research for our mitral, aortic, and tricuspid therapies. We are engaged in ongoing research and development to deliver clinically advanced new products, to enhance the effectiveness, ease of use, safety, and reliability of our current leading products, and to expand the applications of our products as appropriate. We focus on opportunities within specific areas of structural heart disease. A considerable portion of our research and development investment includes clinical trials and the collection of evidence that provide data for use in regulatory submissions, and required post-market approval studies involving applications of our products. Our investment in clinical studies also includes outcomes and cost-effectiveness data for payers, clinicians, and healthcare systems. In TAVR, we are developing new products to further improve and streamline transcatheter aortic heart valve replacement procedures. In TMTT, we are making significant investments in innovation and clinical evidence to develop technologies designed to treat mitral and tricuspid valve diseases. Our Surgical development programs include innovative platforms for patients who are best treated surgically, specifically active patients and patients with more complex combined procedures. Our future growth opportunities include offering solutions for treating patients with both valvular and non-valvular structural heart disease, such as heart failure, which is a natural progression of the disease for many patients suffering from aortic stenosis, mitral and tricuspid regurgitation and aortic regurgitation. Our research and development activities are conducted primarily in facilities located in the United States and Israel. Our experienced research and development staff are focused on product design and development, quality, clinical research, and regulatory compliance. To pursue primary research efforts, we have developed alliances with several leading research institutions and universities and also work with leading clinicians around the world in conducting scientific studies on our existing and developing products. Proprietary Technology Patents, trademarks, and other proprietary rights are important to the success of our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing innovations, licensing opportunities, and non-disclosure agreements to develop and maintain our competitive position. We own or have rights to a substantial number of patents and have patent applications pending both in the United States and in foreign countries. We continue to innovate and file new patent applications to protect our new products and technologies. Additionally, we are a party to license agreements and other arrangements with various third parties pursuant to which we have obtained, for varying terms, the exclusive or non-exclusive rights to certain patents held by such third parties in consideration for cross-licensing rights and/or royalty payments. We have also licensed certain patent rights to others. We undertake reasonable measures to protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation has been necessary to enforce certain intellectual property rights held by us, and we plan to continue to defend and prosecute our rights with respect to such intellectual property. Moreover, we own certain United States registered trademarks used in our business. Many of our trademarks have also been registered for use in certain foreign countries where registration is available and where we have determined it is commercially advantageous to do so. 6 Table of Contents Government Regulation and Other Matters Our products and facilities are subject to regulation by numerous government health agencies, including the U.S. FDA, European Union ( EU ) member states competent authorities, and the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency. These entities oversee the various laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, and distribution of our products. We are also governed by federal, state, local, and international laws of general applicability, including, but not limited to, those regulating employee health and safety, labor, competition, governance and securities, privacy, anti-corruption, trade secret, commercial, trade, and the protection of the environment. Overall, the amount and scope of domestic and foreign laws and regulations applicable to our business has increased over time. Compliance with these regulations has not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position to date, but new regulations, amendments to existing regulations, or new interpretations of existing regulations could have such an effect in the future. We cannot estimate the expenses we may incur to comply with potential new laws or changes to existing laws, or the other potential effects these laws may have on our business. United States Regulation. In the United States, the FDA has responsibility for regulating medical devices. The FDA regulates the design, development, testing, clinical studies, manufacturing, labeling, promotion, and record keeping for medical devices, and reporting of adverse events, recalls, or other field actions by manufacturers and users to protect public health. Many devices that we develop and market are in a category for which the FDA has implemented stringent clinical investigation and pre-market clearance or approval requirements. The process of obtaining FDA clearance or approval to market a product is resource intensive, lengthy, and costly. A number of our products are pending regulatory clearance or approval to begin commercial sales. Ultimately, the FDA may not authorize the commercial release of a medical device if it determines the device is not safe and effective or does not meet other regulatory standards. Additionally, even if a product is cleared or approved, the FDA may impose restrictions or require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the effects of these products once commercialized. The FDA has the authority to halt the distribution of certain medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order the repair, replacement, or refund of the costs of such devices, or preclude the importation of devices that are or appear to be violative of its regulations. The FDA also conducts inspections to determine compliance with the regulations concerning the manufacturing and design of devices, medical device reporting, recalls, clinical testing, and other requirements. The FDA may withdraw product clearances or approvals due to failure to comply with regulatory standards, or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial approval, and require notification of health professionals and others with regard to medical devices that present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to public health. Additionally, the failure to comply with FDA regulatory standards or the discovery of previously unknown product problems could result in fines, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of regulatory clearances or approvals, seizures, injunctions, recalls, refunds, civil money penalties, or criminal prosecution. Our compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review. Moreover, the FDA and several other United States agencies administer controls over the export of medical devices from, and the import of such devices into, the United States, which could also subject us to penalties for noncompliance. We are also subject to additional laws and regulations that govern our business operations, products, and technologies, including: federal, state, and foreign anti-kickback laws and regulations, which generally prohibit payments to anyone, including physicians, as an inducement to purchase or recommend a product; the Stark law, which prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to a provider that bills these programs for the provision of certain designated health services if the physician (or a member of the physician's immediate family) has a financial relationship with that provider; federal and state laws and regulations that protect the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records, and restrict the use and disclosure of such information, in particular, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996; 7 Table of Contents the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires public disclosure of the financial relationships of United States physicians and teaching hospitals with applicable manufacturers, including medical device, pharmaceutical, and biologics companies; the False Claims Act, which prohibits the submission of false or otherwise improper claims for payment to a federally funded health care program, and health care fraud statutes that prohibit false statements and improper claims to any third-party payor; and the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which can be used to prosecute United States companies for arrangements with foreign government officials or other parties, or for not keeping accurate financial records or maintaining adequate internal controls to prevent and detect arrangements with foreign government officials or other parties. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in criminal liability, significant fines or penalties, negative publicity, and substantial costs and expenses associated with investigation and enforcement activities. To assist in our compliance efforts, we work to adhere to our many codes of ethics and conduct regarding our business activities in the United States and other countries in which we operate. In addition, we have in place a dedicated team to improve our internal business compliance programs and policies. Regulation Outside of the United States. Outside of the United States, the regulation of medical devices is also complex. In Europe, our products are subject to extensive regulatory requirements. The regulatory regime in the EU for medical devices became mandatory in June 1998. It requires that medical devices may only be placed on the market if they do not compromise safety and health when properly installed, maintained, and used in accordance with their intended purpose. National laws conforming to the EU's legislation regulate our products under the medical devices regulatory system. Although the more variable national requirements under which medical devices were formerly regulated have been substantially replaced by the European Union Medical Devices Directive Regulation ( MDR ). This regulation requires legal manufacturers to declare that their products conform to the essential regulatory requirements after which the products may be placed on the market bearing the CE Mark. Legal manufacturers' quality systems for products are also subject to certification and audit by an independent notified body. In Europe, particular emphasis is being placed on more sophisticated and faster procedures for the reporting of adverse events to the national competent authorities. In addition, in the European Economic Area, we import some of our devices to supply product to Switzerland. Switzerland is not a member state of the EU, but is linked to the EU through bilateral treaties; therefore, the free movement of goods, including medical devices, between the EU and Switzerland after implementation of the MDR required a revised Mutual Recognition Agreement ( MRA ) that had not been agreed to until recently and which requires additional regulatory steps on registration and labeling. Even following the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union, the United Kingdom continues to recognize the validity of EU CE mark certificates for the supply of medical devices in the United Kingdom. The UK allows both UK Conformity Assessed ( UKCA ) and CE-marked medical devices to access the Great Britain (GB) market. Currently, the UK s medical device legislation states that the access for CE-marked medical devices will end on June 30, 2030; however, the UK s regulatory body, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), has announced it will consult on extending the recognition of CE-marked products indefinitely. In addition, the UK government has put in place legislation to clarify and strengthen the post-market surveillance requirements for medical devices in Great Britain. These measures became effective on June 16, 2025, and aim to facilitate greater traceability of incidents and trends, and to allow the MHRA to act swiftly when needed, supporting better risk management and containment of safety issues to reduce harm. In Japan, pre-market approval and clinical studies are required as is governmental pricing approval for medical devices. Clinical studies are subject to a stringent Japanese Good Clinical Practices standard. Approval time frames from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare vary from simple notifications to review periods of one or more years, depending on the complexity and risk level of the device. In addition, strict regulations and management standards exist under the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Act (PMD Act) and Ordinance for execution of PMD Act to ensure the quality and safety of imported medical devices. As with any highly regulated market, significant changes in the regulatory environment could adversely affect future sales. 8 Table of Contents In many of the other foreign countries in which we market our products, we may be subject to regulations affecting, among other things: product standards and specifications; packaging requirements; labeling requirements; product collection and disposal requirements; quality system requirements; import restrictions; tariffs; duties; and tax requirements. Many of the regulations applicable to our devices and products in these countries are similar to those of the FDA. In some regions, the level of government regulation of medical devices is increasing, which can lengthen time to market and increase registration and approval costs. In many countries, the national health or social security organizations require our products to be qualified before they can be marketed and considered eligible for reimbursement. Health Care Initiatives. Government and private sector initiatives to limit the growth of health care costs, including price regulation and competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness reviews, technology assessments, increasing evidentiary demands, and managed-care arrangements, are continuing in many geographies where we do business, including the United States, Europe, and Japan. As a result of these changes, the marketplace has placed increased emphasis on the delivery of more cost-effective medical therapies. For example, government programs, private health care insurance, and managed-care plans have attempted to control costs by restricting coverage and limiting the level of reimbursement for procedures or treatments, and some third-party payors require their pre-approval before covering payment of new or innovative devices or therapies that are used by patients. These various initiatives have created increased price sensitivity over medical products generally and may impact demand for our products and technologies. The delivery of our products is subject to regulation by the United States Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) and comparable state and foreign agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of health care items and services. Foreign governments also impose regulations in connection with their health care reimbursement programs and the delivery of health care items and services. Reimbursement schedules regulate the amount the United States government will reimburse hospitals and doctors for the inpatient care of persons covered by Medicare. HHS' Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ( CMS ) may also review whether and/or under what circumstances a procedure or technology is reimbursable for Medicare beneficiaries. Changes in current coverage and reimbursement levels could have an adverse effect on market demand and our pricing flexibility. Health care cost containment efforts have also prompted domestic hospitals and other customers of medical device manufacturers to consolidate into larger purchasing groups to enhance purchasing power. The medical technology industry has also experienced some consolidation, partly in order to offer a broader range of products to large purchasers. As a result, transactions with customers are larger, more complex, and tend to involve more long-term contracts than in the past. These larger customers, due to their enhanced purchasing power, may have a material impact on product pricing. These laws or any future legislation, including deficit reduction legislation, could impact medical procedure volumes, reimbursement for our products, and demand for our products or the prices at which we sell our products. 9 Table of Contents Seasonality Our quarterly sales are influenced by many factors, including new product introductions, acquisitions, regulatory approvals, patient and physician holiday schedules, and other factors. Sales in the third quarter are typically lower than other quarters of the year due to the seasonality of the United States and European markets, where summer vacation schedules normally result in fewer medical procedures. Human Capital Management Strategy Human Capital Management ( HCM ) Governance The primary goals of our talent management strategy are to attract, develop and retain a motivated, professional workforce and to strive for alignment on our patient-focused innovation strategy. Our Board of Directors routinely engages with leadership to review and discuss our human capital management ( HCM ), with time dedicated at each regularly scheduled meeting to discuss talent management, which includes topics such as talent strategy, succession planning, employee development, critical role talent acquisition, employee health, safety, and welfare, results of employee surveys, and compensation. Our Board of Directors also annually approves the strategic talent imperatives that are tied to our Key Operating Drivers ( KODs ). Our KODs are tracked using a point system across our entire organization that focus the Company and management toward short-, medium-, and long-term goals. The strategic talent imperatives are developed to identify talent related initiatives that support achievement of the KODs. In addition, the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and his leadership team have talent management related performance goals tied to their compensation; these Performance Management Objectives are reviewed on an annual basis, tracked, and then reported to and evaluated by our Board of Directors. As we scale to reach more patients around the world, we have integrated our Talent Organization ( T O ) Strategy with our Edwards Strategic Planning process. The purpose of our T O Strategy is to anticipate global trends related to our workforce, develop our talent to meet future organizational needs, and enable us to be well-poised to meet these needs. Our T O Strategy enables us to explore external workforce signals, share insights, and identify and build emerging capabilities across our organization. We have also developed a comprehensive succession planning process that allows us to build strong talent from within while we pursue an aggressive recruiting process to fill any gaps with highly qualified external talent. This consistent and scalable approach looks across all our product groups, regions, and significant functions to align and elevate priorities, critical capabilities, and organizational evolutions in line with our strategic plan. This integrated approach informs our annual objectives and fuels our talent roadmap across the strategic horizon. Our HCM governance includes a global talent development review ( TDR ) process to align our talent strategies with our business strategy, assess talent against future organizational needs, evaluate critical talent populations, and enhance the strength of our succession planning. We track our performance regularly. Culture Investing in our workforce means our employees can stay focused on our patient-focused innovation strategy and the development of life-saving therapies for the patients we serve. We are committed to maintaining an ethical culture where we celebrate diversity, promote good health and safety, empower employees to speak up, and ensure that employees' voices are heard. We are committed to fair and equitable pay practices and strive to offer competitive employee well-being packages. We track compensation patterns in all geographies where we operate, and we regularly look for ways to ensure fair and equitable pay. 10 Table of Contents We are proud of our patient-focused culture, and the way we work together globally to bring life-saving innovations to patients in need. We recognize the need for diverse perspectives and experiences, and we foster inclusion, belonging, and collaboration across Edwards. We are committed to fostering an environment where all employees can grow and thrive, understanding that diverse perspectives enable our commitment to innovation. We believe this commitment can be best achieved by always selecting the best candidate and building a culture that celebrates excellence. We aim to deliver this by centering our decisions on the following focus areas whose overriding priority is The Patient: Business, People, Communication, and Community. As a practice, all employees receive global business practice standards and unconscious bias training as a foundational aspect of our culture, and we include a non-discrimination clause in our Global Business Practice Standards and Third Party Code of Conduct. Employee Listening We believe in empowering our employees and providing avenues that enable their voices to be heard. We conduct a multilingual global employee survey, called my Voice, to gain employees' feedback in a confidential manner. The CEO and Executive Leadership Team hold themselves accountable to consider and act on the results of the survey, and these results are reviewed by management with our Board of Directors. This initiative helps us gain insights on various topics including patient focus, quality, and employee engagement. In addition to myVoice, we also conduct onboarding and exit surveys to help us better understand the broader employee experience at Edwards. Speak-Up is a resource available to all employees to bring forth compliance-related concerns; a key element of our compliance program is that each employee is accountable for maintaining ethical business practices. In addition, during each quarterly global employee meeting, our CEO answers questions that have been submitted to him by employees. Answers to questions that are not covered in the townhall meeting are posted online on our internal intranet. Benefits and Well-being We believe that good health is the foundation for great performance, both at work and at home. That is why we offer a comprehensive benefits and well-being program designed to support the whole person. Our offerings include health and wellness insurance, health savings accounts, family support services, and site-specific programs tailored to local needs. We continuously review and enhance our benefits to stay competitive, comply with evolving legislation, and meet the unique needs of our workforce. Beyond traditional benefits, we provide well-being programs focused on prevention, nutrition, mental health, physical activity, financial fitness, and community engagement. As part of this commitment, we have identified five key areas of health where focused support can have the greatest impact: Mind+ (Mental Well-being) Metabolic Health Heart Health Musculoskeletal Health Cancer Care and Prevention Our programs include education, resources, and tools to help employees maintain and improve their health in these areas, such as screenings, early detection initiatives, and guidance for managing chronic conditions. Mental well-being remains a cornerstone of our approach. Through Mind+, we offer a wide range of mental health resources and foster an environment where employees feel comfortable discussing mental health and accessing support. We believe that when employees feel their best, physically, mentally, and emotionally, they are more innovative, resilient, and able to build stronger relationships. Prioritizing well-being helps employees thrive at home and at work and supports our mission to help patients around the world live longer, healthier, and more productive lives. 11 Table of Contents Talent Development Developing talent around the globe is critical to achieving our mission at Edwards. We believe in developing talent from within and have a long-term commitment to building the leadership and technical skills for the present and future needs of the business. Edwards provides in-depth learning and development resources for employees at all levels, including blended learning opportunities such as in-person, virtual, and online courses, capability assessments, coaching, and developmental experiences. We are committed to enabling our employees to have long-term careers at Edwards by encouraging each employee to take ownership of their professional development, engage in the significant resources available, and leverage the performance management and feedback process to be on a journey of continuous growth. We also encourage managers to be involved in helping their employees develop enhanced personal, professional, and leadership skills. Our learning and development strategy aims to have a balanced focus on building leadership and technical capabilities, with resources dedicated to building learning and development for global leaders, such as our course on ethical decision making for managers, and developing technical skills and capabilities for our functional teams. Our learning and development initiatives are designed to support and sustain Edwards values and unique culture, inspiring our employees to collaborate, innovate, and grow, ultimately enabling us to better serve our patients. Headcount and Labor Representation As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 16,000 employees worldwide, the majority of whom were located in the United States, Singapore, and Costa Rica. None of our North American employees are represented by a labor union. In various countries outside of North America, we interact with trade unions and works councils that represent employees. Additional details regarding talent development, compensation, and employee health and safety can be found in our Corporate Impact Report posted on our website at www.edwards.com under Investors Governance Corporate Impact. References to our website in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are provided for convenience only and the content on our website is not being incorporated by reference herein and does not constitute a part of this Report. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. An investor should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of these events or circumstances occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially harmed. In that case, the value of our securities could decline and an investor could lose part or all of his or her investment. In addition, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that are contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our other filings or statements may be subject to the risks described below as well as other risks and uncertainties. Please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in Part I above. Please note that the headers and summary provided below are only intended to assist the reader in navigating the risk factors; some risks, present or future, may implicate multiple types of risks. Please read all risk factors in their entirety. Summary of Risk Factors The following summarizes the principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. This summary should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business and you should read this summary together with the more detailed description of risks and uncertainties discussed below. Business and Operating Risks Failure to successfully innovate and market products Unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures Manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems Competition 12 Table of Contents Dependence on key physicians. research institutions, and hospital systems Public health crises, including pandemics and epidemics Reliance on vendors, suppliers, and other third parties Use of, or failure to effectively and timely utilize, emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence ( AI ) Damage, failure, or interruption of our information technology systems, including due to cybersecurity attacks and breaches Failure to recruit and retain qualified talent or execute management succession plans Failure to integrate acquired businesses Risks associated with the sale of our Critical Care product group Global Macroeconomic and Industry Risks Risks associated with global economic, political and social conditions Risks related to our international operations Inability to obtain government reimbursement or reductions in reimbursement levels Industry consolidation Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risks Inability to protect our intellectual property Inability to defend against intellectual property claims from third parties Reduced access and demand for our products as a result of, and compliance with, health care legislation and other government regulations Risks related to domestic and foreign income and non-income taxes Risks related to data privacy and security laws Losses from product liability claims Use of products in unapproved circumstances Substantial costs from environmental, health and safety regulations Climate change Risks relating to animal-borne illnesses Business and Operating Risks Failure to successfully innovate and develop new and differentiated products in a timely manner and effectively market these products could have a material effect on our prospects. Our continued growth and success depend on our ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products in a timely manner and effectively market these products. Without timely innovation and development, our products could be rendered obsolete or less competitive because of the introduction of a competitor's newer technologies or changing customer preferences. Innovating products requires the devotion of significant financial and other resources to research and development activities; however, there is no certainty that the products we are currently developing will complete the development process, or that we will obtain the regulatory or other approvals required to market such products in a timely manner or at all. Even if we timely innovate and develop products, our ability to successfully market them could be limited by a number of different factors, including competitive products and pricing, barriers in patient activation (including disease awareness, detection, and diagnosis), restrictive requirements in the U.S. national coverage determination for transcatheter aortic valve replacement procedures, the need for regulatory clearance, restrictions imposed on approved indications, capacity constraints within hospital systems, including staffing shortages and the availability of catheterization laboratories, and uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Failure in any of these areas could have a material effect on our prospects. Unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures relating to products could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. The regulatory approval process for new products and new indications for existing products requires extensive clinical trials and procedures, including early clinical feasibility and regulatory studies. Unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from current or future clinical trials or procedures conducted by us, our competitors, or third parties, or perceptions regarding these clinical data, could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals and the market's view of our future prospects. Such clinical trials and procedures are inherently uncertain and there can be 13 Table of Contents no assurance that these trials or procedures will be enrolled or completed in a timely or cost-effective manner or result in a commercially viable product or indication; failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our prospects. Clinical trials or procedures may experience significant setbacks even after earlier trials have shown promising results. Further, preliminary results from clinical trials or procedures may be contradicted by subsequent analyses. In addition, results from our clinical trials or procedures may not be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience. If preliminary clinical results are later contradicted, or if initial results cannot be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience, our business could be adversely affected. Clinical trials or procedures may be delayed, suspended, or terminated by us, the FDA, or other regulatory authorities at any time if it is believed that the trial participants face unacceptable health risks or any other reasons, and any such delay, suspension, or termination could have a material adverse effect on our prospects or the market's view of our future prospects. If we or one of our suppliers or logistics partners encounters manufacturing, logistics, safety, or quality problems, our business could be materially adversely affected. The manufacture and sterilization of many of our products are highly complex due in part to rigorous regulatory requirements. Quality is extremely important for many reasons, including due to the serious and costly consequences of a product failure. Safety is also critically important. Problems can arise for a number of reasons, including disruption of facility utilities, equipment malfunction, failure to follow protocols and procedures, raw material problems (including cost volatility and availability), software problems, cybersecurity incidents, or human error. Disruptions can occur at any time, including during production line transfers and expansions. Disruptions can also occur if our manufacturing and warehousing facilities are damaged by earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes, fires, and other natural disasters or catastrophic circumstances. As we expand into new markets and scale new products for commercial production, we may face unanticipated delays or surges in demand which could strain our production capacity and lead to other types of disruption. If any of these manufacturing, logistics, or quality problems arise or if we or one of our suppliers or logistics partners otherwise fail to meet internal quality standards or those of the FDA or other applicable regulatory body, our reputation could be damaged, we could become subject to a safety alert or a recall (whether voluntary or mandated), we could incur product liability and other costs, product approvals and production could be delayed, and our business could otherwise be materially adversely affected. We operate in highly competitive markets, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed. We face substantial competition and compete with technologies of many types and companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, brand name recognition, breadth of product offerings, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. In addition, given the trend toward value-based healthcare, if we are not able to continue to demonstrate the full value of our differentiated products to healthcare providers and payors, our competitive position could be adversely affected. We have in the past and are continuing to experience constrained procedure volumes and sales for our products because more products, including Edwards own products, are competing for the same facilities and staffing within hospitals. See Competition under Business in Part I, Item 1 included herein. The success of many of our products depends upon certain key physicians, research institutions, and hospital systems. We work with leading global physicians and research institutions who provide considerable knowledge and experience. These physicians may assist us as researchers, marketing consultants, product trainers and consultants, inventors, and public speakers. If new laws, regulations, or other developments limit our ability to appropriately engage these professionals or with the research institutions of which they are a part or to continue to receive their advice and input or we are otherwise unsuccessful in maintaining strong working relationships with these physicians or their research institutions, the development, marketing, and successful use of our products could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we rely on hospital systems to be able to hire staff and have available facilities, including catheterization laboratories, to perform procedures using our products. With multiple new technologies competing for these facilities, including technologies we develop and introduce in both our TAVR and TMTT product groups, a decision by a hospital system, particularly a large hospital system, not to adequately staff or provide facilities necessary to perform procedures using our products, or a decision to use a competitors products instead of ours, has in the past and may continue in the future to meaningfully adversely impact our ability to sell our products, 14 Table of Contents resulting in lower sales and revenue than we forecasted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, including pandemics and epidemics, the timing and effects of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict, and could disrupt our business and the hospital systems and supply chains in which we operate and result in material adverse impacts on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on third parties in the design, manufacture, and sterilization of our products. Any failure by or loss of a vendor could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business. We rely on third parties for a broad range of raw and organic materials and other items in the design, manufacture, and sterilization of our products, and we purchase certain supplies and services from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, cost-effectiveness, availability, constraints resulting from regulatory requirements, and other reasons. We experience from time to time, and may continue to experience, supply interruptions due to a variety of factors, including: General economic conditions that could adversely affect the financial viability of our vendors; Vendors' election to no longer service or supply medical technology companies, including due to the burdens of applicable quality requirements and regulations or for no reason at all; The limitation or ban of certain chemicals or other materials used in the manufacture of our products; and Delays, shortages and price increases due to trade or regulatory embargoes. Additionally, any significant increases in the cost of raw materials, whether due to inflationary pressure, supply constraints, the imposition of tariffs, regulatory changes, or otherwise, could adversely impact our operating results. A change or addition to our vendors could require significant effort due to the rigorous regulations and requirements of the FDA and other regulatory authorities; it could be difficult to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our use of, or our failure to effectively and timely utilize, emerging technologies, including AI, could adversely impact our business and financial results. We use AI and other emerging technologies in various facets of our operations and our business. The legal and regulatory landscape surrounding AI technologies is rapidly evolving and uncertain. The rapid advancement of these technologies entails risks, including potential deficiencies in AI-generated information and increased regulatory, cybersecurity, privacy, intellectual property and data-related risks. Another risk may arise if we are unable to timely utilize AI for technological innovation and business operation efficiency in a manner that is faster and more effective than our competitors. In addition, compliance with new or changing laws, regulations or industry standards relating to AI may impose significant costs on us and limit our ability to effectively develop, deploy or use AI technologies. Furthermore, if we are unable to effectively manage the use of AI technologies by our employees and service providers, our confidential information, intellectual property and reputation could be put at risk. Failure to appropriately respond to this evolving landscape may result in reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action and fines, penalties and expenses related thereto. Failure to protect our information technology infrastructure and our products against cybersecurity attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions, or data corruption could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. The operation of our business depends on our information technology systems and the information technology systems of certain of our service providers and suppliers. We rely on our information technology systems to, among other things, effectively manage sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory 15 Table of Contents management, product development tasks, clinical data, customer service and technical support functions. Our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power losses, computer system or data network failures or outages, security breaches, and data corruption. In addition, our information technology infrastructure and products are vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks. Cybersecurity attacks can include, but are not limited to, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks, and other introduction of malware to computers and networks; social engineering or other unauthorized access through the use of compromised credentials; exploitation of design flaws, bugs, or security vulnerabilities; intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges; and intentional acts of vandalism by third parties and sabotage. Further, cybersecurity threats and the techniques used in cybersecurity attacks change, develop, and evolve rapidly, including from emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of AI and quantum computing. In addition, we rely upon technology suppliers, including cloud based data management applications hosted by third party service providers, whose cybersecurity and information technology systems are subject to similar risks. While we are not aware of any cybersecurity attacks that have materially affected our business, financial condition, or operations, the preventative measures we have implemented to date may not be sufficient to prevent, mitigate, or offset a future incident that may materially and adversely impact us. Significant disruption in either our or our service providers or suppliers information technology or the security of our products could impede our operations or result in decreased sales, result in liability claims or regulatory penalties, impact patient safety or lead to increased overhead costs, product shortages, loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, intellectual property, or sensitive or personal information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to recruit and retain qualified talent or are otherwise unsuccessful in the execution of our management succession plans. Our continued success depends, in large part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified people and execute on our talent management and succession plans, and if we are unable to do so, our business and operations may be impaired or disrupted. See Human Capital Management Strategy under Business in Part I, Item 1 included herein. Competition for highly qualified people is intense, and there is no assurance that we will be successful in attracting or retaining replacements to fill vacant positions, successors to fill retirements or employees moving to new positions, or other highly qualified personnel. Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses, technologies or strategic alliances, or challenges related to the execution of acquisitions or divestitures, as well as liabilities or claims relating to such acquired businesses or divestitures, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. As part of our strategy, we actively manage a portfolio of businesses, technologies, services, and products as well as enter into potential strategic alliances. If we are unable to acquire businesses or technologies or other transactions on a timely basis or at all, we will not be able to execute our strategy and our business and results of operations may be adversely impacted. The integration of acquired businesses and technologies may be costly and may divert significant amounts of resources, including management and employee time and attention, away from the development and commercialization of our other products. Our failure to successfully manage the integration and growth of acquired businesses and technologies and our existing structural heart therapies could have an adverse impact on our business. We may not receive the anticipated benefits of acquisitions despite such expenses and diversion of resources, and acquisitions may not prove to be profitable. Furthermore, we may face unforeseen challenges in executing our strategic plans to expand our products and therapies, which could cause our business and results of operations to suffer. Acquired businesses may have liabilities, or be subject to claims, litigation or investigations that we did not anticipate or which exceed our estimates at the time of the acquisition. From time to time, we identify operations and products that are underperforming or that do not fit with our longer-term business strategy, such as our recent divestiture of our Critical Care product group, or there may be unforeseen operating difficulties and significant expenditures during the integration of an acquired business, technology, service or product into our existing operations. We have written down the value of certain acquired assets in the past, and may be required to do so in the future. We have also previously decided to, and may in the future decide to, dispose of underperforming operations or products or voluntarily cease operations related to a 16 Table of Contents product. In addition, we have previously been required, and may in the future be required, to record charges or write-downs in connection with acquisitions and divestitures, including charges related to developed technology and/or in-process research and development assets. We have also been, and may in the future be, party to disputes arising from divestitures or ceased operations related to certain products, which have previously and may in the future result in litigation, liability or reputational harm. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with the sale of our Critical Care product group. On September 3, 2024, we sold our Critical Care product group to Becton, Dickinson and Company. We are subject to risks involved with transferring the Critical Care product group and functioning under interim operating model arrangements, such as increased complexity of operations, including, but not limited to, those related to finance, quality, and information technology, diversion of management s attention to our business, and additional related risks and costs which can have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Global Macroeconomic and Industry Risks We may be adversely impacted by global economic, political and social conditions. We conduct extensive global operations and have been impacted and may continue to be negatively impacted by general global economic, political and social conditions, although we cannot predict the extent to which such conditions may negatively impact our business. These include, but are not limited to, conditions impacting inflation, credit and capital markets, interest rates, tax law, including tax rate and policy changes, factors affecting global economic stability, tariffs and the political environment relating to health care. These and other conditions could also adversely affect our customers, payers, vendors and other stakeholders and may impact their ability or decision to purchase our products or make payments on a timely basis. Our international operations subject us to certain business risks. We are from time to time impacted by a variety of risks associated with doing business internationally that can harm our future results, including the following: trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, import or export requirements, and duties, tariffs, or surcharges (including existing or potential future tariffs imposed by the U.S. on goods from other countries and tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods); cultural or other local factors affecting financial terms with customers; global regulations including those related to health care, labor and environmental, social and governance; military conflict, political unrest, or wars; scrutiny from governmental bodies regarding the pricing of our products; and currency exchange rate fluctuations; that is, decreases in the value of the United States dollar to the Euro or the Japanese yen, as well as other currencies in which we transact business, have the effect of increasing our reported sales even when the volume of sales outside of the United States has remained constant. Increases in the value of the United States dollar relative to the Euro or the Japanese yen, as well as other currencies, have the opposite effect. Significant increases or decreases in the value of the United States dollar could have a material adverse effect on our sales, cost of sales, or results of operations. Additionally, the U.S. Department of Commerce recently initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into (among other things) imports of personal protective equipment, medical consumables and medical equipment (including devices), to determine whether they threaten U.S. national security, which further creates policy uncertainty in terms of tariffs. The current tariff environment is dynamic, as the U.S. government has imposed, modified and paused tariffs multiple times since the beginning of 2025. Changes to tariffs and other trade restrictions can be announced at any time with little or no notice. We cannot predict with certainty the future trade policy of the U.S. or other countr ies. We are monitoring recent judicial developments and executive branch responses related to U.S. tariffs; however, the impact, if any, cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Tariffs may cause (i) increases in manufacturing costs, (ii) disruptions or delays to our supply chain, (iii) limitations on our ability to sell our products domestically or abroad, and (iv) reductions in sales volumes and gross 17 Table of Contents margins for our products, any of which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The ultimate impact of any existing or new tariffs or other changes in international trade policies on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is subject to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the duration of such tariffs, changes in tariff rates, the amount, scope and nature of the tariffs, the results of the Section 232 investigation referenced above, any countermeasures that target countries may take or any mitigating actions that may become available. If government or other third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or impose other cost containment measures to reduce reimbursement levels, our ability to profitably sell our products will be harmed. We sell our products and technologies to hospitals and other health care providers, nearly all of which receive reimbursement for the health care services provided to patients from third-party payors, such as government programs (both domestic and outside of the United States), private insurance plans, and managed care programs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products from private and governmental third-party payors is critical to our success. The availability of reimbursement affects which products customers purchase and could impact pricing. Reimbursement varies from country to country and can significantly impact acceptance of new products. Government and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. Reimbursement levels may be decreased in the future. Additionally, future legislation, regulation, or reimbursement policies of third-party payors may otherwise adversely affect the demand for and price levels of our products. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed. Hospitals or physicians may respond to such cost-containment pressures by substituting lower cost products or other therapies, to the extent they are available. Third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a device used in a procedure was not used in accordance with coverage requirements as determined by such third-party payors or was used for an unapproved indication. Third-party payors may also deny reimbursement for experimental procedures and devices. We believe or have demonstrated through studies or analyses that many of our existing products are cost-effective, because they are intended to improve quality of life and can reduce overall health care costs in the short- and long-term. We cannot be certain that these third-party payors will recognize these cost savings and quality of life benefits instead of merely focusing on the lower initial costs associated with competing therapies, to the extent they exist. If our products do not meet coverage requirements by third-party payors, our customers may not be reimbursed for them, resulting in lower sales of our products. Continued consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. The health care industry has been consolidating, and organizations such as GPOs, independent delivery networks, and large single accounts, such as the United States Veterans Administration, continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our health care provider customers. As a result, transactions with customers are larger and more complex, and tend to involve more long-term contracts. The purchasing power of these larger customers has increased, and may continue to increase, causing downward pressure on product pricing. If we are not one of the providers selected by one of these organizations, we may be precluded from making sales to its members or participants. Even if we are one of the selected providers, we may be at a disadvantage relative to other selected providers that are able to offer volume discounts based on purchases of a broader range of medical equipment and supplies. Further, we may be required to commit to pricing that has a material adverse effect on our revenues, profit margins, business, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect that market demand, governmental regulations, third-party reimbursement policies, and societal pressures will continue to drive consolidation and increase pricing pressure. 18 Table of Contents Legal, Compliance, and Regulatory Risks Our inability to protect our intellectual property or failure to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of data or other sensitive company information, by cyber-attack or other event, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our ability to protect our proprietary intellectual property through a combination of patents and trade secrets. We cannot guarantee that the protective steps we take are adequate to protect these rights: Patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged and held invalid. As our patents expire, we may be unsuccessful in extending their protection through patent term extensions. Confidentiality agreements with certain employees, consultants, and other third parties intended to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary information could be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies. Others could independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary information, design around our technology, or develop competing technologies. Our intellectual property, other proprietary technology, and other sensitive company information is dependent on sophisticated information technology systems and is potentially vulnerable to cyber-attacks, loss, theft, damage, destruction from system malfunction, computer viruses, loss of data privacy, or misappropriation or misuse of it by those with permitted access, and other events. We may not detect infringement. Intellectual property protection may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries. We spend significant resources to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, sometimes resulting in expensive and time-consuming litigation that is complex and may ultimately be unsuccessful. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products. During recent years, we and our competitors have been involved in substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights, which is typically costly and time-consuming. We may be forced to defend against claims and legal actions alleging infringement of the intellectual property rights of others, and, if our defense is unsuccessful, we could have significant liabilities to third parties or face injunctions that bar the sale of our products, or could require us to seek licenses from third parties. Such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, may prevent us from manufacturing, selling, or using certain products, or may be non-exclusive, which could provide our competitors access to the same technologies. In addition, third parties could also obtain patents that may require us to either redesign products or negotiate licenses from such third parties, which may be costly, unavailable, or require us to exit a particular product offering. Health care legislation and other regulations may adversely impact access to and demand for our products . We are subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern our domestic and international business practices. For example, in the United States, continued implementation of the Affordable Care Act and the 21st Century Cures Act, or any future legislation, including deficit reduction legislation, could impact medical procedure volumes, reimbursement for our products, and demand for our products or the prices at which we sell our products. 19 Table of Contents In addition, a Mutual Recognition Agreement still under negotiation for the Medical Device Regulation may result in a lack of free movement of medical devices between the EU and Switzerland, may impact our access in the EU and may, ultimately, have a material effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For more information about these laws as they relate to our business, see the section entitled Government Regulation and Other Matter s in Part I, Item 1, Business . We and our customers are subject to healthcare legislation and other rigorous governmental regulations and we may incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations. In addition, failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to substantial sanctions and may impact our ability to sell our products in certain countries which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The medical technologies we create, study, manufacture, and market globally are subject to rigorous regulation and scrutiny by the FDA and various other federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities, including the European Union's European Commission (the Commission ), which promulgated the European Medical Device Regulation ( EU MDR ). Government regulation applies to nearly all aspects of our products lifecycles, including testing, clinical study, manufacturing, transporting, sourcing, safety, labeling, storing, packaging, recordkeeping, reporting, advertising, promoting, distributing, marketing, and importing or exporting of medical devices and products. In general, unless an exemption applies, a medical device or product must receive regulatory approval or clearance before it can be marketed or sold. Modifications to existing products or the marketing of new uses for existing products also may require regulatory approvals, approval supplements, or clearances. If we are unable to obtain these required approvals, we may be required to cease manufacturing and sale, or recall or restrict the use of such modified device, pay fines, or take other action until such time as appropriate clearance or approval is obtained. More specifically relating to the EU MDR which came into effect in May 2017 and became applicable in May 2021 with a staggered transition period, all regulated products must be assessed by notified bodies (organizations designated by EU member states) as to whether they meet the technical requirements of the EU MDR before entering the market in Europe. During the transition period, with the influx of submissions to the notified bodies, any delay on obtaining approvals may result in a disruption of device supply or a further delay in getting a device to market. In addition, in the EU, we import some of our devices through our offices in Switzerland. Switzerland is not a member state of the EU, but is linked to the EU through bilateral treaties; therefore, the free movement of goods, including medical devices, between the EU and Switzerland after implementation of the EU MDR required a revised MRA. If an MRA covering the EU MDR is not put in place, then non-EU manufacturers may be required to make significant changes, including replacement of Swiss economic operators with operators based in EU member states, and changes will need to be made to our device labeling and/or packaging to satisfy EU MDR requirements. If these measures are unable to be taken, it may no longer be possible to place such devices on the EU market. Regulatory agencies may refuse to grant approval or clearance, or review and disagree with our interpretation of approvals or clearances, or with our decision that regulatory approval is not required or has been maintained. Regulatory submissions may require the provision of additional data and may be time consuming and costly, and their outcome is uncertain. Regulatory agencies may also change policies, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, each of which could prevent or delay approval or clearance of devices, or could impact our ability to market a previously cleared, approved, or unregulated device. Additionally, the United States federal government has shut down several times in recent years, most recently on October 1, 2025, during which many government agencies, including the FDA, furloughed critical employees and stopped critical activities. A prolonged government shutdown could significantly affect the FDA s timely review of any regulatory filings or applications we submit, which could result in delays or failures to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals, clearances or to comply with regulatory requirements. Our failure to comply with these regulatory requirements of the FDA, the Commission, or other applicable regulatory requirements in the United States or elsewhere might subject us to administratively or judicially imposed sanctions. These sanctions may include, among others, warning letters, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties, injunctions, debarment, product seizure or detention, product recalls and total or partial suspension of production, sale and/or promotion. Any of the foregoing actions could result in decreased sales including as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In addition to the sanctions for noncompliance described above, commencement of an enforcement proceeding, inspection, or investigation could divert substantial management attention from the operation of our business and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents We are also subject to various United States and foreign laws pertaining to health care pricing, anti-competition, anti-corruption, and fraud and abuse, including prohibitions on kickbacks and the submission of false claims laws and restrictions on relationships with physicians and other referral sources. Further, we and our suppliers are subject to various United States and foreign regulations regarding environmental, social and governance matters. These laws are global and broad in scope, are rapidly increasing and are constantly evolving, which could require us to incur substantial costs and utilize internal resources to monitor the regulations and to comply. Any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government investigations and significant criminal or civil sanctions and may impact our ability to sell products in certain jurisdictions in addition to other liabilities, including substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in governmental health care programs. We face a number of risks related to our income taxes in the United States as well as other jurisdictions. Provision for Income Taxes. Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates. Our income tax provision could also be impacted by changes in excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation, federal and state tax credits, non-deductible expenses, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability and creditability of withholding taxes, and effects from acquisitions. Tax Reform . Our provision for income taxes could be materially impacted by changes in accounting principles or evolving tax laws, including, but not limited to, global corporate tax reform and base-erosion and tax transparency efforts. For example, many countries are aligning their international tax rules with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Pillar Two recommendations and action plans that aim to standardize and modernize international corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border taxes, transfer pricing documentation rules, nexus-based tax practices, and taxation of digital activities. The effective dates of implementation, the interactions of tax reforms in multiple jurisdictions, uncertainty related to dispute resolution mechanisms, and any ultimate agreement regarding treatment of the U.S. tax regime as a qualified side-by-side Pillar Two system, could impact our provision for income taxes. Tax Audits . We are subject to ongoing tax audits in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax authorities have disagreed and may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes that could be material. Please see Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this report for information regarding our current audits and disputes with tax authorities. Although we regularly assess the likely outcomes of such audits and record reserves for potential tax payments, the calculation of tax liabilities involves the application of complex tax laws, and our estimates could be different than the amounts for which we are ultimately liable. In addition, we have challenged in the past and may decide in the future to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal, which could result in expensive and time-consuming litigation that may ultimately be unsuccessful. Tax Incentives . We benefit from various global tax incentives extended to encourage investment or employment. Several foreign jurisdictions have granted us tax incentives which require renewal at various times in the future. If our incentives are not renewed or we cannot or do not wish to satisfy all or part of the tax incentive conditions, we may lose the tax incentives and could be required to refund tax incentives previously realized. As a result, our provision for income taxes could be higher than it would have been had we maintained the benefits of the tax incentives. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing legal and regulatory requirements that govern the collection, use, storage, security, transfer, disclosure, and other processing of personal data in the United States and in other countries, which may include, but are not limited to, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPPA ), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) adopted by the EU and the California Privacy Rights Act ( CRPA ) and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the CRPA (the CCPA ). The GDPR imposes stringent EU data protection requirements and provides for significant penalties for noncompliance. HIPAA also imposes stringent data privacy and security requirements and the regulatory authority has imposed significant fines and penalties on organizations found to be out of compliance. The CCPA and the CRPA provides consumers with a private right of action against companies that have a security breach due to lack of appropriate security 21 Table of Contents measures. These laws affect how we collect and use data of our employees, customers, and other parties, including patients treated with our products, and they may further restrict our transfer and use of such data, and can expose us to investigations and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities and claims from individuals potentially resulting in penalties and significant legal liability, if our efforts to protect such confidential personal information are inadequate. These laws, as well as similar laws being enacted by other states and countries, impose substantial requirements that involve the expenditure of significant resources and the investment of significant time and effort to comply. We also rely on third parties to host or otherwise process some of this data, who are subject to similar risks, and any failure by such third parties to comply with data privacy and security laws or protect such confidential information, could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business. We may incur losses from product liability or other claims that could adversely affect our operating results. Our business exposes 