=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-26-000021_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q12026.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Amy Meshulam, media edwards.com Investors Gerianne Sarte, investor_relations edwards.com EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS FIRST QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, CA, April 23, 2026 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2026. Highlights and Outlook Q1 sales grew 16.7% to $1.65 billion 1 , constant currency 2 sales grew 12.7% Q1 TAVR sales grew 14.4% to $1.20 billion 1 constant currency 2 sales grew 11.0% Q1 TMTT sales of $173 million 1,3 , driven by repair and replacement therapies Q1 EPS of $0.66 1 adjusted 2 EPS of $0.78 1 Raising FY 2026 constant currency 2 sales growth guidance to 9% to 11% from 8% to 10% Raising FY 2026 adjusted 2 EPS guidance midpoint new range of $2.95 to $3.05 from $2.90 to $3.05 Renewed clinical focus on proactive disease management with differentiated SAPIEN TAVR Completed $500 million Accelerated Share Repurchase Building on a year in 2025 marked by solid financial performance and strategic progress, we delivered another strong quarter in Q1, achieving 12.7% sales growth, which reflects the impact and durability of our focused strategy. We remain dedicated to solving large, urgent and complex patient needs and pursuing unique opportunities to innovate and lead in structural heart disease, said Bernard Zovighian, Edwards CEO. Based on our first quarter performance, we are raising our financial guidance for 2026. We continue to pursue additional meaningful growth opportunities across our portfolio, and our financial strength and strategic clarity give us confidence in the future. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the first quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $1.2 billion, which grew 14.4% compared to the prior year, or 11.0% on a constant currency basis. SAPIEN growth in the U.S. was healthy, and it was even faster outside of the U.S. Edwards global competitive position in the first quarter increased slightly year-over-year mainly due to the exit of a competitor in Europe. Average selling prices were stable globally. Based on Edwards first quarter TAVR performance, the company is raising its full-year 2026 TAVR sales growth guidance to 7% to 9% from 6% to 8%. Recent clinical trial results on long-term TAVR performance continue to support patient treatment with SAPIEN TAVR. The company is encouraged by the broader momentum that the EARLY TAVR study data has generated across the clinical community for both symptomatic and asymptomatic patients. There has been a shift toward proactive disease management, with an increased focus on evaluation and intentional referral of patients with severe aortic stenosis earlier in the disease pathway. This evolution in patient management, combined with a large and growing body of long-term SAPIEN outcomes data, reinforces the company s confidence in the durable, multi-year growth opportunity ahead. Later this year, results of the PROGRESS trial studying patients with moderate AS will be presented at the TCT conference. In the U.S., the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) is conducting the process to reconsider the National Coverage Determination (NCD) for TAVR. This decision has the potential to improve timely access to lifesaving TAVR therapy. In Europe, first quarter results demonstrated continued strong commercial execution and sustained physician demand for the SAPIEN platform. Updated guidelines from the European Society of Cardiology and the European Association for Cardio-Thoracic Surgery are reshaping clinical discussions around proactive disease management and reinforcing the role of TAVR for a broader patient population. Outside of Europe, sales growth was strong across multiple geographies, including Japan, driven by procedural growth and adoption of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA platform. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) First quarter TMTT sales of $173 million were driven by the company s unique portfolio of repair and replacement therapies to treat mitral and tricuspid diseases. Globally, mitral and tricuspid procedures grew in the estimated double digits, with Edwards sales growing at a higher rate. In tricuspid, at the recent American College of Cardiology (ACC) scientific session, two-year TRISCEND II data were presented, demonstrating significantly lower all-cause mortality with EVOQUE when accounting for patient crossover. The company continues to increase patient access to transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement and drive further adoption of EVOQUE by expanding into new centers. Adoption of Edwards PASCAL transcatheter edge-to-edge repair (TEER) technology continues to increase, driven by physician enthusiasm for its unique design and differentiated outcomes, and underscored by the significant needs of these patients. The company s progress on the PASCAL pipeline remains on track, with a next-generation technology expected in Q4 for both mitral and tricuspid patients in the U.S. and Europe. In addition, Edwards expects the launch of PASCAL in the U.S. for tricuspid patients in Q4 of this year, which will expand the population of patients that can benefit from this impactful technology. The recent FDA approval of SAPIEN M3 expands Edwards mitral portfolio in the U.S. The company s commercial experience, while early, validates the need for this mitral replacement solution for 2 patients who are not well-suited for mitral TEER. Physician feedback on patient outcomes and procedural experience with SAPIEN M3 has been positive. The strong and increasing utilization of Edwards differentiated therapies EVOQUE, PASCAL and SAPIEN M3 combined with double-digit mitral and tricuspid procedure volumes globally positions Edwards for continued growth. Surgical In Surgical, first quarter global sales of $276 million increased 10.1% compared to the prior year, or 5.9% on a constant currency basis, driven by continued adoption of the company s RESILIA therapies that offer extended durability. INSPIRIS adoption continues to increase globally. The KONECT aortic valved conduit, which facilitates Bentall procedures for patients in need, recently launched in Europe with strong adoption. With the launch of MITRIS in additional markets around the world, uptake of this technology in surgical mitral valve replacement procedures was strong. The 10-year data from t

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-26-000006_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q42025.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Amy Meshulam, 949-250-4009, media edwards.com Investors investor_relations edwards.com EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, CA, Feb. 10, 2026 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter and full-year ended Dec. 31, 2025 . Highlights and Outlook Q4 sales grew 13.3% to $1.57 billion 1 , constant currency 2 sales grew 11.6% Q4 TAVR sales grew 12.0% to $1.16 billion 1 constant currency 2 sales grew 10.6% Q4 TMTT sales grew more than 40% to $156 million 1 from repair and replacement therapies Q4 EPS of $0.11 1 adjusted 2 EPS of $0.58 FY 2025 sales grew 11.5% , 10.7% constant currency 2 Increased confidence in FY 2026 constant currency 2 sales growth of 8 10% FY 2026 revenue outlook includes TMTT growing 35 45% to $740 $780 million Increased confidence in FY 2026 adjusted 2 EPS $2.90 $3.05 Edwards strong fourth quarter and full year performance in 2025 reflect our differentiated strategy with a clear vision around three key elements focusing solely on structural heart, solving large, urgent and very complex patient needs, and pursuing unique opportunities to innovate and lead, all achieved through excellent execution by our deeply experienced teams, said Bernard Zovighian, Edwards CEO. Based on multiple catalysts and the company s strong fourth quarter performance, we have increased confidence in our outlook for 2026 and believe that our 70 years of expertise in valve innovation and world-class evidence will create sustainable growth and expanded profitability. These enduring catalysts benefitting Edwards in 2026 and the years ahead include distinguished long-term results unique to Edwards from the PARTNER 3 7-year and PARTNER 2 10-year trials, the impact of the practice-changing EARLY TAVR trial, new guidelines for treating aortic stenosis patients in Europe and the approvals of the first transcatheter mitral replacement therapy. We expect additional meaningful catalysts later in 2026 to fuel sustainable growth into the future, including next-generation TEER, PASCAL for U.S. tricuspid patients, continued scaling of EVOQUE and the potential of increased patient access from an updated TAVR NCD, continued Zovighian. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the fourth quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $1.16 billion, which grew 12.0% versus the prior year, or 10.6% on a constant currency basis. Full-year 2025 global sales of $4.5 billion increased 8.6% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. U.S. and OUS sales growth rates were similar on a constant currency basis. The company s procedural growth was comparable across the U.S. and OUS, and average price and competitive position was stable on a global basis. In the U.S., the company saw intentional and urgent treatment of patients with severe aortic stenosis, fueled by a large and growing body of world-class evidence on the SAPIEN platform. The U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) formally opened the process to reconsider the National Coverage Determination for TAVR, a decision that has the potential to improve timely and equitable access to lifesaving TAVR therapy. At TCT last October, the 7 year PARTNER 3 and 10-year PARTNER 2 data confirmed the long term durability and proven valve performance of the SAPIEN platform. These data reinforce the confidence that physicians and patients have in Edwards TAVR and set a new clinical standard with Edwards transcatheter heart valve therapy for safety, efficacy, durability, and lifetime management of patients. Edwards also expanded its partnership with the American Heart Association as the founding sponsor of the Heart Valve Initiative. This new multi-year initiative is focused on timely diagnosis and treatment to save lives and improve care for millions living with heart valve disease. In Europe, fourth quarter results reflected healthy underlying TAVR procedure growth and Edwards consistent commercial execution across the region. The company continues to see modest year-over-year share improvement in the wake of a competitor s exit. Updated guidelines from the European Society of Cardiology and European Association for Cardio-Thoracic Surgery are reshaping clinical discussions around proactive disease management and reinforcing the role of TAVR for a broader patient population. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) The depth and breadth of Edwards portfolio of repair and replacement therapies to treat mitral and tricuspid diseases drove another quarter of strong growth. Fourth quarter TMTT sales grew more than 40% to $156 million. Global adoption of PASCAL and EVOQUE contributed to overall growth. The company continues to expand the number of centers and physician training while focusing on excellent patient outcomes. The recent FDA approval of SAPIEN M3 expands Edwards mitral portfolio in the U.S. and represents the first transcatheter replacement option for patients suffering from mitral disease. Similar to other Edwards therapy launches, the strategic introduction of SAPIEN M3 is leveraging the company s proven high value support model and focusing on outstanding clinical outcomes. Edwards is initially 2 opening sites that were previously in the ENCIRCLE pivotal clinical trial, and physician focus and interest in this technology is growing. With PASCAL and EVOQUE growing globally, and now with the introduction of SAPIEN M3 in the U.S. and Europe, Edwards continues to deliver on its vision of offering a portfolio of therapies and treating more patients in this globally underserved population with mitral and tricuspid disease. This comprehensive portfolio represents several layers of durable growth. Surgical In Surgical, fourth quarter global sales from continuing operations of $254 million increased 4% over the prior year, or 2% on a constant currency basis. Full-year Surgical sales of more than $1 billion grew 5%, or 4% on a constant currency basis, driven by continued adoption of RESILIA therapies that offer extended durability of Edwards surgical therapies including INSPIRIS, KONECT and MITRIS. Edwards is pursuing multiple new innovations to advance Surgical solutions for patients, including Left Atrial Appendage Closure (LAAC). This therapeutic area is a complementary solution to specific valvular procedu

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-25-000059_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q32025.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Amy Meshulam, 949-250-4009 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS THIRD QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, CA, October 30, 2025 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. Recent Highlights Q3 sales grew 14.7% to $1.55 billion, or 12.6% adjusted 1 , with strength across all product groups Q3 TAVR sales grew 12.4% constant currency 1 sales grew 10.6% Q3 TMTT sales of $145.2 million, growth driven by PASCAL and EVOQUE Q3 EPS of $0.50 2 adjusted 1 EPS of $0.67 SAPIEN 3, which showed superiority at 1 year, also demonstrates compelling long-term outcomes equivalent to surgery at 7 years, further supported by 10-year follow-up of PARTNER 2 studies New ESC EACTS guidelines simplify care pathways for all severe AS patients EVOQUE real-world data from over 1,000 patients showed impressive safety and efficacy results SAPIEN M3 achieved primary endpoint in pivotal ENCIRCLE trial for mitral replacement 2025 Full-Year Outlook Increasing sales growth guidance to high end of 9-10% from 9-10% Increasing TAVR sales guidance to 7-8% from 6-7% Increasing adjusted 1 EPS guidance to $2.56 to $2.62 from the high end of $2.45 to $2.55 Our strong results represent another quarter of double-digit sales growth, driven by our comprehensive portfolio across multiple therapeutic areas aortic, pulmonic, mitral and tricuspid and our established presence in countries around the world, said Bernard Zovighian, CEO. Based on our better-than-expected performance, reflecting the patient-focused contributions of our talented employees, we are raising our 2025 sales and EPS guidance. Edwards remains committed to being the partner of choice for heart teams by providing a complete portfolio of therapies for the many patients in need, built on the foundation of our unique strategy and an unprecedented body of evidence. Our focus on structural heart, including extending into heart failure and aortic regurgitation, represents a tremendous opportunity with the potential to drive differentiated long-term value. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the third quarter, Edwards TAVR sales of $1.15 billion grew 12.4% vers us the prior year or 10.6% on a constant currency basis. Constant currency growth was comparable in the United States and outside of the U.S. On a global basis, Edwards' competitive position and pricing remained largely stable. TAVR growth in the quarter was better than expected as clinicians demonstrated a renewed focus on prioritizing treatment for patients suffering from aortic stenosis. Sales growth in multiple regions was supported by new evidence, guideline updates and expanding indications. The updated ESC EACTS guidelines for valvular heart disease establish a simplified care pathway for severe AS patients, regardless of symptoms. These guidelines enable a proactive approach to disease management and underscore that intervention should be considered for asymptomatic patients, regardless of heart function, which is a meaningful step forward from the prior practice of watchful waiting. Outside of the U.S., the company continues to focus on the value of its differentiated technology and increasing therapy adoption, especially in areas where many patients go without care. In Europe, the exit of a competitor resulted in a rebalancing of the market and a modest contribution to Edwards sales. In Japan, TAVR sales growth continues to improve, reflecting a gradual recovery in market growth. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) Edwards unique TMTT portfolio of repair and replacement therapies to treat mitral and tricuspid diseases drove another quarter of impressive growth, with a meaningful contribution to overall company performance. Third quarter sales were $145.2 million or $144.1 million adjusted, representing growth of 59.3% year-over-year or 53.2% adjusted. Adoption of the company s differentiated PASCAL and EVOQUE systems remains strong in both new and existing centers around the world. In addition, excellent initial clinical outcomes have been observed following the introduction of SAPIEN M3 in Europe and physicians have expressed support for this therapy for the many patients without alternative treatment options. The new ESC EACTS guidelines released in the third quarter also included updates related to the management of patients with mitral and tricuspid diseases, which further supports global use of transcatheter therapies for these patients. With PASCAL, EVOQUE and the recent CE Mark of SAPIEN M3, Edwards is advancing its vision to meet the complex needs of underserved patients with mitral and tricuspid disease with a differentiated portfolio comprised of repair and replacement technologies. Surgical In Surgical, third quarter sales of $258 million increased 7.5% over the prior year, or 5.6% on a constant currency basis. The company continues to see strong adoption of its RESILIA aortic and mitral therapies in addition to positive procedure growth for the many patients best treated surgically, including complex and concomitant procedures. 2 Edwards continues to generate evidence on the RESILIA portfolio and expand access globally. With CE Mark approval for KONECT in Europe at the end of the second quarter, the company has been able to expand access to patients across European countries during the third quarter. TCT 2025 Highlights At the annual Transcatheter Cardiovascular Therapeutics (TCT) conference in San Francisco earlier this week, physicians featured compelling data on Edwards groundbreaking transcatheter therapies, including the company s SAPIEN TAVR valves, its tricuspid EVOQUE valve and its SAPIEN M3 mitral valve. Edwards commitment to high-quality evidence was demonstrated by the multiple late-breaking clinical trials as well as publications in The New England Journal of Medicine and The Lancet . Highlighted at the conference was 7-year data for the PARTNER 3 pivotal trial, which represents the most extensive clinical follow-up to date for low-risk patients. The results confirmed that rates of all-cause mortality remained low and comparable to the surgical control arm. Additionally, valve performance and durability indicators were excellent and also comparable to SAVR. The SAPIEN platform has 

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-25-000037_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q22025.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Amy Meshulam, 949-250-4009 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS SECOND QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, CA, July 24, 2025 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. Recent Highlights Q2 sales grew 11.9% to $1.53 billion, or 10.6% adjusted 1 , with strength across all product groups Q2 TAVR sales grew 8.9% constant currency 1 sales grew 7.8% Q2 TMTT sales reached $134.5 million or $133.0 million adjusted 1 , driven by PASCAL and EVOQUE Q2 EPS of $0.57 2 adjusted 1 EPS of $0.67 SAPIEN platform is only TAVR approved for asymptomatic patients in U.S. and now in Europe EuroPCR data confirm clinical and economic advantages of timely treatment for severe AS patients 10-year data from PARTNER II study confirm long-term outcomes and durability of Edwards TAVR SAPIEN M3 CE Mark approval uniquely positions Edwards with a comprehensive TMTT portfolio 2025 Outlook Increasing Edwards sales growth guidance to 9-10% from 8-10% Increasing TAVR sales guidance to 6-7% from 5-7% reiterating TMTT and Surgical sales guidance Increasing adjusted 1 EPS guidance to the high-end of $2.40 to $2.50 Expected clinical presentations 7-year PARTNER 3 low-risk, ENCIRCLE, TRISCEND II sub-analysis We are pleased to report strong second quarter results that delivered double-digit sales growth. Based on our better-than-expected first half performance and the many catalysts across our portfolio, we are confident in our full-year outlook and are raising our sales and EPS guidance, said Bernard Zovighian, CEO. Edwards is increasingly distinguished by our balanced portfolio of leading therapies across aortic, mitral and tricuspid which will position us for leadership for many years to come as we help even more patients around the world. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the second quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $1.1 billion, wh ich grew 8.9% vers us the prior year or 7.8% on a constant currency basis. Constant currency growth was comparable in the United States and outside of the U.S. On a global basis, Edwards' competitive position and pricing remained stable. TAVR growth in the quarter was better than expected, as clinicians continue to adopt Edwards best-in-class SAPIEN technology. In the U.S., the clinical conversations around the EARLY TAVR trial data are bringing a renewed focus to streamlining the management of patients with severe aortic stenosis (AS), enabling closer follow-up and more timely treatment of patients with aortic stenosis. Outside of the U.S., the company continues to focus on the value of its differentiated technology and increasing therapy adoption, especially in areas where many patients go without care. In Europe, the exit of a competitor resulted in a rebalancing of market share and a modest contribution to Edwards sales. In Japan, TAVR sales grew in the mid-single digits, an improvement over last quarter and consistent with the company s total sales growth in the region. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) Edwards unique TMTT portfolio of repair and replacement therapies to treat mitral and tricuspid diseases drove another quarter of impressive growth, with a meaningful contribution to overall company performance. Second quarter sales were $134.5 million or $133 million adjusted, representing growth of 61.9% year-over-year or 57.1% adjusted. Adoption of the company s differentiated PASCAL technology remains strong in both new and existing centers around the world. Edwards continues to see growing interest in the therapy, reinforcing the significant unmet needs of these patients. The EVOQUE system commercial launch is progressing well in the U.S. and Europe, with excellent real-world outcomes for patients consistent with the successful TRISCEND II clinical trial results. Edwards continues to see great demand for the therapy and continues to develop important evidence to support expansion globally. The company is pleased with the addition of its latest TMTT technology, the pioneering SAPIEN M3 mitral valve replacement system, which received CE Mark approval in Q2. Clinician feedback, while early, has been positive. With PASCAL, EVOQUE and the recent CE Mark of SAPIEN M3, Edwards vision for TMTT has developed into a growth portfolio of groundbreaking transcatheter repair and replacement technologies, meeting the complex needs of underserved patients with mitral and tricuspid diseases. Surgical In Surgical, second quarter sales of $267 million increased 7.7% over the prior year, or 6.8% on a constant currency basis. The company continues to see positive procedure growth globally for the many patients best treated with its premium RESILIA tissue portfolio including the INSPIRIS, MITRIS and KONECT technologies. 2 The company s KONECT aortic valved conduit received CE Mark approval in Europe during the quarter and the Surgical team made continued progress advancing important innovations around the world. Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the gross profit margin was 77.5%, in-line with the company's expectations, compared t o 79.9% i n the same period last year. This year-over-year change was driven by additional manufacturing expenses related to the expansion of new therapies as well as foreign exchange. Selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses in the second quarter were $502 million, or 32.8% of sales compared to $448 million in the same period last year. The company expects increased SG A spending in the second half of the year due to deferral of certain spending year-to-date as well as anticipated spending related to JenaValve. Research and development (R D) expense was $276 million in the quarter or 18.0% of sales, compared to $272 million or 19.8% of sales in the same period last year. This increase in spending and decrease in R D as a percentage of sales reflects Edwards' strategic prioritization of investments in its expanding structural heart portfolio. Operating profit margin in the second quarter of 26.8%, or 28.2% adjusted, benefitted from the company's better-than-expected sales performance and the deferral of certain spending to the second half of the year. Cash and cash equivalents were approximately $3 billion as of June 30, 2025. Total debt was app

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-25-000020_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q12025.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Amy Meshulam, 949-250-4009 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS FIRST QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, CA, Apr. 23, 2025 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended Mar. 31, 2025. Recent Highlights Q1 sales grew 6.2% to $1.41 billion, or 7.9% adjusted 1 Q1 TAVR sales grew 3.8% constant currency 1 sales grew 5.4%, better than expected Q1 TMTT sales grew 58% to $115 million with meaningful contribution to Edwards' growth Q1 EPS of $0.62 2 adjusted 1 EPS of $0.64 SAPIEN M3 CE Mark approval uniquely positions Edwards with a comprehensive TMTT portfolio NCD finalized for transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement, expanding patient access to EVOQUE Multiple TAVR studies presented at ACC confirm the need for urgent patient referral to Heart Team Data from Heart Valve Society meeting confirm long-term durability of Edwards RESILIA tissue 2025 Outlook Raising TMTT sales guidance range to $530 million to $550 million Reiterating TAVR and Surgical sales growth guidance Reiterating 8-10% Edwards sales growth guidance increasing sales guidance to $5.7 to $6.1 billion Reaffirming adjusted EPS of $2.40 to $2.50, including estimated JenaValve dilution and tariff impact The many milestones achieved this quarter are the result of our structural heart-focused strategy and our decades of unwavering dedication to driving breakthrough innovation in pioneering and leading categories. Collectively, these milestones mark the significant progress we have made to unlock this large and growing opportunity to transform care for millions of structural heart patients around the world, said Bernard Zovighian, CEO. We are pleased with our strong start to the year and have confidence in our 2025 outlook. Looking to the future, we will build on the many impactful catalysts for our company, which position us for distinguished growth in the years ahead. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the first quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $1.05 billion, wh ich grew 3.8% vers us the prior year, 5.4% on a constant currency basis, or 6.5% further adjusted for one less billing day. Constant currency growth was comparable in the United States ( U.S. ) and Outside of the United States ( OUS ). Edwards' strong competitive position and pricing remained stable globally, with some regional variability. In the U.S., the company s leading SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA platform continues to demonstrate strong performance. Edwards is advancing initiatives to help hospitals treat structural heart patients efficiently and manage increasing procedure volumes. The company remains encouraged by hospitals that have demonstrated the ability to scale to accommodate procedure growth. Edwards is encouraged by discussions with key clinicians on the long-term impact of the EARLY TAVR data to streamline patient care. In addition, Edwards expects asymptomatic indication approval in the second quarter. Outside of the U.S., the company continues to focus on the value of its differentiated technology and increasing therapy adoption, especially in areas where TAVR remains underutilized and many patients go without care. In the first quarter, sales growth in Europe was supported by the continued expansion of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA. In Japan, Edwards remains dedicated to addressing the significant undertreatment of aortic stenosis among the substantial elderly population in Japan. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) Edwards unique and increasingly differentiated TMTT portfolio drove another quarter of impressive growth, with a meaningful contribution to overall company performance. First quarter sales were $115 million, representing growth of 58% year-over-year, or more than 60% on a constant currency basis, led by increased adoption and balanced contribution from PASCAL and EVOQUE in the U.S., Europe and globally. PASCAL continues to demonstrate its value for patient care. Its differentiated features are driving distinguished clinical outcomes, and adoption is increasing at both new and existing sites around the world. The EVOQUE commercial launch is progressing well in the U.S. and Europe, with continuing excellent patient outcomes. The recent CE Mark approval of the SAPIEN M3 in Europe, the world s first transcatheter mitral valve replacement system, will benefit many patients with mitral regurgitation who have limited treatment options. With EVOQUE, SAPIEN M3 and PASCAL, Edwards is uniquely positioned to meet the broad and diverse needs of patients with tricuspid and mitral valve diseases. Surgical In Surgical, first quarter global sales of $251 million increased 1% over the prior year, or 3% on a constant currency basis. The company continues to see positive procedure growth globally for the many patients best treated with Edwards premium RESILIA tissue portfolio including MITRIS, INSPIRIS and KONECT. 2 Also in the first quarter, Edwards made progress advancing important innovations around the world. MITRIS launched in China with positive surgeon feedback. Additionally, the company anticipates receiving CE Mark approval for the KONECT aortic valved conduit in Europe before year-end. Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the gross profit margin was 78.7% compared t o 78.4% i n the same period last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were $466 million, or 33.0% of sales, which was better than the company s expectation for the quarter driven by lower sequential spending and deferral of certain strategic investments originally planned for Q1. Research and development expense of $255 million in the quarter was equivalent to 18.0% of sales, a reduction from 19.6% of sales in the previous quarter. This lower ratio of spending reflects the company s prioritized investments in its structural heart portfolio in areas where Edwards believes there are significant opportunities for profitable growth. Operating profit margin in the first quarter of 27.9%, or 29.1% adjusted, was driven by better-than-expected sales and favorable mix, as well as som e variable expenses delayed beyond Q1. Cash and cash equivalents were approximately $3.1 billion as of March 31, 2025. Total debt was approximately $600 million. Outlook Edwards is raising its

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-25-000003_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q42024.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Amy Hytowitz, 949-250-4009 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, CA, Feb. 11, 2025 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter and full-year ended Dec. 31, 2024. Highlights and Outlook Q4 sales grew 9% to $1.39 billion 1 , better than expected, with strength across all product groups Q4 TAVR sales grew 6% constant currency 2 sales grew 5% Q4 TMTT sales grew 88% to $105 million with increasing contribution to Edwards' growth Q4 EPS of $0.58 1 adjusted 2 EPS of $0.59, driven by strong top-line performance Presented results of two practice-changing FDA clinical trials, EARLY TAVR and TRISCEND II Reiterating 2025 constant currency sales growth of 8% - 10% adjusted EPS of $2.40 - $2.50 Continuing to expect mid-year asymptomatic TAVR indication approval in the U.S. Increasing contributions from an expanding set of structural heart therapies in 2026 and beyond It was a year of meaningful progress for Edwards in 2024, as our 16,000 employees advanced life-saving structural heart innovations for patients around the world. We exited the year in a strong position with three important growth drivers TAVR, Mitral and Tricuspid, and two emerging opportunities in Structural Heart Failure and Aortic Regurgitation, said Bernard Zovighian, Edwards CEO. In 2025, we expect to build on many catalysts across our businesses that will contribute to growth. Going forward, the investments and actions we ve taken to advance our strategy will position us for continuing strong performance. I am optimistic about the tremendous opportunities in front of us to transform structural heart patient care. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the fourth quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $1.04 billion, which grew 6% versus the prior year, or 5% on a constant currency basis. Full-year 2024 global sales of $4.1 billion increased 6% year-over-year. U.S. and OUS sales growth rates were similar. Edwards strong competitive position and pricing remained stable globally. In the U.S., the company continues to be pleased with the performance of its market-leading SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA platform. Outside of the U.S., in the fourth quarter, sales growth was supported by the continued launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA in Europe. The company is pleased with the exceptional patient outcomes delivered by this best-in-class platform and expects continued momentum with increasing adoption. The company s commitment to advancing clinical evidence and expanding indications for patients was highlighted by results from the EARLY TAVR trial, the first and largest randomized controlled trial to date studying asymptomatic severe AS patients, which were presented at the annual TCT conference in October. Edwards is confident in the potential of EARLY TAVR to transform patient care and continues to work closely with the FDA on expanding the labeled indication to include asymptomatic severe AS patients, which is expected by mid-year. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) Edwards unique portfolio of repair and replacement technologies for both Mitral and Tricuspid valves continues to deliver strong growth, with an increasing contribution to overall company performance. The PASCAL repair system, the EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system, and the forthcoming SAPIEN M3 mitral replacement system provide the broadest set of treatment options to the many patients with varying mitral and tricuspid valve disease. Fourth quarter sales were $105 million. Full year sales of $352 million increased 78% year-over-year. Sales of both PASCAL and EVOQUE contributed meaningfully to growth. PASCAL continues to demonstrate its value for patient care. Its differentiated features are driving excellent clinical outcomes, leading to increased adoption at existing centers and encouraging new centers to use the technology. The EVOQUE commercial launch continues to progress well in the U.S. and Europe. Edwards continues to invest in field-based teams with deep expertise and remains committed to its disciplined approach to launching the therapy, prioritizing excellent patient outcomes. In mitral replacement, the company continues to look forward to European approval of SAPIEN M3 by mid-year 2025. Surgical In Surgical, fourth quarter global sales from continuing operations of $244 million increased 6% over the prior year, or 5% on a constant currency basis, with healthy global adoption of Edwards premium RESILIA portfolio including MITRIS, INSPIRIS, and KONECT. Edwards continues to see 2 positive procedure growth globally for the many patients best treated surgically, including complex and concomitant procedures. Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the gross profit margin was 78.9%, or 79.0% adjusted, compared to 80.2% in the same period last year. The company continues to expect its full-year 2025 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 78% and 79%. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were $492 million, or 35.5% of sales, compared to $417 million in the prior year. This increase in spending reflects growth in TMTT field-based teams, transition expenses following the sale of Critical Care, and strategic growth acquisitions. The company plans to hold operational SG A spending approximately flat at these levels during 2025 and expects a lower SG A ratio over time. Research and development expenses grew 12% over the prior year to $271 million, or 19.6% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of a full quarter of R D spend from previously announced acquisitions that closed in 2024. The company expects to maintain R D spending at these levels during 2025, and to moderate R D as a percentage of sales over time. Operating profit margin in the fourth quarter of 22.6%, or 25.6% adjusted, was in-line with the company s expectation for the quarter. Edwards guidance for 2025 adjusted operating margins continues to be 27 to 28% with annual operating profit margin expansion thereafter, as outlined at the company s investor conference. Edwards' adjusted Earnings Per Share was $0.59, led by strong top-line performance. Cash and cash equivalents were approximately $3.0 billion as of Dec. 31, 2024. Total debt was approximat

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-24-000084_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q32024.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Amy Hytowitz, 949-250-4009 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS THIRD QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, CA, Oct. 24, 2024 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2024. Highlights and Outlook Q3 sales from continuing operations grew 9% constant currency 1 sales grew 10% Q3 TAVR sales grew 6% constant currency 1 sales grew 7% TMTT sales grew 73% PASCAL and EVOQUE commercial launches continue to progress well Q3 EPS of $5.13 adjusted 1 EPS of $0.67 Completed sale of Critical Care in Q3, resulting in significant one-time gain Pivotal TAVR and TMTT clinical evidence to be presented next week at TCT Completed enrollment in CLASP IITR trial for PASCAL tricuspid First implants in the JOURNEY pivotal trial with the Edwards J-Valve AR system Reiterated 2024 full year sales guidance ranges for total company, TAVR, TMTT and Surgical In the third quarter, we took important actions to sharpen our focus on structural heart by divesting Critical Care and investing in platforms to impact more patients and position Edwards for sustainable growth, said Bernard Zovighian, CEO. Third quarter total company sales growth from continuing operations of 10% reflected strong contributions from both TAVR and our rapidly growing TMTT product group. Results from continuing operations were slightly ahead of our guidance expectations. As we look ahead, we see expanded opportunities to meet the needs of a highly diverse group of patients suffering from aortic stenosis, aortic regurgitation, mitral and tricuspid disease, and structural heart failure. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the third quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $1.0 billion, which grew 6%. Edwards strong competitive position and pricing remained stable globally. In the U.S., Edwards year-over-year third quarter TAVR sales growth rate was in-line with the company s global TAVR constant currency growth rate. Although hospitals and physicians continue to acknowledge heart team capacity constraints nationally, it is encouraging that many hospitals are exploring additional investments to address future workflow needs to manage these patients. In Europe, the company continues its introduction of the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve and continues to be pleased with the exceptional patient outcomes. Additionally, Edwards received CE Mark approval for its Alterra system for congenital heart patients. The company believes this will result in quality-of-life improvements and a reduction in the number of procedures that these younger patients will require over their lifetimes. Next week at TCT, the clinical community will hear results from the EARLY TAVR trial. The trial is the first and largest randomized controlled trial to date studying asymptomatic severe AS patients and the impact of early intervention with TAVR. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) Edwards pipeline of unique innovations, including the PASCAL repair system, the EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system, and the SAPIEN M3 mitral replacement system, provide a broad set of treatment options. Edwards is committed to investing in and commercializing multiple breakthrough therapies for repairing and replacing mitral and tricuspid valves to serve the many patients in need. Third quarter sales were $91 million, led by the PASCAL system and the continued introduction of the EVOQUE system in the U.S. and Europe. The adoption of the differentiated PASCAL technology is expanding in both new and existing sites around the world. Two-year outcomes of the CLASP IID pivotal trial studying patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation will be presented at the TCT conference next week. Edwards also announced the completion of enrollment in the CLASP II TR trial, studying patients with tricuspid regurgitation treated with the PASCAL system randomized against optimal medical therapy alone. The EVOQUE launch continues to progress well, as the company successfully activates new sites in both the U.S. and Europe. The strong physician interest in this therapy continues to highlight the large unmet patient need. The full 400 patient cohort of the TRISCEND II pivotal study at one year is scheduled for presentation during the late-breaking clinical trial sessions at TCT next week. Surgical Structural Heart In Surgical Structural Heart, third quarter sales from continuing operations of $240 million increased 5% over the prior year on a constant currency basis. Growth was driven by strong global adoption of Edwards premium surgical technologies, specifically the INSPIRIS, MITRIS and KONECT devices. The company continues to see positive procedure growth globally for the many patients best treated surgically, including those undergoing complex procedures. 2 Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 80.7%, compared to 79.9% in the same period last year. The company expects Q4 gross margin to be in-line with the high end of its 76% to 78% full-year guidance range. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were $421 million, or 31.1% of sales, compared to $382 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by an expansion of field-based personnel to support growth of the company's transcatheter therapies, including the launch and rollout of the PASCAL and EVOQUE systems. Research and development expenses increased 4% in the third quarter to $253 million, or 18.7% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in the company's transcatheter valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. Edwards' adjusted Earnings Per Share was $0.67, slightly ahead of what the company modeled for Q3 guidance provided in July. Cash and cash equivalents was approximately $3.5 billion as of Sept. 30, 2024. Total debt was approximately $600 million. During the third quarter, the company repurchased $1.0 billion of stock through a combination of accelerated share repurchase programs and pre-established trading plans. Edwards currently has approximately $1.4 billion remaining under its current share repurchase authorization. Outlook Edwards' full year sales growth guidance of 8 to 10% remains unchanged, as does the company's guidance fo

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-24-000069_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q22024.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Amy Hytowitz, 949-250-4009 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS SECOND QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, CA, July 24, 2024 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. Highlights and Outlook Q2 sales grew 7% constant currency 1 sales grew 8% Q2 TAVR sales grew 5% constant currency 1 sales grew 6% Q2 TMTT sales grew 75% increasing contribution to Edwards' growth Q2 EPS of $0.61 adjusted 1 EPS of $0.70 Significant TAVR and TMTT clinical evidence to be presented at TCT in October 2024 Positive EVOQUE introduction with excellent patient outcomes NCD process on track Critical Care sale expected to close late Q3 2024 Expect full-year 2024 Edwards sales growth of 8 to 10% lowering TAVR guidance to 5 to 7% from 8 to 10% increasing TMTT guidance to the higher end of $320 to $340 million Second quarter total company sales growth of 8 percent reflected strong contributions from our rapidly growing TMTT product group, offset by lower-than-expected growth in TAVR, said Bernard Zovighian, CEO. Edwards is well-positioned to deliver sustainable TAVR growth in 2025 and beyond, driven by advancements in our leading SAPIEN platform, indication expansions to much larger populations of patients, and improving patient access to this important therapy. Our vision for TMTT is becoming a reality, and our strategic commitment has developed into a growth portfolio of differentiated technologies. We are confident in Edwards' strategy in structural heart supported by the broadening TAVR opportunity, accelerating contributions of our TMTT therapies, and our expanding portfolio of structural heart innovations that addresses the unmet needs of millions of patients around the world. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the second quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $1.0 billion, which grew 5%, or 6% on a constant currency basis. Edwards competitive position did not meaningfully change globally, although the company experienced some regional pressures, and pricing was maintained. Edwards remains pleased with the performance of its SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA platform, which is the leading platform in the U.S. and Japan. In the second quarter, Edwards began the introduction of the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve in Europe. The RESILIA tissue's anti-calcification technology is designed to address one of the primary causes of reintervention following heart valve replacement and provides the potential to extend the durability of the valve. Edwards is actively pursuing significant opportunities to grow TAVR globally over the long term and remains committed to advancing science for aortic stenosis patients through the PROGRESS and EARLY TAVR trials, which could fundamentally change how AS patients are treated. The company expects to release the results of the EARLY TAVR trial at TCT this year. Edwards believes if the data are compelling it could have a meaningful impact on the timing for patient treatment, while also streamlining referral and patient care for all severe AS patients. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) In the second quarter, the company reported strong growth of both repair and replacement therapies for mitral and tricuspid patients. Edwards deep structural heart expertise has enabled the company to significantly advance its portfolio of differentiated technologies, including the PASCAL repair system, EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system and the SAPIEN M3 mitral replacement system. Second quarter sales were $83 million, led by the PASCAL system and the early commercial introduction of the EVOQUE system in the U.S. and Europe. PASCAL adoption is growing, reflecting its premium differentiation and the value it brings to physicians and patients. Edwards is excited to bring this therapy to an increasing number of physicians and patients globally. Early initial adoption of the EVOQUE therapy in both the U.S. and Europe reflects strong demand for this novel solution for patients suffering from tricuspid regurgitation. Initial real-world commercial experience has demonstrated excellent clinical results consistent with those from the TRISCEND II pivotal trial. Edwards remains engaged with the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) on coverage for EVOQUE and is pleased with the recent initiation of the National Coverage Decision (NCD) process for transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement. The company believes CMS can move quickly to finalize national coverage. This is an important step toward securing consistent and timely patient access to this breakthrough innovation. Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care Surgical Structural Heart sales for the second quarter were $264 million, which grew 3%, or 5% on a constant currency basis. Growth was driven by strong global adoption of Edwards premium surgical 2 technologies, INSPIRIS, MITRIS and KONECT. The company continues to see positive procedure growth globally for the many patients best treated surgically, including those undergoing complex procedures. The company continues to expand the overall body of RESILIA tissue technology evidence and completed enrollment in the U.S. and Canada for its MOMENTIS clinical study in the second quarter, one year ahead of previous expectations. Critical Care sales, presented as discontinued operations, were $246 million for the quarter, which grew 5%, or 7% on a constant currency basis. Growth was led by pressure monitoring devices used in the ICU, with strong contribution from smart recovery technologies including the Acumen IQ sensor. Demand was also strong for Swan-Ganz catheters. The company s previously announced sale of Critical Care for $4.2 billion remains on track and is expected to close in late Q3 2024. Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 77.1%, compared to 77.7% in the same period last year. Last year's second quarter gross margin benefited from a more favorable impact from foreign exchange rates. Adjusted selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were $509 million, or 31.2% of sales, compared to $469 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by the expansion of field-based personnel in TMTT and TAVR to support the company s growth s

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-24-000037_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q12024.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Amy Hytowitz, 949-250-4009 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS FIRST QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, Calif., April 25, 2024 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. Highlights and Outlook Q1 sales grew 10% on a reported and constant currency 1 basis to $1.6 billion Q1 TAVR sales grew 6% constant currency sales grew 8% adjusted for billing days Q1 TMTT sales grew 75% Q1 EPS of $0.58 adjusted 1 EPS of $0.66 Raising 2024 sales guidance to the high end of previous 8 to 10% 1 range Raising full-year 2024 sales guidance for TMTT and Surgical confident in TAVR guidance Critical Care spin-off on track raising 2024 sales guidance Edwards is positioned to extend our leadership and deliver sustainable growth as a result of the strategic investments we have made across our transcatheter platforms to address the large and growing needs of patients impacted by aortic, mitral and tricuspid disease. We are pleased with our total company performance with first quarter sales growth of 10% as more patients were treated with our innovative therapies, said Bernard Zovighian, CEO. This encouraging start to the year supports our increased 2024 sales guidance. Looking beyond 2024, we remain confident in Edwards innovation-driven strategy, led by new indications, differentiated technologies and strategic adjacencies for addressing the significant unmet needs of structural heart disease patients. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) For the quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $1.0 billion, which grew 6%, or 8% on a constant currency basis adjusted for billing days. Performance was driven by growth in the U.S. and Japan. Edwards global competitive position and selling prices were both stable. Procedure trends increased as the quarter progressed. The company expects higher year-over-year second-half growth rates than in the first and second quarters. Edwards remains pleased with the performance of its SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA platform, which is the leading platform in the U.S. and Japan, and the company looks forward to its launch in the second quarter in Europe. Edwards is positioned for healthy and sustainable TAVR growth well into the future driven by the company s development of differentiated TAVR technologies, a deep commitment to advancing patient care through high-quality clinical evidence, and its investment in patient activation initiatives. Importantly, Edwards groundbreaking research into the treatment of aortic stenosis through its EARLY TAVR and PROGRESS trials could fundamentally change how AS patients are treated. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) In the first quarter, the company drove positive momentum around its unique and broad portfolio strategy of both repair and replacement technologies for mitral and tricuspid patients. The company made significant progress advancing important therapies, including the PASCAL repair system, EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system, and SAPIEN M3 mitral replacement system. First quarter sales were $73 million, driven by expanded adoption and new site activation of PASCAL, supported by continued double digit TEER market growth in the U.S. and Europe. In February, EVOQUE became the first transcatheter therapy to receive U.S. FDA approval for the treatment of patients with tricuspid regurgitation. With this replacement technology, the company sees the unique elimination of tricuspid regurgitation, significant quality of life improvements for patients, and favorable trends in all-cause mortality and heart failure hospitalization. Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care Surgical Structural Heart sales for the quarter were $266 million, which grew 7%, or 8% on a constant currency basis. Growth was driven by strong global adoption of Edwards premium surgical technologies, INSPIRIS, MITRIS and KONECT. The company continues to see positive procedure growth globally for the many patients best treated surgically, including those undergoing complex procedures. The company continues to expand the overall body of RESILIA technology evidence, and now expects U.S. and Canada enrollment of its MOMENTIS clinical study to be completed in the second quarter of 2024, one year ahead of previous expectations. The study will continue to open new sites in Europe and Latin America, with global enrollment continuing into 2025. Critical Care sales were $251 million for the quarter, which grew 13%, or 14% on a constant currency basis, driven by contributions from all product lines. Growth was led by Edwards' Smart 2 Recovery technologies, including the Acumen IQ sensor. Demand was also strong for the company's Swan-Ganz catheters and pressure monitoring devices used in the ICU. Preparations for the spin-off of Critical Care by year end are ongoing. Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 76.0%, compared to 77.5% in the same period last year. This year-over-year reduction was driven by a more favorable impact from foreign exchange in the prior year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were $490 million, or 30.6% of sales, compared to $436 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by investments in transcatheter field-based personnel in support of the company s growth strategy. Research and development expenses in the first quarter were $285 million, or 17.8% of sales, compared to $261 million in the prior year. The increase was driven by continued investments in transcatheter valve innovations, including clinical trial activity. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $1.7 billion as of March 31, 2024. Total debt was approximately $600 million. Adjusted free cash flow was $206 million. Outlook Overall, given the strong first quarter performance, the company now expects full-year 2024 sales growth to be at the high end of the prior guidance of 8 to 10% and $6.3 to $6.6 billion. The company remains confident in TAVR sales growth of 8 to 10% on a constant currency basis. The company now expects full-year Surgical Structural Heart sales growth of 6 to 8% and Critical Care sales growth of 8 to 10%, versus previous expectations of mid-single digit growth. Full-year TMTT sales are no

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-24-000002_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q42023.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Amy Hytowitz, 949-250-4009 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, Calif., Feb. 6, 2024 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. Highlights and Outlook Q4 sales grew 14 percent to $1.53 billion constant currency 1 sales grew 13 percent Q4 TAVR sales grew 13 percent constant currency sales grew 12 percent Q4 EPS of $0.61 adjusted 1 EPS of $0.64 2023 sales of $6.0 billion grew 12 percent EPS of $2.30 adjusted EPS of $2.51 Completed enrollment early in PROGRESS pivotal trial, studying moderate AS patients Received early FDA approval for EVOQUE ongoing European launch of EVOQUE Executed $400 million accelerated share repurchase in Q4 $867 million repurchased in 2023 Confident in 2024 guidance of 8 to 10 percent constant currency sales growth In 2023, our team made significant progress advancing transformational therapies for patients while delivering strong financial performance. Full year sales increased 12 percent, including impressive growth across each of our four product groups, said Bernard Zovighian, Edwards CEO. We exited the year with strong momentum driven by our broad portfolio of innovative therapies. In 2024, we anticipate launching multiple breakthrough technologies globally and advancing important clinical trials as we embark on a new era of structural heart innovation. These breakthroughs, along with significant unmet patient needs, give us confidence in our ability to accelerate growth in 2025 and beyond. 2023 Full Year Results Sales for the year ended December 31, 2023, were $6.0 billion, a year-over-year increase of 12 percent on both a reported and constant currency basis. Diluted earnings per share for 2023 were $2.30, while adjusted earnings per share were $2.51 . Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) For the quarter, the company reported global TAVR sales of $979 million, an increase of 13 percent versus the prior year, or 12 percent on a constant currency basis. Performance was driven by double-digit constant currency growth in the U.S., Europe and Japan. The company s competitive position was stable globally and local selling prices were also stable. In the U.S., the company remains pleased with the continued expansion and adoption of the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA platform. This technology builds on Edwards' leadership in tissue technology and durability by combining advancements in tissue science with the industry leading SAPIEN 3 Ultra valve to offer the only dry storage transcatheter heart valve for U.S. patients today. The company remains confident that the future of TAVR remains strong driven by an increased focus on patient activation, a platform that delivers lifetime management for aortic stenosis patients, advances in new technologies such as RESILIA tissue, as well as indication expansion and increased global adoption. Looking ahead, the company is pleased with the recently announced CE Mark approval for the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA platform and plans a disciplined launch in Europe. Long-term, the company continues to anticipate excellent opportunities for growth, as international adoption of TAVR therapy remains quite low. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) In the fourth quarter, Edwards remained focused on its key value drivers to unlock the significant long-term opportunity for patients a portfolio of differentiated therapies positive clinical trial results to support approvals and adoption and favorable real-world clinical outcomes. Based on the deep learnings Edwards has achieved from its clinical trial and real-world experiences, the company has carefully constructed a strategic portfolio of leading transcatheter technologies to provide both repair and replacement solutions for treating mitral and tricuspid patients. Most recently, the EVOQUE system became the first transcatheter therapy to receive U.S. FDA approval for the treatment of tricuspid regurgitation. This exciting development will give a wide range of U.S. patients access to a groundbreaking treatment option that not only has the potential to significantly improve their quality-of-life, but also shows favorable clinical trends in all-cause mortality, re-intervention, and heart failure hospitalizations. The EVOQUE system, PASCAL Precision, and SAPIEN M3 systems will provide best-in-class therapies to treat the broadest range of patients. 2 Fourth quarter TMTT sales were $56 million, driven by the accelerating adoption of the differentiated PASCAL Precision platform, activation of more centers across the U.S. and Europe, and overall growth of transcatheter edge-to-edge repair therapy. Full year global sales of $198 million increased more than 65 percent on a constant currency basis versus the prior year. Edwards is reaching an inflection point with the only portfolio of approved catheter-based mitral and tricuspid technologies. The company remains committed to bringing its differentiated portfolio of therapies to patients with these life-threatening diseases and believes this strategy positions Edwards well for leadership. Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care Surgical Structural Heart sales for the quarter were $248 million, which grew 11 percent versus the prior year, or 10 percent on a constant currency basis. The growth was lifted by strong global adoption of Edwards premium RESILIA tissue technologies and overall procedural volumes. The company continues to see positive momentum with the RESILIA tissue portfolio globally with continued adoption for patients best treated surgically, including younger patients and those needing complex and concomitant procedures. Critical Care sales were $250 million for the quarter, which grew 11 percent versus the prior year on both a reported and constant currency basis. Sales growth was driven by contributions from all product lines and major regions, led by the HemoSphere platform and Smart Recovery technology with strong adoption of Acumen IQ sensors equipped with the Hypotension Prediction Index algorithm. Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 76.8 percent, compared to 81.0 percent in the same period last year. This expected year-over-year reduction was driven

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-23-000037_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q32023.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Amy Hytowitz, 949-250-4009 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS THIRD QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, Calif., Oct. 25, 2023 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2023. Recent Highlights and Outlook Q3 sales grew 12 percent to $1.48 billion constant currency 1 sales grew 11 percent Q3 TAVR sales grew 11 percent constant currency sales grew 10 percent Q3 EPS of $0.63 adjusted 1 EPS of $0.59 Received CE Mark for EVOQUE, the first transfemoral tricuspid replacement system Received approval for PASCAL Precision system in Japan Received CE Mark for MITRIS RESILIA surgical mitral valve Completed pivotal trial enrollment for SAPIEN M3, the first transfemoral mitral replacement system Reiterated full year 2023 financial guidance of 10 to 13 percent constant currency sales growth We are pleased with our strong third quarter performance, which included multiple new therapy approvals for the treatment of patients globally and important achievements on clinical milestones, as well as another quarter of double-digit sales growth, said Bernard Zovighian, CEO. The increasing demand for our advanced technologies, coupled with the successful execution of our innovation strategy, gives us confidence in the tremendous opportunity to address unmet patient needs and drive differentiated long-term value. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) For the quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $961 million, which grew 11 percent versus the prior year, or 10 percent on a constant currency basis. The company s U.S. and OUS sales growth rates were comparable. Globally, on a constant currency basis, the company's average selling prices were stable. In the U.S., Edwards TAVR sales were in-line with overall procedure growth and driven by the continued successful launch of the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve. After more than 20 years of rigorous clinical experience and over 1 million patients treated, TAVR with SAPIEN is now a highly effective standard of care for patients suffering from aortic heart valve failure, said Larry Wood, group president of TAVR and Surgical Structural Heart. We remain focused on improving diagnosis and treatment of the many more patients who remain untreated. The combination of Edwards global TAVR leadership, along with the data presented at TCT, gives the company further confidence in the future of TAVR and the company s expectation of a $10 billion opportunity by 2028. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) Third quarter sales were $52 million, driven by accelerated adoption of the PASCAL Precision system, overall transcatheter edge-to-edge repair procedure growth and activation of more centers across Europe and the U.S. As previously announced, the company received CE Mark for the EVOQUE tricuspid valve replacement system. This groundbreaking therapy will be introduced to patients in Europe through a disciplined launch that will focus on ensuring excellent outcomes. In addition, earlier this month, Edwards received approval in Japan for the PASCAL Precision system to treat patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation. The company also completed the enrollment in the ENCIRCLE pivotal trial, studying patients treated with Edwards innovative SAPIEN M3 transfemoral mitral valve replacement therapy. Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care Surgical Structural Heart sales for the quarter were $247 million, which grew 12 percent, or 11 percent on a constant currency basis. The growth was driven by a balanced combination of strong adoption of Edwards premium RESILIA products and overall procedure growth. Critical Care sales for the quarter were $221 million, which grew 7 percent, or 6 percent on a constant currency basis. Sales growth was led by the Smart Recovery technology portfolio and strong adoption of the Acumen IQ sensor equipped with the Hypotension Prediction Index algorithm. Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 76.4 percent, compared to 81.0 percent in the same period last year. This year-over-year reduction was driven by impacts from foreign exchange. Last year, Edwards gross profit margin was lifted by an unusually positive impact from foreign exchange. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were $440 million, or 29.7 percent of sales, compared to $377 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by investments in transcatheter field-based personnel in support of the company s growth strategy and performance-based compensation. Research and development expenses in the third quarter were $270 million, or 18.3 percent of sales, compared to $234 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in the company s transcatheter valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. 2 Free cash flow for the third quarter was $356 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $411 million, less capital spending of $55 million. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $1.9 billion as of Sept. 30, 2023. During the third quarter, the company repurchased approximately $174 million of stock through a pre-established 10b5-1 program. Total debt was approximately $600 million. Outlook Edwards full-year sales guidance remains unchanged for both the total company and each product group. The company continues to expect full-year total company and TAVR sales growth to be in the 10 to 13 percent range on a constant currency basis. Ad ditionally, the company continues to expect full year 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $2.50 to $2.60. For the fourth quarter of 2023, the company projects total sales to be between $1.45 and $1.53 billion and diluted earnings per share of $0.60 and $0.66. We are confident in our focused and differentiated strategy given heart valve failure is largely underdiagnosed and undertreated for patients globally. We remain convinced in the tremendous opportunity to drive success in the future through our focus, innovation and leadership, said Zovighian. About Edwards Lifesciences Edwards Lifesciences is the global leader of patient-focused innovations for structural heart disease and critical care monitoring. We are driv

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-23-000032_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q22023.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Sarah Huoh, 949-250-5070 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS SECOND QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, Calif., July 26, 2023 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. Highlights and Outlook Q2 sales grew 11 percent to $1.53 billion constant currency 1 sales grew 12 percent All product groups achieved double digit constant currency sales growth in Q2 Q2 TAVR sales grew 9 percent constant currency sales grew 10 percent Q2 EPS of $0.50 (includes charge from previous IP agreement) adjusted 1 EPS of $0.66 Encouraging data from Edwards Benchmark Registry at the EuroPCR medical congress New 2023 constant currency sales growth guidance of 10 to 13 percent We are pleased to report strong second quarter double-digit sales growth while also making meaningful progress on our innovations to improve patient care globally, said Bernard Zovighian, CEO. This positive first-half performance and improved healthcare staffing gives us increased confidence in our full-year outlook. Looking beyond 2023, we remain confident that our foundation of innovative therapies along with a differentiated technology pipeline positions us well for continued longer-term success. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) For the quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $992 million, which grew 9 percent versus the prior year, or 10 percent on a constant currency basis. The company s U.S. and OUS sales growth rates were comparable. Globally, on a constant currency basis, the company's average selling prices were stable. In the U.S., Edwards TAVR sales were aided by improved hospital staffing levels and the continued successful launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA, which remains on track to represent the majority of the company s U.S. TAVR sales before year end. Outside the U.S., in the second quarter, Edwards had positive constant currency sales growth from all regions, although lower than expected growth in Japan. The company sees excellent opportunities for international growth as the traditionally low adoption rates improve. During the quarter, at the EuroPCR medical congress, data on the Benchmark Registry were presented on 2,400 patients treated with SAPIEN valves across 28 European centers. Patients experienced a 33 percent reduction in the median hospital length of stay while maintaining 30-day clinical outcomes. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) In the second quarter, the company continued to successfully deliver on its three key value drivers to treat even more patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid disease a portfolio of differentiated therapies, positive clinical trial results to support approvals and adoption, and favorable real-world clinical outcomes . Second quarter sales were $48 million, driven by overall transcatheter edge-to-edge repair procedure growth as well as the ongoing launch and growing adoption of the PASCAL Precision system in Europe and the U.S. The company continues to expect one-year data from the full cohort of the CLASP IID pivotal trial will be presented later this year. Edwards remains on track for European approval of the EVOQUE tricuspid valve by the end of 2023. Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care Surgical Structural Heart sales for the quarter were $256 million, which grew 12 percent, or 13 percent on a constant currency basis. The growth was driven by adoption of Edwards premium RESILIA based products across all regions. Critical Care sales for the quarter were $235 million, which grew 11 percent, or 13 percent on a constant currency basis. Sales growth was led by the Smart Recovery technology portfolio and strong adoption of the Acumen IQ sensor. Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 77.7 percent, compared to 80.5 percent in the same period last year. As expected, this year-over-year reduction was driven by a less favorable impact from foreign exchange. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were $469 million, or 30.6 percent of sales, compared to $409 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by performance-based compensation and investments in transcatheter field-based personnel in support of the company s growth strategy. Research and development expenses in the second quarter were $270 million, or 17.7 percent of sales, compared to $251 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in the company s transcatheter aortic valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. As previously announced, in April, Edwards entered into an intellectual property agreement. In consideration for the agreement, Edwards made a $300 million payment, approximately half of which has been expensed, while the other half is being amortized over the next 15 years. 2 Adjusted free cash flow for the second quarter was $286 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $34 million, less capital spending of $48 million, and excluding a $300 million payment related to the intellectual property agreement. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $1.5 billion as of June 30, 2023. Total debt was approximately $600 million. Outlook Overall, given the improving environment and strong first half performance, the company now expects full year 2023 sales to be in the $5.9 to $6.1 billion range, versus the prior guidance of the high end of $5.6 to $6.0 billion. The company now expects full-year total company and TAVR sales growth to be in the 10 to 13 percent range on a constant currency basis, versus previous guidance of 10 to 12 percent. The company now expects TAVR sales of $3.85 to $4.0 billion TMTT, $180 to $200 million and Surgical Structural Heart, $960 million to $1.02 billion. The company reiterated its full-year Critical Care guidance of $870 to $940 million. Additionally, the company is lifting its full year 2023 adjusted earnings per share guidance to $2.50 to $2.60, compared to its previous guidance range of $2.48 to $2.60. For the third quarter of 2023, the company projects total sales to be between $1.44 and $1.52 billion, and adjusted EPS of $0.55 to $0.61. The exciting developments during the first half of the year reinfor

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-23-000019_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q12023.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Sarah Huoh, 949-250-5070 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS FIRST QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, Calif., April 26, 2023 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. Highlights and Outlook Q1 sales grew 9 percent to $1.46 billion constant currency 1 sales grew 13 percent Q1 TAVR sales grew 8 percent constant currency sales grew 11 percent Q1 EPS of $0.56 adjusted 1 EPS of $0.62 Repurchased approximately $250 million of Edwards stock in Q1 Completed enrollment of the transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement pivotal trial Initiated launch of the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve in Japan late last month Raised full year 2023 sales guidance We are pleased with our start to 2023, which exceeded our expectations and reflected an improvement in healthcare staffing, along with strong execution of our patient-focused innovation strategy, said Michael A. Mussallem, Chairman and CEO. This encouraging start gives us increased confidence in our full-year outlook. We believe that 2023 will be an important year for Edwards as we expect a return to higher sales growth and pursue meaningful progress on our innovations to improve care for many more patients. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) For the quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $948 million, which grew 8 percent, or 11 percent on a constant currency basis. Globally, on a constant currency basis, the company's average selling prices and market positions were stable. In the U.S., Edwards TAVR procedures grew in the low-double digit range versus the prior year. Edwards remains enthusiastic about the early results of the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA launch in the U.S. and expects this advanced technology will represent the majority of the company s U.S. TAVR sales by the end of the year. Outside the U.S., in the first quarter, Edwards TAVR procedures grew approximately 10 percent, and the company continues to see excellent opportunities for growth given that international adoption of TAVR therapy remains quite low. With the launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA in Japan late last month, the company expects growth rates to improve in this country, where aortic stenosis remains significantly undertreated relative to other large, developed countries. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) In the first quarter, the company continued to successfully deliver on its strategy and achieve milestones in pursuit of the significant opportunity to transform care for the large number of patients with mitral and tricuspid disease . First quarter sales were $42 million, driven by overall transcatheter edge-to-edge repair procedure growth, the ongoing launch and growing adoption of the PASCAL Precision system in Europe, and the initial launch in the U.S. Clinician feedback on the PASCAL Precision system has been consistently positive, with particular emphasis on the differentiated premium features of the system. The company continues to expect one-year data from the full cohort of the CLASP IID pivotal trial will be presented later this year. During the quarter, the company completed enrollment of the TRISCEND II pivotal trial for the EVOQUE Tricuspid Valve Replacement System. Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care Surgical Structural Heart sales for the quarter were $248 million, which grew 12 percent, or 17 percent on a constant currency basis. The growth was driven by adoption of Edwards premium products across all regions. Additionally, overall strong valve surgery growth was higher than the company s expectations. Critical Care sales were $222 million for the quarter, which grew 5 percent, or 9 percent on a constant currency basis. Sales growth was led by the Smart Recovery technology portfolio and strong adoption of the Acumen IQ sensor and finger cuff featuring the company s unique Hypotension Prediction Index algorithm. Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 77.5 percent, compared to 77.8 percent in the same period last year. This year-over-year reduction was driven by a less favorable impact from foreign exchange. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were $436 million, or 29.9 percent of sales, compared to $370 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by increased investments in transcatheter field-based personnel in support of the company s growth strategy. Research and development expenses in the first quarter were $261 million, or 17.9 percent of sales, compared to $229 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by continued investments in transcatheter valve innovations, including clinical trial activity. 2 Free cash flow for the first quarter was $253 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $314 million, less capital spending of $61 million. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $1.3 billion as of March 31, 2023. Total debt was approximately $600 million. During the first quarter, the company repurchased approximately $250 million of stock through an accelerated share repurchase agreement and a pre-established 10b5-1 program. Edwards currently has approximately $650 million remaining under its current share repurchase authorization. Outlook Overall, based on the strong start to the year, the company is raising its full year sales guidance for all product groups. Full year 2023 sales are expected to grow 10 to 12 percent, compared to the previous guidance of 9 to 12 percent. For total Edwards, the company now expects full year 2023 sales to be at the high end of its $5.6 to $6.0 billion range. The company now expects TAVR sales of $3.8 to $4.0 billion TMTT, $170 to $200 million Critical Care, $870 to $940 million and Surgical Structural Heart, at the high end of its $870 to $970 million range. Additionally, the company is lifting its full year 2023 adjusted earnings per share guidance to $2.48 to $2.60, compared to its previous guidance range of $2.45 to $2.60. For the second quarter of 2023, the company projects total sales to be between $1.48 and $1.56 billion, and adjusted EPS of $0.62 to $0.68. I m pleased that the company is delivering strong results and I m excited about our future. As I approach retirement a

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-23-000003_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q42022.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Sarah Huoh, 949-250-5070 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, Calif., Jan. 31, 2023 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. Highlights and Outlook Q4 sales grew 1 percent to $1.35 billion constant currency 1 sales grew 7 percent Q4 TAVR sales were flat constant currency sales grew 5 percent Q4 EPS of $0.65 adjusted 1 EPS increased 25 percent to $0.64 2022 sales of $5.38 billion grew 3 percent constant currency sales grew 8 percent 2022 EPS of $2.44 adjusted 1 EPS increased 12 percent to $2.48 Meaningful progress on 8 pivotal trials across TAVR and TMTT Repurchased $1.7 billion of Edwards stock in 2022 Reiterated 2023 guidance of 9 to 12 percent constant currency sales growth While the challenging environment negatively impacted sales, we grew 8 percent in 2022 and our company stayed focused on the long-term, making meaningful progress on strategic milestones with the potential of transforming patient care. The healthcare environment is gradually improving, and we expect 9 to 12 percent sales growth in 2023, said Michael A. Mussallem, chairman and CEO. Edwards has continued to aggressively invest during this transient COVID environment, which positions our company for strong growth and leadership in a new era of structural heart and critical care innovation. 2022 Full Year Results Sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, were $5.38 billion, a year-over-year increase of 3 percent, or 8 percent on an underlying basis. Although initial sales expectations for 2022 anticipated a better healthcare environment, the company delivered balanced contributions across each of its product groups and regions. Diluted earnings per share for 2022 were $2.44, while adjusted earnings per share of $2.48 increased 12 percent from the year-ago period . Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) For the quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $868 million, which were flat year-over-year, or up 5 percent on an underlying basis. Globally, at constant currency, the company's average selling prices and market positions were stable. In the U.S., Edwards TAVR procedures grew in the mid-single digit range. In the fourth quarter, Edwards began the introduction of the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve in the U.S. The RESILIA tissue's anti-calcification technology is designed to address one of the primary causes of reintervention following heart valve replacement, and provides the potential to extend the durability of the valve. Outside the U.S., in the fourth quarter, Edwards' TAVR procedures also grew in the mid-single digits, and the company continues to see excellent opportunities for growth given that international adoption of TAVR therapy remains quite low. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) Edwards groundbreaking portfolio of transcatheter mitral and tricuspid technologies demonstrated promising outcomes and clinical performance in the fourth quarter. The company made meaningful progress toward transforming care for patients with mitral and tricuspid disease . Fourth quarter TMTT sales were $32 million, lifted by the continued adoption of the PASCAL platform in Europe. During the quarter the company initiated the U.S. launch of PASCAL. Edwards has now treated more than 10,000 patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid regurgitation with the PASCAL repair system. Full year global sales of $116 million increased nearly 50 percent on a constant currency basis versus the prior year. Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care Surgical Structural Heart sales for the quarter were $224 million, up 1 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, or 8 percent on an underlying basis. The growth was lifted by increased adoption of the company s premium RESILIA technologies around the world, including the recent launch of the company s MITRIS surgical mitral valve . Critical Care sales were $225 million for the quarter, representing an increase of 6 percent versus the fourth quarter of 2021, or 13 percent on an underlying basis. Sales growth was driven by contributions from all product lines and regions, led by the HemoSphere platform and Smart Recovery technologies. 2 Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 81.0 percent, compared to 76.8 percent in the same period last year. This improvement was driven by the expected positive impact from the company s FX program, which includes hedge contract gains and natural hedges that offset the negative sales impact from the weakening of the Euro and Yen against the dollar. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were $411 million, or 30.5 percent of sales, compared to $424 million in the prior year. This decrease was driven by the weakening of the Euro and Yen against the dollar, partially offset by continued investments in the ongoing build out of the U.S. TMTT commercial team and the company s high-touch model for TAVR. Research and development expenses in the fourth quarter were in-line with year-ago levels at $232 million, or 17.2 percent of sales. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $214 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $283 million, less capital spending of $69 million. Full year free cash flow was $1.0 billion. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $1.2 billion as of December 31, 2022. Total debt was approximately $600 million. During the fourth quarter, the company repurchased $750 million of stock through an accelerated share repurchase program. In total, the company repurchased $1.7 billion of stock in 2022. Edwards currently has approximately $900 million remaining under its current share repurchase authorization. Outlook Overall, the company is reaffirming the sales guidance it provided at the December investor conference for all product groups. Full year 2023 sales are expected to grow 9 to 12 percent to $5.6 to $6.0 billion. Additionally, the company continues to expect full year 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $2.45 to $2.60. For the first quarter of 2023, the company projects total sales to be between $1.37 and $1.45 billion, and adjusted EPS of $0.58 to $0.64. We expect meaningful growth and pro

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-22-000023_991.htm ===
EX-99 2 ex-991q32022.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Sarah Huoh, 949-250-5070 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS THIRD QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, Calif., October 27, 2022 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. Third Quarter Highlights and Outlook Q3 sales of $1.32 billion grew 1 percent constant currency 1 sales grew 7 percent Q3 TAVR sales grew 1 percent constant currency sales grew 6 percent Q3 EPS of $0.55 adjusted 1 EPS increased 13 percent to $0.61 Recently discontinued surgical HARPOON program resulted in a net $0.07 per share charge 2022 adjusted EPS guidance revised $2.40 to $2.50, compared to 2021 adjusted EPS of $2.22 Received U.S. FDA and CE Mark approval for PASCAL Precision Received U.S. FDA approval for SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve The third quarter strengthened our conviction in our company s patient-focused innovation strategy, said Michael A. Mussallem, chairman and CEO. Despite a challenging macro environment, our team made significant progress advancing our breakthrough technologies. Our rigorous evidence generation has resulted in new global product approvals of innovative therapies, which will enable us to reach many more patients. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the third quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $862 million, a year-over-year increase of 1 percent, or 6 percent on a constant currency basis. Sales were impacted primarily by persistent U.S. hospital staffing shortages and COVID headwinds in Japan, which intensified the typical summer seasonality. In the U.S., Edwards TAVR procedures increased in the mid-single digits versus the prior year. During the quarter, Edwards received approval to begin selling the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve in the U.S. The company s industry-leading SAPIEN 3 Ultra transcatheter aortic heart valve now incorporates Edwards' breakthrough RESILIA tissue technology. Outside the U.S., in the third quarter, Edwards constant currency TAVR sales grew in the low-double digits on a year-over-year basis. Long-term, the company sees excellent opportunities for international growth as TAVR therapy adoption remains low. Globally, the company s local average selling prices and market positions were stable. The company continues to estimate that the global TAVR opportunity will reach $10 billion by 2028, implying a low double-digit compounded annual growth rate. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) Edwards continued to make progress on three key value drivers for TMTT in the third quarter a portfolio of differentiated therapies, positive pivotal trial results to support approvals and adoption, and favorable real-world clinical outcomes. During the third quarter, the company received U.S. FDA approval for the PASCAL Precision system for the treatment of patients suffering from degenerative mitral regurgitation, as well as European regulatory approval for PASCAL Precision. The company remains very positive about its three new valve replacement therapies, which include SAPIEN M3, EVOQUE Eos and the EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system. Due to the uncertain Medical Devices Regulation process, the company now anticipates CE Mark approval for EVOQUE in late 2023. Third quarter TMTT sales were $30 million and grew sequentially despite summer seasonality. Adoption of the PASCAL system in Europe increased as the company initiated a limited introduction of PASCAL Precision. This therapy continues to have excellent outcomes for patients as the company gradually expands into more centers in Europe. Edwards anticipates that the global TMTT opportunity will reach $5 billion by 2028. The company remains committed to transforming the treatment of patients with transcatheter solutions for mitral and tricuspid valve diseases around the world. Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care Surgical Structural Heart sales for the quarter were $220 million, up 1 percent compared to the third quarter of 2021, or up 8 percent on a constant currency basis. The company experienced strong global growth driven by increased penetration of its premium RESILIA tissue products. In addition, adoption of the MITRIS surgical mitral valve, launched in the U.S. in the second quarter, now represents the majority of the company s mitral valve sales in this region. Critical Care sales were $207 million for the quarter, down 3 percent versus the third quarter of 2021, or up 3 percent on a constant currency basis. Sales growth was driven by increased adoption of Edwards broad portfolio of Smart Recovery products, including FloTrac and ClearSight sensors with its unique Hypotension Prediction Index algorithm. 2 Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 81.0 percent, compared to 76.3 percent in the same period last year. The improvement was driven by the expected positive impact from the company s FX program, which includes hedge contract gains and natural hedges that offset the negative sales impact from the weakening of the Euro and Yen against the dollar. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were $377 million, or 28.6 percent of sales, compared to $364 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to a resumption of in-person commercial activities, partially offset by the strengthening of the dollar. Research and development expenses in the third quarter declined 2 percent to $234 million, or 17.7 percent of sales. The decline reflects unusually high year-ago spending. The discontinuation of the company s HARPOON surgical mitral repair system resulted in a net $0.07 per share charge, consisting of a non-cash impairment of intangible assets, a reduction of contingent liabilities, and other related exit costs. Additional details of the charge and a reconciliation between GAAP and adjusted EPS is included with today s release. Free cash flow for the third quarter was $250 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $310 million, less capital spending of $60 million. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $1.7 billion as of September 30, 2022. Outlook The company anticipates that the U.S. hospital staffing challenge and strong U.S. dollar are likely to persist and now expects total com

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-22-000016_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex-991q22022.htm EX-99.1 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Sarah Huoh, 949-250-5070 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS SECOND QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, Calif., July 28, 2022 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. Second Quarter Highlights and Outlook Q2 sales of $1.37 billion were flat versus an elevated prior year underlying 1 sales grew 5 percent Q2 TAVR sales grew 1 percent underlying 5 percent Q2 EPS was $0.65 adjusted 1 EPS was $0.63 Lowered second half underlying sales growth outlook to approximately 10 percent Expect strong double-digit adjusted EPS growth in the second half Repurchased $355 million of stock in Q2 We continue to expect meaningful progress in 2022 on our pursuit of innovative therapies that address significant unmet patient needs. We grew sequentially in the second quarter despite persistent disruption within the healthcare system. Although hospital staffing remains uncertain, we continue to have confidence in our longer-term outlook, said Michael A. Mussallem, chairman and CEO. We remain aggressive investors in research and development and clinical research and we look forward to sharing new, groundbreaking clinical trial results later this year. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the second quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $907 million, a year-over-year increase of 1 percent, or 5 percent on an underlying basis. Sales growth was limited by ongoing U.S. hospital staffing constraints, but still represented the company s highest quarter of TAVR sales. Globally, the company's local average selling prices and market position were stable. In the U.S., Edwards TAVR sales were approximately flat with the elevated prior year, but increased in the high-single digit range sequentially. Outside the U.S., in the second quarter, Edwards' underlying TAVR sales grew in the mid-teens on a year-over-year basis. The company continues to see excellent opportunities for international expansion as TAVR adoption remains low. Edwards advanced two pivotal trials in the second quarter aiming to expand TAVR indications the EARLY TAVR trial studying the large group of patients with severe aortic stenosis (AS) and no diagnosed symptoms, and the PROGRESS trial evaluating patients with moderate AS, which represents a group that is much larger than those with severe AS. Edwards also began treating patients in the ALLIANCE pivotal trial for the company s next-generation TAVR technology, the SAPIEN X4 system. The company continues to estimate that the global TAVR opportunity will double to $10 billion by 2028, implying a low double-digit compounded annual growth rate. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) Edwards continued to progress on three key value drivers for TMTT in the second quarter a portfolio of differentiated therapies, positive pivotal trial results to support approvals and adoption, and favorable real-world clinical outcomes. Second quarter TMTT sales were $28 million driven by the continued adoption of the company s PASCAL platform in Europe. The company remains on track for US FDA approval and CE Mark MDR approval of PASCAL Precision by year-end. This next generation system is designed to facilitate precise navigation and an intuitive user experience, extending Edwards differentiated platform. The company remains on track for U.S. approval late this year of the PASCAL Precision platform for patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation. In addition, Edwards continues to pursue a late 2022 approval for the EVOQUE tricuspid valve replacement system in Europe under the new MDR process. Edwards anticipates that the global TMTT opportunity will reach $5 billion by 2028. The company remains committed to transforming the treatment of patients with mitral and tricuspid valve disease around the world. Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care Surgical Structural Heart sales for the quarter were $229 million, down 4 percent compared to the second quarter of 2021, or up 2 percent on an underlying basis. Growth was driven by increased penetration of the company s premium RESILIA products. The company experienced strong adoption of the MITRIS RESILIA mitral valve in the U.S. beginning with its launch in April. Building on the commercial success of the INSPIRIS aortic valve, the MITRIS valve offers intuitive product features as well as the benefits of the innovative RESILIA tissue technology. Critical Care sales were $211 million for the quarter, down 2 percent versus the second quarter of 2021, or up 3 percent on an underlying basis. Sales growth was driven by increased adoption of the company s Hypotension Prediction Index algorithm, and its broad portfolio of sensors. 2 Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 80.5 percent, compared to 75.9 percent in the same period last year. This improvement was driven by the higher-than-expected positive impact from the company s FX program, which includes natural hedges and hedge contract gains that offset the sales impact from the weakening of the euro and yen against the dollar. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were $409 million, or 29.8 percent of sales, compared to $374 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to a resumption of in-person commercial activities, partially offset by the weakening of the euro and yen against the dollar. Research and development expenses in the second quarter grew 11 percent to $251 million, or 18.3 percent of sales, compared to $225 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in Edwards transcatheter innovations, including eight currently enrolling pivotal clinical trials. Free cash flow for the second quarter was $289 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $332 million, less capital spending of $43 million. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $1.5 billion as of June 30, 2022. During the second quarter, shares were repurchased through a pre-established 10b5-1 program totaling $355 million. In July, the company obtained Board approval to increase the authorization under the company s share repurchase program, consistent with its long-time practice of s

=== [ER] edgar_0001099800-22-000007_991.htm ===
EX-99 2 ex-991q12022.htm EX-99 Document Edwards Lifesciences Corporation One Edwards Way Irvine, CA USA 92614 Phone 949.250.2500 www.edwards.com FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Media Contact Sarah Huoh, 949-250-5070 Investor Contact Mark Wilterding, 949-250-6826 EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES REPORTS FIRST QUARTER RESULTS IRVINE, Calif., April 26, 2022 Edwards Lifesciences (NYSE EW) today reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. First Quarter Highlights and Outlook Q1 sales grew 10 percent to $1.34 billion underlying 1 13 percent Q1 TAVR sales grew 11 percent underlying 14 percent Q1 EPS was $0.59 adjusted 1 EPS was $0.60 Full year 2022 financial guidance unchanged Surgical mitral tissue valve MITRIS RESILIA approved in the U.S. Repurchased approximately $400 million of stock in Q1 We were pleased with our first quarter results despite the pronounced impact that Omicron had on hospital capacity, resources, and procedure volumes in January. Our supply chain team delivered, and our field employees continued to support the skilled clinicians and patients who count on Edwards, said Michael A. Mussallem, chairman and CEO. First quarter sales increased 13 percent and growth was balanced across all regions. We continue to believe that 2022 will be an important year for Edwards, as we expect low double-digit sales growth and meaningful progress on our pursuit of significant opportunities to improve patient care. Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) In the first quarter, the company reported TAVR sales of $881 million, a year-over-year increase of 11 percent, or 14 percent on an underlying basis. Globally, the company's average selling price and market position were stable. U.S. TAVR sales grew approximately 10 percent and adoption was broad-based across hospitals. Outside the U.S., in the first quarter, Edwards' underlying TAVR sales grew approximately 20 percent on a year-over-year basis. The company continues to see excellent opportunities for international expansion as TAVR adoption remains low. Edwards advanced two pivotal trials in the first quarter aiming to expand TAVR indications the EARLY TAVR trial for the large group of patients with severe AS and no diagnosed symptoms, and the PROGRESS trial evaluating patients with moderate AS, which represents a group that is much larger than those with severe AS. Edwards also remains on track to begin treating patients in the second quarter in the ALLIANCE pivotal trial for the company s next generation TAVR technology, the SAPIEN X4 system. The company continues to estimate that the global TAVR opportunity will double to $10 billion by 2028, implying a low double-digit compounded annual growth rate. Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies (TMTT) Edwards continued to progress on three key value drivers in the first quarter a portfolio of differentiated therapies, positive pivotal trial results to support approvals and adoption, and favorable real world clinical outcomes. First quarter TMTT sales were $27 million driven by the continued adoption of the company s PASCAL platform in Europe. The company remains on track for U.S. approval of the PASCAL Precision platform for patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation late this year. In addition, Edwards continues to expect a late 2022 approval for the EVOQUE tricuspid valve replacement system in Europe. Edwards anticipates that the global TMTT opportunity will reach $5 billion by 2028. The company remains committed to transforming the treatment of patients with mitral and tricuspid valve disease around the world. Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care Surgical Structural Heart sales for the quarter were $221 million, up 4 percent compared to the first quarter of 2021, or 6 percent on an underlying basis. Growth was driven by increased penetration of premium technologies and procedure growth. In the first quarter, the company announced U.S. FDA approval and commercial launch of the MITRIS RESILIA valve, designed for the heart s mitral position. RESILIA tissue demonstrates potential to help patients thrive without the quality-of-life compromises that may come from having a mechanical valve. Critical Care sales were $212 million for the quarter, representing an increase of 8 percent versus the first quarter of 2021, or 11 percent on an underlying basis. Sales growth was driven by balanced contributions from all product lines, led by continued strength of the state-of-the-art HemoSphere monitoring platform. Additional Financial Results For the quarter, the adjusted gross profit margin was 77.8 percent, compared to 76.0 percent in the same period last year. As expected, this improvement was driven by the positive impact from FX, primarily the strengthening of the dollar against the Euro and Yen. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were $370 million, or 27.6 percent of sales, compared to $331 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by field-based personnel-related costs and commercial activities in support of the company s growth. 2 Research and development expenses in the first quart