=== HUM_2026-03-06.htm.gz ===
tm2518709-2_nonfiling - none - 40.8806099s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Humana Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Humana Inc. 101 East Main Street Louisville, Kentucky 40202 Dear Fellow Stockholders: We would like to invite you to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Humana Inc., to be held on Thursday, April 16, 2026, beginning at 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time in a virtual setting with live audio webcast, that will be accessible at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HUM2026 . A recording of the Annual Meeting will be available on our Investor Relations website within 48 hours after the meeting. For further information on how to participate in the meeting, please refer to the Frequently Asked Questions section within this proxy statement. This proxy statement contains information about our Company and the five proposals to be voted upon by stockholders at the meeting. Please give this information your careful attention. This year, we will once again be taking advantage of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) rules that allow us to furnish proxy materials to our stockholders on the Internet. These materials will be available on the Internet on or about March 6, 2026 to our stockholders of record as of February 27, 2026. 2025 Reflections The healthcare landscape in 2025 presented our Company and stakeholders with a rapidly evolving environment, characterized by complex challenges and opportunities for growth. Throughout the year, our Company demonstrated agility and resilience by actively listening to those we serve, adapting our strategies in response to their needs and market shifts, while also fostering innovation across our enterprise. This approach enabled us to deliver meaningful progress whether through improved member experiences, enhanced clinical outcomes, or operational efficiencies. Our commitment to transformation and customer-centricity has strengthened our foundation, ensuring that Humana is well-positioned to advance our vision of becoming a world-class, consumer-focused healthcare company. By embracing change and continuously striving for excellence, we have built momentum that will help us achieve our purpose to help our members and patients achieve their best health. Delivering on the Consumer Promise Over the past year, we made significant strides toward regaining our full earnings power and enhancing the experience for those we serve. Healthcare consumers continue to face a complex and fragmented system, and their need for a trusted partner has never been greater. We are meeting this challenge by making the path to care easier to navigate, more intuitive, and focused on high-quality outcomes. This work is central to our enterprise strategy which is simplifying the consumer experience to enable better outcomes at lower cost. To that end, key highlights from 2025 include: Strong Core Performance Our Medicare Advantage (MA) business remains the foundation of our strategy. Despite cyclical pressures in the industry, the underlying fundamentals of the program are sound. We have planned for a range of external circumstances, allowing us to prioritize consumer-centricity and unlock a stable and compelling MA margin. This approach balances benefits, clinical outcomes, member service, and disciplined operations. Clinical Excellence We closed over 660,000 additional gaps in care year-over-year and achieved significant improvement in high-weighted quality measures. Notably, our efforts have positioned us to regain sustainable, top-quartile Stars performance. We also launched new initiatives that helped 70% of incoming members complete a Health Risk Assessment before January 1, nearly double the previous year s number translating to healthier members and more stable medical costs. Service and Simplicity Guided by feedback from our members, patients, and associates, we created a more intuitive online provider directory, resulting in a 17% increase in user satisfaction and a 27% increase in visit volume. In addition, we redesigned our Individual MA plans to focus on simpler, more stable benefit packages, making it easier for members to plan their care and manage costs. Member retention in Individual MA has improved by more than 500 basis points since the previous year s Annual Election Period. Operational and Financial Discipline We improved efficiency across the enterprise through technology, automation and simplification, enabling us to meet our financial plan for 2025 and deliver full year Adjusted EPS in line with our expectations and above initial guidance. These successes provide the capacity for further investment in our Medicaid and CenterWell businesses both of which offer attractive standalone value and reinforce our core strengths. A Foundation for the Future Humana s approach is anchored in the belief that outstanding whole person care, through both our health plans and CenterWell, enables our members and patients to achieve better health outcomes. That, in turn, drives loyalty, retention, reduced medical costs, and attractive economics for the business. This virtuous cycle supports our long-term strategy. Looking ahead, our strong foundation and differentiated capabilities position us to continue unlocking Humana s full potential as a consumer healthcare company. We will remain resilient and adaptable, planning for a range of market conditions while investing in what matters most: quality, access, and member experience. We do this with a continuous commitment to not only meet regulatory standards, but to exceed them. As always, we are grateful for the trust and support of our stockholders, members, patients, and associates. Together, we are shaping a future where health is more accessible, more personal, and more sustainable for all. Kurt J. Hilzinger Chairman of the Board and Stockholder James A. Rechtin Director, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Stockholder March 6, 2026 March 6, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Time and Date: 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on Thursday, April 16, 2026 Location: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HUM2026 Agenda: 1. Elect the ten (10) director nominees named in the proxy statement. 2. Ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. 3. Non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers. 4. Approve the Humana Inc. 2026 Stock Incentive Plan. 5. Consider and vote upon the stockholder proposal set forth in this proxy statement, if properly presented at the meeting. 6. Consider any other business properly brought before the meeting. Record Date: February 27, 2026. Humana stockholders of record at the close of business on that date will be entitled to vote. Proxy Voting: Your vote is important so that as many Shares as possible will be represented. Please vote by one of the following methods: BY INTERNET BY TELEPHONE BY RETURNING YOUR PROXY CARD (if you elected to receive printed materials) BY VOTING DURING THE ANNUAL MEETING See instructions on your proxy card or at the voting site ( www.proxyvote.com ). By Order of the Board of Directors, Valerie M. Talkers Vice President, Associate General Counsel Corporate Secretary March 6, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Frequently Referenced Information Director Attributes and Qualifications 4 Board Refreshment 5 Director Independence 15 Role of the Board 18 Board Leadership 19 Management Succession and Leadership Development Planning 21 Stockholder Engagement 22 Committee Membership and Meetings 25 Corporate Governance Policies 29 Board Oversight of Environmental, Social and Governance Matters 32 Human Capital Management 33 Say-on-Pay Support 50 Peer Group 50 Stock Ownership Guidelines 60 Proxy Summary i Company Overview 1 Proposal One: Election of Directors 3 Corporate Governance 18 Humana s Impact 32 Director Compensation 38 Stock Ownership Information 41 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 44 Organization Compensation Committee Report 61 Executive Compensation 62 Certain Transactions with Management and Others 79 Audit Committee Report 80 Proposal Two: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 82 Proposal Three: Non-Binding Advisory Vote with Respect to the Compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers 83 Proposal Four: Approve the Humana Inc. 2026 Stock Incentive Plan 85 Proposal Five: Stockholder Proposal Requesting Shareholder Approval Requirement for Excessive Golden Parachutes 97 Frequently Asked Questions 101 Incorporation by Reference 108 Additional Information 108 Appendix A A-1 Appendix B B-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date: Thursday, April 16, 2026 Time: 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time Record Date: February 27, 2026 Place: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HUM2026 GENERAL INFORMATION Stock Symbol: HUM Exchange: NYSE Shares Outstanding at Record Date: 120,054,462 Corporate Address: 101 East Main Street Louisville, KY 40202 Corporate Website: www.Humana.com Investor Relations Website: https://humana.gcs-web.com/ VOTING OVERVIEW Items of Business Board Recommendation 1. Elect the ten (10) director nominees named in the proxy statement. FOR 2. Ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. FOR 3. Non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers. FOR 4. Approve the Humana Inc. 2026 Stock Incentive Plan FOR 5. Consider and vote upon the stockholder proposal set forth in this proxy statement, if properly presented at the meeting. AGAINST 6. Consider any other business properly brought before the meeting. HOW TO VOTE YOUR SHARES You may vote if you were a stockholder as of the close of business on February 27, 2026. Online www.proxyvote.com By Mail Complete, sign, date, and return your proxy card in the envelope provided. By Phone Call the phone number located on the top of your proxy card. During the Meeting Attend our virtual annual meeting and cast your vote using the webcast voting options. BOARD OF DIRECTORS NOMINEES Director Nominee Name Independent Age Gender Race/ Ethnicity First Elected Director Kurt J. Hilzinger Chairman of the Board 65 Male White 07/2003 James A. Rechtin 55 Male White 07/2024 Raquel C. Bono, M.D. 69 Female Asian 09/2020 Frank A. D Amelio 68 Male White 09/2003 David T. Feinberg, M.D. 63 Male White 03/2022 Wayne A.I. Frederick, M.D. 54 Male Black/ African American 02/2020 Karen W. Katz 69 Female White 09/2019 Marcy S. Klevorn 66 Female White 02/2021 Jorge S. Mesquita 64 Male White 02/2021 Gordon Smith 67 Male White 10/2024 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Executive Officer Name Age Gender Race/Ethnicity First Elected Officer James A. Rechtin President Chief Executive Officer 55 Male White 01/2024 Celeste M. Mellet Chief Financial Officer 49 Female White 01/2025 Susan M. Diamond Former Chief Financial Officer 52 Female White 07/2019 Japan A. Mehta Chief Information Officer 45 Male Asian 02/2025 Michelle A. O Hara Chief Human Resources Officer 50 Female Asian 01/2025 Sanjay K. Shetty, M.D President, CenterWell 52 Male Asian 04/2023 Proxy Summary 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana i TABLE OF CONTENTS Company Overview Headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, Humana Inc. (NYSE: HUM) is a leading U.S. healthcare company. Through our Humana insurance services, and our CenterWell health care services, we are fulfilling our purpose making it easier for the millions of people we serve to achieve their best health delivering the care and service they need, when they need it. Together, Humana and CenterWell provide value-based, personalized, whole-person care across primary care, home health, pharmacy, and insurance services. With a strong focus on clinical innovation, team-based care, and addressing the full range of health needs, we re improving quality of life for people we serve. We carry out our purpose across Medicare, Medicaid, families, individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 15.0 million members in our medical benefit plans, as well as approximately 4.7 million members in our specialty products. Our Strategy The core of our strategy is to simplify the consumer experience and enable better health outcomes at lower costs. This strategy is anchored in our vision to become a consumer health care company, which places deep focus on health and wellness, and acts as a full-fledged partner to our customers by making it easier for them to live healthier lives, and by simplifying their path to care when they need it. This means turning often-fragmented medical and health-related services into a unified, coordinated experience. We are committed to addressing the most important health needs of our millions of medical and specialty insurance members and health services patients. Our Insurance segment delivers products that aim to provide affordable, high-quality access to medical, dental, hearing, vision, and prescription drug care to our members. Our CenterWell segment delivers health services to customers from a variety of payors, including Humana, in what we consider the most significant areas of influence for managing chronic conditions and total cost of care. These include pharmacy solutions, primary care, and home health. Together these offerings, underpinned by leading data, analytics, clinical quality, and commercial capabilities, enable us to deliver solutions that promote wellness, advance population health, and enhance the overall healthcare experience. The central franchise of our business is Medicare Advantage. We aim to sustainably and profitably grow this business over the long-term by actively listening to our customers who consistently share that they value benefit stability and simplicity. Our product is designed to encourage value-based primary care, which promotes prevention, time with one s doctor, and better outcomes. It is also designed for easier comprehension with simplified core offerings and many standard benefits. We have an attractive diversification of insurance offerings across products (medical, dental, vision, hearing, prescription drug), and customer segments (Medicare Advantage, Medicaid, and Military). We also realize that in our complex industry effective partnership is required to meet the needs of our diverse customers. We have a proud history of partnering with multiple stakeholders, including our government partners at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS), state insurance and Medicaid administrations, distribution and channel partners, care delivery providers, technology companies, and retailers. Our CenterWell segment includes health service offerings of significant scale and scope across primary care, home health, and pharmacy solutions. These businesses serve patients from multiple health plans and Original Medicare in addition to Humana health plan members. Our integrated care is centered helping patients find the right care and staying healthy. By simplifying the patient experience, we aim to help them make better decisions about their health and about how they receive care. The collection of assets we have assembled position us to create a differentiated kind of integrated care delivery with the power to address our customers most significant needs by (i) simplifying the path to care and making care more predictable, understandable, and affordable, (ii) addressing medical, behavioral, and social needs, and (iii) delivering care whenever and wherever our customers need it. We understand that health care is complicated and navigating the system can be a confusing and daunting task. This is particularly true for vulnerable populations, which tend to over index in the markets we serve. That is one of the principal reasons why Humana continues to simplify its integrated care delivery strategy in key areas to enable a better and more seamless locally delivered health care experience for our members. We also understand we operate in an increasingly competitive environment, and as such, we are continually focused on better understanding and addressing the unmet needs that matter the most to our customers. We do this by (i) listening to our customers, (ii) establishing strong partnerships with trusted individuals who are involved in their care, such as providers and caregivers, (iii) developing technologies and other solutions that offer convenient and easy ways for them to engage with their health, and (iv) leveraging data, analytics, and digital solutions to improve how they engage and interact with us. This is why our strategy centers on a simple product, a modern customer engagement platform, and a seamless customer experience. Finally, we aim to be responsible stewards, driven by sustainable organic growth, expense discipline, and accretive M A. We also plan to continue to innovate with our government partners to advance the Medicare Advantage and Medicaid programs to deliver great outcomes for our members and patients and great value to the taxpayer. And last, and most fundamental to our Company Overview 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS strategy, is the continual focus on nurturing the culture of the Company and engagement of our associates, which powers all our efforts to deliver the best health and simplest experience possible for the members and patients we are privileged to serve. Our Values As our industry has evolved, so has our Company, and our values reflect who we are today. Our purpose to help people achieve their best health unifies us in our mission of providing simple, personalized and integrated care to all those we serve. It guides our actions as we execute on our strategy and gives us an edge in a competitive environment. When we do it well, our business thrives, our associates are engaged, and our customers experience human care. Our purpose comes alive in clear and simple values that are expressed in unique ways each day. By being caring, curious and committed, our associates reflect who we are and how we show up each day. These values drive behaviors that help our associates put health first for themselves, each other and the people they serve. Caring Curious Committed Create an environment where people feel valued, respected and are treated with kindness. Work and learn together creating the best solutions for the people we serve. To fulfill our purpose, take bold action to impact the lives of people and transform the healthcare industry. Our Performance Our 2025 performance reflected our continued efforts to navigate a complex period of change for the Medicare Advantage (MA) industry. We were pleased to deliver on our full year 2025 Adjusted EPS outperforming our initial guidance, while also making incremental investments to position the Company for long-term success. In addition, we continued to focus on the long-term advancement of our integrated health strategy, with strong growth across our Medicaid and primary care platforms, and expansion of our value-based home care models. 2025 Business and Financial Performance Results The footnotes below are referenced throughout this proxy statement. * Please refer to Appendix A to this proxy statement for a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP financial measures. We encourage each stockholder to read our full financial statements for year the ended December 31, 2025 contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2026. ** Stock repurchases includes $51 million in connection with employee stock plans. 2 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Company Overview TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal One Election of Directors The Board of Directors of the Company, in accordance with the provisions of the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, has determined that the number of directors to be elected at the Annual Meeting of the Company shall be ten (10). The directors are elected to hold office until the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2027 and until a qualified successor is elected. Each of the nominees has consented to be named as a nominee and agreed to serve if elected. If any nominee becomes unable to serve for any reason (which is not anticipated), the shares of our common stock ( Shares ) represented by the proxy granted to Messrs. Hilzinger and Rechtin may be voted for the substituted nominee as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The following table shows certain information concerning the nominees at March 1, 2026. Name Independence Age Director Since Kurt J. Hilzinger 65 2003 Executive Advisor, Former Partner, Court Square Capital Partners Former Director, President and COO at AmerisourceBergen Corporation James A. Rechtin 55 2024 President Chief Executive Officer, Humana Inc. Former President CEO at Envision Healthcare Raquel C. Bono, M.D. 69 2020 CEO Chief of Surgical Innovation, Medical iSight Principal, RCB Consulting Former CEO and Director for the Defense Health Agency (DHA) Former Chief Health Officer at Viking Cruises Frank A. D Amelio 68 2003 Former Executive Vice President, CFO at Pfizer Inc. David T. Feinberg, M.D. 63 2022 Chairman, Oracle Health Former Director, President and CEO at Cerner Corporation Wayne A. I. Frederick, M.D. 54 2020 Interim President and President Emeritus at Howard University Karen W. Katz 69 2019 Former President CEO at Neiman Marcus Group LTD LCC Marcy S. Klevorn 66 2021 Former Chief Transformation Officer at Ford Motor Company Jorge S. Mesquita 64 2021 Former CEO at Blue Triton Brands Former Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Consumer at Johnson Johnson Gordon Smith 67 2024 Former Co-President and Co-COO at JPMorgan Chase Co. Proposal One 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Attributes and Qualifications The Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee ( Committee ) regularly evaluates core attributes and substantive areas of expertise necessary for directors to ensure that our Board represents a group of individuals with diverse backgrounds, including skills, thought, perspective and experience, to oversee the Company s long-term business strategy, operations, and risks. On an annual basis, the Committee holistically assesses each director nominee, and the Board as a whole, to ensure that an appropriate balance of skills, experiences, and backgrounds are represented on our Board, including those described below. Core Director Attributes Independent under our Corporate Governance Guidelines (the Guidelines ), as well as meeting the independence requirements of, as applicable, the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ) External public company board service is limited (maximum of three for a non-CEO director; maximum of one for a CEO director in each case, not including the Company) Risk oversight ability with respect to the particular skills of the individual director Understanding of and experience with complex public companies or similar organizations Commitment to the Company and ability to devote sufficient time and effort to his or her duties as a director Ability to work collegially and collaboratively with other directors and our Enterprise Leadership Team A commitment to diverse viewpoints and perspectives Standing, reputation, integrity and commitment to ethics Director Skills and Expertise The following matrix summarizes the most significant skills, attributes and experiences represented on our diverse, knowledgeable, and experienced Board. More information about each director can be found in the section titled Director Nominee Biographies. Hilzinger Rechtin Bono D Amelio Feinberg Frederick Katz Klevorn Mesquita Smith Public Company CEO, CFO, or COO Have experience overseeing operational, financial and strategic execution through dynamic market cycles to drive value creation over the long-term and execute on our strategic objectives Financial Oversight, Capital Allocation, Corporate Transactions Provide expertise in the oversight of our financial statements, capital planning and deployment strategies to drive sustainable long-term growth and capital returns Healthcare Industry Possess deep knowledge of the U.S. healthcare system / leadership in various healthcare sectors including as a provider of healthcare products and services, core to our strategic execution in a complex and evolving industry IT/Digital; Data Privacy; Cyber Bring expertise in system modernization, digital transformation, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and oversight and advancement of our cybersecurity, IT, and data governance programs Marketing/Consumer Insights Contribute deep understanding of consumer expectations as we create seamless, differentiated experiences across our Insurance and CenterWell businesses Government Relations/Public Policy Have experience in regulated industries and those particularly impacted by government policies, providing a unique perspective on the complex regulatory environment in which we operate and legislative priorities of key stakeholders Risk Assessment Are skilled in spotting and addressing the multifaceted risks we face, including the complex legal and regulatory environment in which we operate and execution of robust compliance standards Corporate Governance (~) and Sustainability (+) Bring experience in effective oversight of our core corporate governance principles and policies, stockholder engagement practices (including CEO succession planning, executive compensation, Board evaluation and refreshment) and of our environmental, social and related-governance (ESG) strategy ~ ~ + ~ + ~ + + ~ ~ + + ~ 4 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal One TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Company and our Board actively promote and foster an inclusive culture to enable an environment where the unique characteristics, backgrounds and beliefs of our teammates can drive the groundbreaking, strategic thinking that gives our Company its competitive edge in a diverse marketplace. Our Board does not establish specific goals with respect to diversity; rather, Board diversity is a consideration in the director succession planning and nomination process. Diversity is also a factor in the overall assessment of the Board s composition and effectiveness. Under the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee Charter, the Board has further committed to include, and require any third-party search firm that it engages to include, candidates with diversity of race, ethnicity and gender in the slate of candidates considered by the Committee and/or the Board for nomination to the Board. The illustrations below depict independence, age, tenure and diversity represented in the composition of our director nominees. Board Refreshment The Committee and the Board follow a thoughtful refreshment process to ensure the Board s composition best reflects the most appropriate mix of skills and experiences to provide robust oversight of the Company and its strategic priorities. The Committee and the Board also specifically strive to maintain a balance of tenure on the Board. Longer-serving directors bring valuable experience and a deep understanding of our complex business and industry, along with a historical perspective of our long-term successes, challenges and business cycles, and how these past experiences may inform our current strategy. Newer directors are also critical to the advancement of our strategy, bringing new skills and experiences and contributing fresh perspectives. The Board has established a policy that non-employee directors must retire at the first annual meeting following his or her seventy-third birthday. To encourage director refreshment, there are no exemptions or conditions in this policy. In addition to Board refreshment, our Board maintains a regular practice of evaluation and refreshment of Committee composition, including leadership roles. Over the last three years, our Board refreshed the leadership and composition of our Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee, Organization Compensation Committee, and Technology Committee. Proposal One 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominee Biographies Kurt J. Hilzinger Chairman of the Board, Director Age 65 | Male | White Independence Committees Independent Director Since 2003 Investment Committee Skills and Expertise Public Company COO Experience Financial Oversight, Capital Allocation and Corporate Transactions Healthcare Industry Experience Government Relations/Public Policy Risk Assessment Corporate Governance Executive Advisor, Former Partner Court Square Capital Partners Former Director, President and COO AmerisourceBergen Corp. Professional Summary Kurt J. Hilzinger was initially elected to the Board in July 2003 and was elected Chairman of the Board effective January 1, 2014. Mr. Hilzinger served as Lead Director from August 2010 until his appointment as Chairman. Mr. Hilzinger is an Executive Advisor and former Partner at Court Square Capital Partners (Court Square), an independent private equity firm, having held this position since November 2007. At Court Square, Mr. Hilzinger focuses principally on investments in the healthcare industry. Prior to Court Square, Mr. Hilzinger was a Director of AmerisourceBergen Corporation from March 2004 to November 2007; having previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer of AmerisourceBergen Corporation from October 2002 to November 2007, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2001 to October 2002. As a distinguished financial executive and operator, Mr. Hilzinger led the recapitalization and initial public offering or Amerisource Health Corp. and the successful integration or Amerisource Health Corp. and Bergen Brunswig Corp. in the creation of AmerisourceBergen Corp. (now Cencora Corp.). In addition to his integration responsibilities, Mr. Hilzinger held enterprise-wide P L responsibility while overseeing the integration of 30+ acquisitions and the transformation of the business model to fee or services. Mr. Hilzinger has significant government affairs experience interacting with the FTC, the FDA, and the DEA, and while serving as Chairman of the Healthcare Distribution Alliance (HDA). Mr. Hilzinger is a thought leader in the healthcare sector, with a successful career track record of investments in pharmaceutical services and commercialization. Other Public Company Boards (1) Board Aptitude Outlook Therapeutics, Inc. The Board believes that Mr. Hilzinger s distinguished experience as a financial executive, professional healthcare investor, and operating executive contributes significantly to the Board's composition. His extensive tenure as a Partner at a leading private equity firm provides a sophisticated, shareholder-aligned perspective on capital allocation, risk oversight and disciplined investment evaluation. Mr. Hilzinger s deep financial expertise in the healthcare sector includes a track record of overseeing and leading M A/ transaction integrations, recapitalizations, and initial public offerings and provides the Board with invaluable strategic insight. 6 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal One TABLE OF CONTENTS James A. Rechtin Director Age 55 | Male | White Independence Committees Non-Independent Director Since 2024 No Committee Roles Skills and Expertise CEO Experience Financial Oversight, Capital Allocation and Corporate Transactions Healthcare Industry Experience Marketing/Consumer Insights Risk Assessment Corporate Governance President CEO Humana Inc. Former President CEO Envision Healthcare Professional Summary James (Jim) Rechtin, joined Humana in January 2024, having served as President and Chief Operating Officer until July 2024. Under his leadership, Humana operates as a leading integrated care delivery model centered on improving health outcomes, driving lower costs, enhancing quality, and providing a simple and personalized member and patient experience. Prior to joining Humana, Mr. Rechtin served as President and CEO at Envision Healthcare. He has more than 22 years of health care experience with a focus on the delivery of value-based care in various medical group settings, including a deep understanding of Medicare Advantage. Prior to joining Envision, Mr. Rechtin served as President of OptumCare, part of UnitedHealth Group. Before that, Mr. Rechtin was with DaVita Medical Group and played the dual roles of Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy and President of DaVita Medical Group s California market. Further, he is a 14-year veteran of Bain Company, highlighting his depth of experience in health care mergers and the overall health care sector. Other Public Company Boards (0) Board Aptitude The Board believes that Mr. Rechtin brings to Humana a strong combination of operational, industry, M A and CEO expertise. Mr. Rechtin s solid leadership acumen in the healthcare sector, coupled with his deep understanding of the Company s core business, offer practical perspectives to the Board. Further, his first-hand experience leading through the challenges and opportunities of a changing health care services continuum will help accelerate the Company s integrated care strategy at pace. Proposal One 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Raquel C. Bono, M.D Director Age 69 | Female | Asian Independence Committees Independent Director Since 2020 Audit Committee Clinical Quality Committee Skills and Expertise CEO Experience Financial Oversight, Capital Allocation and Corporate Transactions Healthcare Industry Experience Government Relations/Public Policy Risk Assessment Sustainability/ESG Principal RCB Consulting CEO Chief of Surgical Innovation Medical iSight Former CEO and Director Defense Health Agency (DHA) Former Chief Health Officer Viking Cruises Professional Summary Raquel C. Bono, M.D. was initially elected to the Board in September 2020. Dr. Bono is a Principal at RCB Consulting having held this position since October 2019, and serves as CEO and Chief of Surgical Innovation at Medical iSight, having held this position since 2023. Dr. Bono was formerly Chief Health Officer at Viking Cruises from November 2020 until her retirement in December 2023. Prior to Viking Cruises, Dr. Bono, a board-certified trauma surgeon and retired Vice Admiral, U.S. Navy Medical Corps, served as the Chief Executive Officer and Director for the Defense Health Agency (DHA). In this capacity, Dr. Bono led a joint, integrated combat support agency that enables all branches of the U.S. military medical services to provide health care services to combatant commands in times of both peace and war. Dr. Bono integrated an unprecedented $50 billion worldwide health care enterprise for the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, composed of 50 hospitals and 300 clinics that provide care to 9.5 million military personnel, oversaw the Department of Defense deployment of the electronic health record, and facilitated the collaboration between the largest federated health systems of the Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). An American College of Surgeons (ACS) Fellow since 1991, Dr. Bono served on the ACS Board of Governors and the Governors Health Policy and Advocacy Workgroup. She has been honored with the Defense Distinguished Service Medal, three Defense Superior Service Medals, four Legion of Merit Medals, two Meritorious Service Medals, and two Navy and Marine Corps Commendation medals. Other Public Company Boards (0) Board Aptitude The Board believes that Dr. Bono s decorated military service and distinguished and successful career in trauma surgery and healthcare administration and fiscal management bring an important perspective to Humana s Board and further contribute to its strategic composition. Dr. Bono s extensive operational expertise in overseeing large-scale health systems and discipline in managing and advancing healthcare delivery systems and multi-billion dollar enterprises will be vital as the Company continues to evolve its clinical and care delivery strategies. 8 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal One TABLE OF CONTENTS Frank A. D Amelio Director Age 68 | Male | White Independence Committees Independent Director Since 2003 Audit Committee (Chair) Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee Skills and Expertise Public Company CFO Experience Financial Oversight, Capital Allocation and Corporate Transactions Healthcare Industry Experience Government Relations/Public Policy Risk Assessment Corporate Governance Sustainability/ESG Former Executive Vice President, CFO Pfizer Inc. Professional Summary Frank A. D Amelio was initially elected to the Board in September 2003. Mr. D Amelio was formerly Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer at Pfizer Inc. having held this position from January 2022 until May 2022. Mr. D Amelio began his career at Pfizer in 2007 and since then has held various roles of increasing responsibility, including, SVP Chief Financial Officer (September 2007-December 2010), Executive Vice President, Business Operations and Chief Financial Officer (January 2011-October 2018) and Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Supply (November 2018-December 2021). Prior to Pfizer, Mr. D Amelio was Senior Executive Vice President of Integration and Chief Administrative Officer at Alcatel-Lucent from December 2006 to August 2007, and Chief Operating Officer of Lucent Technologies Inc. from February 2006 to November 2006. From May 2001 until January 2006, he was Executive Vice President, Administration and Chief Financial Officer of Lucent. Other Public Company Boards (3) Board Aptitude Zoetis, Inc. Hewlett Packard Enterprises Viatris Inc. The Board believes that Mr. D Amelio s skills, global experience and proven leadership in both financial and operational roles contribute greatly to the Board s composition. Mr. D Amelio has served as a senior executive at various global companies undergoing the kind of rapid and complex changes that the Company has undertaken in response to the rapidly changing markets and regulatory environment. His extensive knowledge of the capital markets, strategic investments and transactions and financial risk oversight experience, as well as broad experience working with the investment community, regulatory bodies and rating agencies provide unique and valuable perspective to the Board. Proposal One 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS David T. Feinberg, M.D. Director Age 63 | Male | White Independence Committees Independent Director Since 2022 Clinical Quality Committee (Chair) Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee Skills and Expertise Public Company CEO Experience Financial Oversight, Capital Allocation and Corporate Transactions Healthcare Industry Experience IT/Digital; Data Privacy; Cyber Experience Marketing/Consumer Insights Risk Assessment Corporate Governance Sustainability/ESG Chairman Oracle Health Former Director, President and CEO Cerner Corporation Professional Summary David T. Feinberg, M.D. was initially elected to the Board in March 2022. Dr. Feinberg is Chairman of Oracle Health, where he is committed to making healthcare more accessible, affordable, and equitable. His work advances thought leadership and strategy related to unleashing the healing power of data through an open and connected healthcare ecosystem. Previously, Dr. Feinberg served as President and Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors of Cerner Corporation (Cerner), which is now Oracle Health. In that role Dr. Feinberg focused on delivering tools and technology to help caregivers optimize the health of their patients and communities. Dr. Feinberg joined Cerner from Google, where he held the position of Vice President of Google Health since 2019 and led Google s worldwide health efforts, bringing together groups from across Google and Alphabet that used artificial intelligence, product expertise and hardware to tackle some of healthcare s biggest challenges, and was responsible for organizing and innovating Google s various healthcare initiatives. Prior to Google, he served as President and CEO of Geisinger Health where he led an operational turnaround, and pushed the use of new platforms and tools, including an IT system called a Unified Data Architecture that allowed the company to integrate big data into existing data analytics and management systems. During his Geisinger tenure, Dr. Feinberg also introduced programs and services to put a greater focus on precision medicine and better patient care. Prior to Geisinger, Dr. Feinberg worked at UCLA for more than 20 years and served in a number of leadership roles, including President, CEO and Associate Vice Chancellor of UCLA Health Sciences, Vice Chancellor and CEO for the UCLA Hospital System, and CEO of UCLA s Ronald Reagan Medical Center. Dr. Feinberg earned his undergraduate degree at the University of California, Berkeley. He graduated with distinction from the University of Health Sciences/Chicago Medical School. He completed an internship in pediatrics at Loyola University Medical Center, and residency and fellowship training in psychiatry, addiction psychiatry, and child and adolescent psychiatry at the UCLA School of Medicine. He earned a Master of Business Administration from Pepperdine University. Dr. Feinberg is a member of the Alpha Omega Alpha Medical Honor Society, a Distinguished Fellow of American Psychiatric Association and received the Cancro Academic Leadership Award from the American Academy of Child Adolescent Psychiatry. Other Public Company Boards (1) Board Aptitude Edwards Lifesciences Corporation The Board believes that Dr. Feinberg s experience leading large-scale healthcare organizations focused on leveraging technology and digital innovation to improve clinical care, including public and private companies, brings valuable insights to the Board and further contribute to its strategic composition. His experience leading major corporate transactions as a public company CEO, most notably overseeing the acquisition of Cerner by Oracle, provide the Board with significant transactional and capital allocation expertise. Dr. Feinberg s clinical background, patient-centric mindset, operating experience, and expertise in guiding systems transformations qualify him to offer key perspectives as the Company continues to advance the integration of its clinical systems and care models to improve the customer experience and reduce costs. 10 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal One TABLE OF CONTENTS Wayne A. I. Frederick, M.D. Director Age 54 | Male | African American/Black Independence Committees Independent Director Since 2020 Organization Compensation Committee Technology Committee Skills and Expertise Healthcare Industry Experience Government Relations/Public Policy Sustainability/ESG Interim President and President Emeritus Howard University Professional Summary Wayne A. I. Frederick, M.D. was initially elected to the Board in February 2020. He is the Interim President of Howard University, having been appointed to serve since September 1, 2025, and President Emeritus having previously served as the 17th President from July 2014-September 2023, and is the distinguished Charles R. Drew Professor of Surgery at the Howard University College of Medicine. He is also a practicing cancer surgeon at Howard University Hospital. Prior to that Dr. Frederick served as Howard University s Interim President (elected October 2013) after serving as Provost and Chief Academic Officer for more than a year. Following his post-doctoral research and surgical oncology fellowships at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Dr. Frederick began his academic career as Associate Director of the Cancer Center at the University of Connecticut. Upon his return to Howard University, his academic positions included Associate Dean in the College of Medicine, Division Chief in the Department of Surgery, Director of the Cancer Center and Deputy Provost for Health Sciences. He also earned a Master of Business Administration degree from Howard University s School of Business in 2011. Dr. Frederick is a fellow of the American College of Surgeons (ACS) and belongs to numerous surgical and medical organizations, including, the ACS Academy of Master Surgeon Educators, the American Surgical Association and the National Academy of Medicine. In addition to his public board service, Dr. Frederick also serves on the Board of Directors of Mutual of America Life Insurance Co. Other Public Company Boards (4) Board Aptitude Insulet Corporation Tempus AI, Inc. Workday, Inc. Agostini Limited The Board believes that Dr. Frederick s exemplary career as a leader in medical research, healthcare academics and business administration brings valuable insights to the Board to assist in the advancement of its strategic healthcare goals. Dr. Frederick s extensive healthcare and disease management background will be instrumental to our company s relationships with our members and our physician partners, as the Company continues to innovate in the area of health data analytics. Proposal One 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Karen W. Katz Director Age 69 | Female | White Independence Committees Independent Director Since 2019 Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee (Chair) Organization Compensation Committee Skills and Expertise Public Company CEO Experience Financial Oversight, Capital Allocation and Corporate Transactions Marketing/Consumer Insights Risk Assessment Corporate Governance Former President and CEO Neiman Marcus Group LTD Professional Summary Karen W. Katz, M.B.A. was initially elected to the Board in September 2019. She was most recently interim CEO of Intermix, LLC from June 2022 to December 2022. Prior to Intermix, Ms. Katz served as the President and CEO of Neiman Marcus Group LTD LLC from 2010 to February 2018. Under Ms. Katz s leadership, the company executed strategies focused on prioritizing the customer experience and technology integration. Neiman Marcus Group is an international multibrand omni-channel retailer whose portfolio of brands includes Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman and MyTheresa. Having joined Neiman Marcus in 1985, Ms. Katz served in key executive and leadership roles in the company s merchant, stores and eCommerce organizations as Executive Vice President Stores, a member of the Office of the Chairman of Neiman Marcus Group, and President, Neiman Marcus Online, and President and CEO, Neiman Marcus Stores. Other Public Company Boards (1) Board Aptitude The RealReal, Inc. (Chairperson) The Board believes that Ms. Katz is an extremely accomplished executive with deep experience in financial oversight and corporate transactions, derived from leading a multi-billion dollar enterprise through complex financial transactions. Beyond her demonstrated commitment to understanding, and meeting, the needs of customers by maintaining a personalized experience enabled by digital transformation, she brings a holistic approach to customer service, including acumen for employing technology to advance service delivery, combined with demonstrated success in growing business through forward thinking leadership, providing valuable perspective and expertise to the Board. 12 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal One TABLE OF CONTENTS Marcy S. Klevorn Director Age 66 | Female | White Independence Committees Independent Director Since 2021 Technology Committee (Chair) Audit Committee Skills and Expertise Financial Oversight, Capital Allocation and Corporate Transactions IT/Digital; Data Privacy; Cyber Experience Marketing/Consumer Insights Risk Assessment Corporate Governance Sustainability/ESG Former Chief Transformation Officer Ford Motor Company Professional Summary Marcy S. Klevorn was initially elected to the Board in February 2021. Ms. Klevorn was formerly the Chief Transformation Officer of Ford Motor Company from May 2019 until her retirement in October 2019. In this role, she accelerated the company s transformation by helping to refine its corporate governance systems, facilitate faster adoption of agile teams across the business and ensure process improvements across the enterprise. She also facilitated strategic partnerships with key technology partners and supported the company s diversity efforts. Having joined Ford Motor Company in 1983, Ms. Klevorn served in key executive and leadership roles within the company s information technology organization including Director of the Office of the Chief Information Officer and Group Vice President of Information Technology. Ms. Klevorn also served as Executive Vice President and President of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, a division of Ford Motor Company, where she oversaw certain acquisitions and other investments and helped to accelerate the company s plans to design, build, grow and invest in emerging mobility services and global data insight and analytics. Other Public Company Boards (2) Board Aptitude Northern Trust Corporation Cerence Inc. The Board believes that Ms. Klevorn s extensive executive experience and leadership in digital innovation, systems transformation, financial oversight and capital deployment brings valuable insights to the Board as the Company continues to enhance its technology-driven platforms for members and providers. Ms. Klevorn s deep understanding of information technology, cyber security, and systems management and infrastructure, combined with her proven ability to connect systems to strategy execution qualify her to provide key insights in the Company s consumer-focused approach to care. Proposal One 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Jorge S. Mesquita Director Age 64 | Male | White Independence Committees Independent Director Since 2021 Investment Committee Clinical Quality Committee Skills and Expertise Healthcare Industry Experience Marketing/Consumer Insights Sustainability/ESG Former Chief Executive Officer Blue Triton Brands Former Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Consumer Johnson Johnson Professional Summary Jorge S. Mesquita was initially elected to the Board in February 2021. Mr. Mesquita was formerly Chief Executive Officer of BlueTriton Brands, from July 2021 until March 2022. In this role Mr. Mesquita led the company s initiatives to expand market leadership, advance commitment to sustainability and environmental stewardship and to realize the potential of the company s portfolio of water brands. Prior to joining BlueTriton Brands, Mr. Mesquita was formerly the Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Consumer of Johnson Johnson (J J), from December 2014 until February 2019, where he was responsible for increasing competition within J J s consumer business through a comprehensive transformational strategy. In this role, Mr. Mesquita served on J J s Executive Committee and led the Consumer Group Operating Committee. Prior to that, Mr. Mesquita was employed by The Procter Gamble Company (P G), where he held various marketing and leadership positions for 29 years from 1984 to 2013. During his tenure at P G, Mr. Mesquita served as Group President New Business Creation and Innovation from March 2012 until June 2013, Group President Special Assignment from January 2012 until March 2012, Group President, Global Fabric Care from 2007 to 2011 and President, Global Home Care from 2001 to 2007, also serving as President of Commercial Products and President of P G Professional from 2006 to 2007. Other Public Company Boards (1) Board Aptitude Mondelez International, Inc. The Board believes that Mr. Mesquita s proven experience in leading business units for significant global, consumer-oriented companies provides a valuable perspective to Humana s Board and further contribute to its strategic composition. Mr. Mesquita s forward-thinking, transformational mindset and strong track record of building and marketing global brands, developing consumer insight-driven innovation capabilities, and driving strong, profitable growth will be essential as the Company continues to create seamless consumer experiences and help its members achieve their best health. 14 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal One TABLE OF CONTENTS Gordon Smith Director Age 67 | Male | White Independence Committees Independent Director Since 2024 Organization Compensation Committee (Chair) Technology Committee Skills and Expertise Public Company COO Experience Financial Oversight, Capital Allocation and Corporate Transactions IT/Digital; Data Privacy; Cyber Experience Marketing/Consumer Insights Risk Assessment Corporate Governance Former Co-President and Co-COO JPMorgan Chase Co. Professional Summary Gordon Smith was initially elected to the Board in October 2024. Mr. Smith was formerly the Co-President and Co-Chief Operating Officer of JPMorgan Chase Co. (JPMorgan), having held these positions from 2018 until retiring in January of 2022. In this role, Mr. Smith served as a member of the firm s Operating Committee and helped oversee all aspects of the company s business and operations. Mr. Smith s career at JPMorgan began in 2007 and spanned 15 years, where he previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Consumer Community Banking (2012-2021), and prior to that held various roles of increasing responsibility, including as CEO of Chase Card Services, Auto Finance and Student Lending (2011-2012), and CEO of Chase Card Services (2007-2011). Prior to his time at JPMorgan, Mr. Smith spent more than 25 years at American Express, where he led and managed several businesses, including the Global Commercial Card Business. Mr. Smith is also an operating advisor to Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC. Other Public Company Boards (2) Board Aptitude Choice Hotels International Comcast Corporation The Board believes that Mr. Smith is an extremely accomplished executive with deep experience leading complex, highly regulated financial organizations in driving better, faster and more efficient businesses for consumers. This significant operational, financial and transactional expertise provides the Board with valuable insights into capital management, the customer journey across complementary businesses, brand management, and accelerating the digital transformation of legacy businesses, deepening its strategic composition as the Company continues to grow its Medicare Advantage and CenterWell health services businesses, drive operational efficiencies, and create seamless consumer experiences. Director Independence To qualify as independent under the Guidelines and the rules of the NYSE, the Board of Directors must affirmatively determine that a director has no material relationship with the Company, other than as a director (i.e., a relationship which could interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment). In addition, any relationships between the Company or any of its affiliates and any director or entity related to a director must be below the thresholds for independence prescribed by the NYSE. Pursuant to the Guidelines, the Board undertakes an annual review of director independence, including an assessment of whether a transaction was arms-length and of fair market value. During this review, the Board considers transactions and relationships between each director or any member of his or her immediate family and the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including transactions or relationships that are reported under Certain Transactions with Management and Others in this proxy statement. As provided in the Guidelines, the purpose of this review is to determine whether any such transactions or relationships are inconsistent with a determination that a director is independent. Proposal One 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS In the course of this review for the current year, the Board specifically analyzed and discussed the following matters: (1) a relationship between the Company and Oracle Health, for which David T. Feinberg, M.D., one of our current directors, serves as an executive officer; (2) a relationship between the Company and Howard University and the Howard University Healthcare system, or Howard, for which Wayne A. I. Frederick, M.D., one of our current directors, served as interim president and Charles R. Drew Professor of Surgery during 2025; and (3) financing arrangements between the Company and companies that are affiliated with certain of our directors. Oracle Health . Oracle America, Inc., a subsidiary of Oracle Corporation, or OAI, has a license subscription contract with our subsidiary, Humana Digital Health and Analytics Platform Services, Inc., or HDH A. In 2025, OAI paid HDH A approximately $5.36 million in associated license, subscription, maintenance, and professional service fees, which are comparable to other non-affiliated customers for the provision of similar services. The Company also paid approximately $35,870 to Oracle Health for medical claims and services in 2025, which are comparable to other non-affiliated service providers for the provision of similar services. The relationships described herein are not material to the Company and do not represent a direct or indirect material interest for Dr. Feinberg. Howard University . The relationship between the Company and Howard University includes arrangements with the Howard University healthcare system in which the Company paid approximately $856,150 in medical claims during 2025. The relationship described herein did not represent a direct or indirect material interest for Dr. Frederick. Financing Arrangements . Certain of our non-employee directors are partners, shareholders and/or officers of companies that have commercial paper programs or other financing arrangements in which we participate in the ordinary course of business. Payments to or from such companies constituted less than the greater of $200,000 or 1% of each of Humana s and the recipient s annual revenue, respectively, in each of the past three years. At the conclusion of its review for the current year, the Board affirmatively determined that in each case the relationship between the Company or its affiliate and each director-related entity was not material and would not interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment. In addition, each of those relationships was below the thresholds for independence prescribed by the NYSE. Directors recused themselves from the independence assessment as the matter was relative to himself or herself. Consistent with these considerations and based on its review of director independence in light of the standards contained in the Guidelines, the Board determined that each member of the Board of Directors (except Mr. Rechtin, as a current employee of the Company) is independent. Identifying Nominees for Directors The Board has delegated an established screening process for director nominees to the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee, with counsel from our Chairman, our Chief Executive Officer, and outside consultants as appropriate. The goal of the screening process is to assemble a group of potential board members with deep, varied experience, sound judgment, and commitment to the Company s success. The Committee receives notice of potential candidates through any of the following avenues: (i) Board self-identification; (ii) third-party recommendations; and (iii) stockholder recommendations. While director nominees may be presented to the Board for consideration by the Committee through any of these methods, the Board is ultimately responsible for assessing the needs of the Board, appointing candidates to the Board, and nominating candidates for election by our stockholders at our annual meeting. Once the Committee has compiled its group of suitable candidates and conducted appropriate diligence, it then meets with the Board to review the candidates for further consideration. Board Self-Identification. The Committee regularly assesses the appropriate size of the Board, the areas of expertise required to effectively contribute to the Board process, and whether any vacancies are anticipated. It also annually assesses the director qualification criteria to ensure the Board has appropriate skill composition aimed at the Company s long-term business strategy, operations, risks, thought and perspective. As a result, the Committee may recommend to the Board a need for an additional director, Board refreshment for certain requisite skills and qualifications, and/or suggest the replacement of an existing director for other credible reasons. Third-Party Recommendations. From time to time, the Committee engages a professional third-party search firm to assist the Board of Directors and the Committee in identifying and recruiting candidates for Board membership. Stockholder Nominees. The policy of the Committee is to consider stockholder recommendations for candidates for membership on the Board as described above under Identifying Nominees for Directors. In addition, stockholders may nominate candidates 16 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal One TABLE OF CONTENTS for election to the Board of Directors in accordance with the specific provisions in our Bylaws, a copy of which is available on our website at www.humana.com . From the www.humana.com website, then click on More Humana, then click on For Investors, then click on Corporate Governance, and then click on the link titled, Bylaws. A summary of these provisions, which include customary provisions for the inclusion of candidates in our proxy statement (proxy access) is included in the Frequently Asked Questions section within this proxy statement under the caption What is the due date for stockholder nominees for director for the Company s 2027 Annual Meeting? Board of Directors Nominee Determination At the recommendation of the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee, the Board has nominated ten (10) individuals for this year s election. The Board believes that each director nominee possesses and demonstrates the character, integrity, independence, business judgment and all other requisite skills, qualifications and attributes necessary to effectively (i) act in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and (ii) exercise active and independent oversight of the Company s Enterprise Leadership Team, business affairs and assets. As a group, the director nominees create a diverse, knowledgeable and experienced Board with strong executive experience; financial expertise; knowledge and experience in healthcare; expertise in information systems; protection and digital innovation; and consumer orientation necessary to oversee the Company s business and the execution of our strategy. We believe that the current Board members have a deep commitment to the Company s success, as evidenced by the key qualifications, skills, experiences and diversity of backgrounds of each director described herein. The information given in this proxy statement concerning the nominees is based upon statements made or confirmed to the Company by or on behalf of the nominees. Vote Required and Recommendation of the Board of Directors A director nominee will be elected if the number of votes cast for the nominee exceeds the number of votes cast against the nominee. Shares not present at the Annual Meeting and Shares voting abstain or broker non-votes have no effect on the election of directors. Under the Company s Majority Vote Policy, following a director s initial election to our Board of Directors, the director is required to submit his or her irrevocable resignation to our Board of Directors, conditioned upon (i) the director not achieving the requisite stockholder vote at any future meeting at which they face re-election, and (ii) acceptance of the resignation by the Board of Directors following that election. The Board of Directors has 90 days to determine whether or not to accept the director s resignation and to report this information to our stockholders. FOR THE REASONS STATED HEREIN, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR ALL NOMINEES. Proposal One 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Humana is committed to having sound corporate governance principles and operates within a comprehensive plan of governance for the purpose of defining responsibilities, setting high standards of professional and personal conduct, and ensuring compliance with such responsibilities and standards. Sound corporate governance is essential to running our business effectively and to maintaining our reputation of integrity in the marketplace. In addition, our Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which we refer to as the Guidelines, intended to comply with the requirements of Section 303A.09 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. The Guidelines may be viewed on our website at www.humana.com . From the www.humana.com website, click on More Humana, then click on For Investors, then click on Corporate Governance subcategory and then click on the link titled Corporate Governance Guidelines. Role of the Board and Board Leadership Role of the Board The business of the Company is managed under the direction of the Board, whose members are elected annually by the Company s stockholders. The basic responsibility of the Board is to lead the Company by exercising its business judgment to act in what each director reasonably believes to be in the best interests of Humana and its stockholders, while engaging in active and independent oversight of the management of the Company s business affairs and assets. In order to fulfill its responsibilities to the Company s stockholders, the Board, both directly and through its committees, regularly engages with management to both evaluate the Company s current operations and encourage the innovations and strategic imperatives that will drive our success in the future. The Board monitors management performance through reviews of the most critical issues facing the Company, including approval of the Company s strategy and mission, execution of the Company s financial and operational goals, oversight of risk management, succession planning, and determination of executive compensation. The Board plans for the future by ensuring management focuses on innovation in our strategy to meet the speed of change in our industry and monitoring the Company s human capital management functions, working closely with the Enterprise Leadership Team to ensure the Company has the correct levels of talent in place within each business segment for continued success in present and future states of the Company. Board Oversight of Risk While management is responsible for designing and implementing the Company s risk management process, controls and oversight, the Board, both as a whole and through its committees, has overall responsibility for oversight of the Company s risk management. The full Board regularly reviews risks that may be material to the Company, including those detailed in the Audit Committee s reports and as disclosed in the Company s quarterly and annual reports filed with the SEC. While the Board has established committees designated for various oversight functions, it is common practice for committees to collaborate on overlapping issues. 18 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS Board of Directors Oversees Management of Major Risks Regulatory Public Policy Legal Succession Planning Strategic Execution Brand Reputation Investment Objectives Cybersecurity Data Governance Financial Clinical Quality Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Financial Statement integrity and reporting Legal, regulatory and compliance Internal controls Cybersecurity risk oversight, including artificial intelligence and machine learning Organization Compensation Executive and non-executive compensation policies and practices Succession planning Human capital management Nominating, Governance Sustainability Governance structure and processes Legal and policy matters Stockholder concerns Board refreshment ESG oversight Technology Information security, technology, privacy data protection Company IT strategy and consumer facing technology Emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence Investment Investment objectives and policies Investment results and performance evaluation Clinical Quality Clinical outcomes Healthcare quality Management Business units identify and manage business risks; Central functions design risk framework (setting boundaries and monitoring risk appetite); and Internal Audit provides independent assurance on design and effectiveness of internal controls and governance processes. The Company s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) governance structure consists of oversight from the Board and the Audit Committee (in collaboration with material risks overseen by other committees), and implementation through the Company s Enterprise Leadership Team utilizing a three lines of defense model to delegate responsibility for critical risk management processes across the business functions and operational areas, as well as compliance and internal audit teams. Humana s first line of defense consists of business areas and operational teams across the Company, and is responsible for identifying, assessing, mitigating, monitoring, and managing risk within their respective areas. Our ERM and Regulatory Compliance departments represent the second line of defense. The ERM department is led by Humana s Chief Financial Officer, to whom the Chief Audit and Risk Officer (CARO) reports, whereas the Regulatory Compliance department is led by Humana s Chief Legal Officer (CLO), to whom the Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) reports. Internal Audit (IA) represents the third line of defense, which provides independent and objective assurance to senior management and the Board regarding first and second line risk management functions, internal control systems, and governance processes. The Board and each Committee receive updates no less than quarterly, with the CARO and CCO updating the Audit Committee on the assessment, monitoring and mitigation of financial and non-financial risks material to the Company in the short, intermediate, and long-term, the effectiveness of the Company s control environment in preparing for, stress testing, and managing these risks within the Company s risk appetite statement, the functioning of the Company s internal controls and procedures, and the identification and analysis of key emerging risks. The goal of the Company s ERM governance is to achieve robust and thoughtful board-level attention to the Company s risk management process and system, the nature of the material risks faced by the Company, and the adequacy of the Company s risk management process and system designed to prepare for, test and monitor, respond to and mitigate these risks, each in a manner that closely aligns to the Company s risk appetite, disclosure controls and procedures. Board Leadership Leadership of the Board is essential to facilitate the Board acting effectively as a working group to the benefit of the Company and its performance. As Chairman of the Board, Kurt J. Hilzinger assumes key duties to ensure effectiveness and collaboration in all aspects of the Board s design, operations, and risk oversight function. Corporate Governance 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Duties of Our Chairman Serves as Chair of regular sessions of the Board and manages the overall Board process, including meeting design topics and agendas. Leads the Board in anticipating and responding to crises, including the ability to call special meetings for the consideration of risk oversight and other matters. Oversees and monitors Board engagement, participation, and continued education to ensure our directors are in-tune with issues of our dynamic industry and the evolving landscape. Engages with stockholders, through verbal or written communications, and presides over the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Also recommends to the Board an agenda to be followed at the Annual Meeting. Works with the Organization Compensation Committee to develop the process for CEO compensation evaluations. Provides guidance and direction to the CEO and Enterprise Leadership Team. Evaluates overall Board effectiveness, with emphasis on identifying areas of enhancement, development and/or furtherance and communicating these observances to the Board for discussion Represents the Board on occasions where it is important for the Board to respond on matters independently from the Company s Enterprise Leadership Team. Partners with and supports the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee with the director selection process, as well as director on-boarding and orientation programs. Conducts individual meetings with other directors, including the CEO, and Enterprise Leadership Team to encourage open communication, collaboration, and differences in perspective. Models culture, philosophy, inclusivity, and values expected of all directors. Our Board maintains the flexibility to choose the leadership structure that is in the best interests of our stockholders. When making this determination, the Board considers the recommendation of the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee, the current circumstances and strategic priorities at the Company, and the skills and experiences of the individuals involved, among other considerations. At this time, given the composition of the Company s Board, Mr. Hilzinger s effectiveness as our Chairman, status as an independent director and previous service as our Lead Director and the current challenges faced by the Company, the Board believes that separating the chief executive officer and board chairman positions provides the Company with the right foundation to pursue the Company s strategic and operational objectives, while maintaining effective independent oversight and objective evaluation of the performance of the Company. During a period in which the chairman and chief executive officer positions are combined, a Lead Director is appointed from our independent directors. The Lead Director sets agendas for and convenes meetings and executive sessions of the independent directors, approves Board meeting agendas, and otherwise represents the Board on occasions where it is important for the Board to respond independently from the Company s Enterprise Leadership Team. Our stockholders would be notified of a combination of the chairman and chief executive officer role promptly upon the Board s decision to do so. Board Engagement and Undertakings The Board holds itself to a high standard of engagement, with a hands-on approach that leads to critical insights regarding our customers, operations and business and enhances their level of governance and oversight. An essential component to the Board s engagement is communicating with the Company s internal and external stakeholders. To accomplish this, meetings of the Board may be held in key Company markets where, together with management, the Board will personally meet with associates, customers, providers and other stakeholders to gain direct feedback into the Company s operations, experiences and overall effectiveness. The Board also holds virtual meetings to both increase the efficiency of the Board s time and expand its reach of engagement with Company personnel and other stakeholders. Certain other engagement practices of our Board are described below. Follows an annual topical calendar used to balance strategic, operational, compliance, and cultural matters, among others, and receives detailed reports on those topics, in addition to ad hoc subjects, throughout the year. Utilizes clear and proactive Board meeting agendas to achieve high productivity at each meeting. Holds executive sessions during every meeting, with the CEO present and then with only the independent directors. Relevant feedback is then reported to the CEO and the Enterprise Leadership Team, facilitating direct communication from the Board to the Enterprise Leadership Team. 20 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS Maintains regular communication with the CEO and Enterprise Leadership Team, apart from formal Board meetings, to ensure consistent and continuous progress toward established goals. Employs Board technology tools to review Board materials and to remain informed of ongoing Company endeavors, to efficiently communicate with the Enterprise Leadership Team and to take formal action when necessary. Performs in-depth organizational structure reviews, through the Organization Compensation Committee, on culture, diversity and related matters, and engages regularly with rising leaders within the Company. The Organization Compensation Committee also regularly reviews associate engagement scores, and for 2025, 84% of associates reported they were highly engaged, representing the 74 th percentile overall of benchmark companies. Refer to the section titled Our Culture, Engagement and Approach to Work in this proxy statement for a discussion of these results. Receives continued education from external consultants on a wide range of industry topics to keep them apprised of the latest trends and anticipated future trajectories. In addition to our director s individual pursuits, Board education opportunities during 2025, included, (i) a formal education session with external consultants; (ii) guest speaker attendance during select meetings; and (iii) briefings on regulatory trends and developments. Participates in the Company s robust stockholder engagement program. 2025 Board and Committee Meetings 23 Videoconference / Teleconference 20 In-person 1 Annual Stockholder 2025 Director Attendance 100% of our incumbent director nominees elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders met NYSE attendance requirements of at least 75% Management Succession and Leadership Development Planning The Organization Compensation Committee, in collaboration with the full Board, oversees Enterprise Leadership Team succession and development planning, with a primary focus on succession planning for our CEO. This is an ongoing process as part of the Board s annual operations, designed to address planned transitions and unexpected vacancies. As part of this oversight: The Board, at least annually, conducts talent reviews for our CEO, Enterprise Leadership Team, and key senior leaders that focuses on continued development and succession readiness for each of our key leadership positions. The Organization Compensation Committee develops succession plans for the CEO and Enterprise Leadership Team in the event of death, disability, removal, or resignation. As appropriate, the Board and Organization Compensation Committee develops a timeline for CEO search and onboarding processes, identifies relevant skill sets for CEO candidates, conducts reviews of internal and external candidates, and interviews candidates. The Organization Compensation Committee performs in-depth organizational structure reviews of segments and functions within the Company to assess leadership bench strength, reporting out on these reviews to the full Board. The full Board engages regularly with rising leaders within the Company. In addition to these ongoing processes, the Board holds executive sessions with and without the CEO present to discuss CEO and Enterprise Leadership Team succession as needed. While the Organization Compensation Committee and Board regularly perform talent assessments as part of the established succession planning process, robust discussion about management succession is more frequent when there is an active succession or search underway. The Board will continue to evaluate the succession planning processes on a regular basis, and provide transparency on our approach to attracting, retaining and cultivating future generations of leadership at the Company. For more information on the role our compensation program plays in this process including properly incentivizing our Enterprise Leadership Team to progress on Humana s strategic priorities and core business drivers please refer to the Compensation Discussion and Analysis of this proxy statement. Corporate Governance 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Stockholder Engagement The Board, together with its committees and the Company s Enterprise Leadership Team, routinely interacts with our stockholders, and reviews and responds to the feedback received from them through formal stockholder engagements, stockholder voting results and routine communication during the year creating a feedback loop of transparency into our compensation and governance practices. The continuous dialogue supplements the Board s customary review of our governance and compensation programs, policies and/or practices as it considers areas for enhancement or improvement. In addition to the above interactions, the Company routinely meets with stockholders, prospective investors, and analysts throughout the year during industry conferences and other events. The Company s meeting schedule, presentations to investors and webcast replays are available via the Investor Relations section on our website. From www.humana.com , click on More Humana then click on For Investors and then click on the tab for Calendar of Events or Historical Webcasts and Presentations. 2025 Engagement Campaign We have a long-standing practice of proactive engagement with our stockholders through an annual fall campaign to facilitate open lines of dialogue and understand stockholder perspectives. Throughout this process, the Company offers participation by members of the Board and Enterprise Leadership Team. In the fall of 2025, we solicited engagements with thirty of our largest stockholders, representing approximately 63% of our outstanding Shares as of June 30, 2025, and held six engagements, representing approximately 16% of our outstanding Shares. These engagements affirmed our belief that stockholders are satisfied with our current program, practices, and ongoing communications throughout the year on matters concerning the Company generally and the Board s oversight. Key Engagement Themes The Board appreciates hearing from our stockholders to gain insight and perspective on their priority issues and believes these practices are in the best interest of our Company and our stockholders. Stockholder perspectives are a key consideration in Board and Committee dialogue and action, particularly on matters and topic areas where we have regular communication with our investors. Discussions with stockholders in 2025 covered a broad range of themes and topics, including: Industry Dynamics Board Oversight of Long-Term Strategy Strategic oversight of long-term business outlook including Star Ratings recovery and industry trends Board Composition Refreshment Board composition and director refreshment process, with a focus on collective skillsets and attributes needed to both meet the moment and anticipate future industry and technology evolutions Executive Compensation Continued direct correlation of incentive metrics with business strategy and transformation, as well as the importance of long-term pay for performance alignment Enterprise Leadership Team Succession Board s oversight of Enterprise Leadership Team (ELT) changes and approach to succession planning in consideration of (i) internal development versus external candidates and (ii) a relatively new ELT Emerging Oversight Areas Use of Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) in company operations and adequacy of disclosures The Board s oversight of the Company s AI deployment, governance and controls 22 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS Actions Taken in Areas of Stockholder Focus Our Board respects the views voiced by our stockholders and understands the importance of regular engagement as priority issues emerge and evolve over time. Feedback received during conversations with stockholders has, in some cases, led to the reaffirmation of, or enhancements to, certain of our corporate governance, ESG, and executive compensation practices. The Board, in collaboration with management, took certain actions in 2025 in key areas of investor focus, including: Board Composition Refreshment Implemented committee member rotations on the Organization Compensation Committee, Clinical Quality Committee, and Technology Committee during 2025. Executive Compensation The Organization Compensation Committee remains focused on attracting and retaining highly qualified executives and directly linking compensation to the achievement of our financial and strategic goals. The Committee delivered on its commitment to return to a 2025 performance stock unit ( PSU ) structure based on relative three-year total shareholder return ( TSR ) performance, coupled with operational and strategic metrics directly tied to financial performance. Enterprise Leadership Team Succession Executed a key leadership transition within our Insurance Segment which will continue to advance our efforts to become a worldclass, consumer healthcare company and position the Company for continued shareholder value creation. Established a President of Medicare Advantage position to support continued emphasis on delivering operational excellence across our insurance businesses. Emerging Oversight Areas Continued to provide transparent disclosure on our approach to the responsible and ethical use of AI, including enhanced discussion of our AI practices, oversight and controls within the Humana Impact Report. The Board of Directors determined it was in the best interests of all stakeholders to amend the Audit Committee and Technology Committee Charters to specifically address their joint oversight responsibilities for emerging technologies such as AI. Corporate Governance 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Evaluation Practices The Board is committed to a rigorous self-evaluation process. Through evaluation, directors annually review the performance of the Board and each committee, as well as their own individual contributions, including areas where the Board feels it functions effectively, and most importantly, areas where the Board can improve. The Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee, with participation from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, initiates the annual Board evaluation process. We believe that maintaining a review process for each individual director, each committee of the Board, and the Board as a whole helps to (i) ensure an adequate representation of requisite skills; (ii) encourage high levels of engagement from directors; and (iii) strengthen the overall effectiveness of our Board. Results of the evaluations are shared with the Chairman of the Board and the Chair of the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee and then later discussed with the entire Board in an aggregated manner, with agreed upon actions and improvements then implemented and monitored for effectiveness. Board Evaluation The Board evaluation typically consists of a written questionnaire containing qualitative scaled and open-ended questions related to the effectiveness of the Board during the prior year. The questionnaire targets specific areas of responsibility and critical attributes of the Board in order to solicit candid feedback from each director. The questionnaire also seeks practical input as to what the Board is doing well, areas in which the Board could improve and any undertakings that the Board should commence or terminate. Director Self-Evaluation The director self-evaluation requires each director to honestly reflect upon and carefully consider his or her performance based on key characteristics that are expected of all Board members. The self-evaluation also allows directors to provide additional or updated information regarding their skills and qualifications which in turn helps the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee make future assessments and determinations regarding Board composition. The Company encourages directors to participate in continuing education programs focused on the Company s business and industry, their committee roles and responsibilities, as well as legal and ethical matters. Annually, the Board will meet for purpose of furthering their education through external guest speakers to gain insights into key issues facing the industry and the Company, to supplement management s views and perspectives. Committee Evaluation Each of our Board committees engages in an annual performance evaluation and a general charter adequacy review. Each committee is responsible for determining the manner of evaluation and for carrying out the evaluation. Generally, the committee evaluations coincide with the annual Board evaluation and similarly, consist of a written questionnaire containing qualitative scaled and open-ended questions related to the effectiveness of the committee during the prior year. Further, the Board evaluation questionnaire includes a section specifically concerning Board committee structure which is an opportunity for board members to provide feedback regardless of their individual committee membership. 24 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS Committee Membership and Meetings The Board of Directors has the following standing committees: Audit; Organization Compensation; Nominating, Governance Sustainability; Technology; Investment; and Clinical Quality. Only directors meeting the applicable SEC and NYSE director independence standards and Internal Revenue Code outside director criteria may serve on the Audit Committee, the Organization Compensation Committee, and the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee. Each standing Board committee operates pursuant to a charter, which may be viewed on our website at www.humana.com . From the www.humana.com website, click on More Humana, then click on For Investors, then click on Corporate Governance, then click on the Committee Charters subcategory. The number of Board committee meetings (virtual and in-person) held in 2025 and membership as of March 1, 2026, were as follows: Director Audit Organization Compensation Nominating, Governance Sustainability Technology Investment Clinical Quality Kurt J. Hilzinger James A. Rechtin Raquel C. Bono, M.D. Frank A. D Amelio David T. Feinberg, M.D. Wayne A. I. Frederick, M.D. John W. Garratt Karen W. Katz Marcy S. Klevorn Jorge S. Mesquita Gordon Smith Number of Meetings in 2025 9 3 3 3 4 10 = Chair = Member Audit Committee Committee Responsibilities Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee: assists the Board of Directors with the oversight of the integrity of our financial statements and disclosures and internal controls, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence and the performance of our internal audit function and the independent registered public accounting firm; bears responsibility for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged to prepare the audit report or perform other audit, review or attest services; pre-approve all permitted non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm and establish policies and procedures for the independent registered public accounting firm to provide such non-audit services; Corporate Governance 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS reviews with the independent registered public accounting firm, our internal audit department, and our financial and accounting personnel, the effectiveness of our accounting and financial controls and, where appropriate, makes recommendations for the improvement of these internal control procedures; reviews the scope, funding and results of our internal audit function, including the independence and authority of our reporting obligations, the proposed audit plans for the year, and the coordination of these plans with the independent registered public accounting firm; reviews the scope, funding and results of our Enterprise Risk Management program and compliance program, including receiving, at least quarterly, updates regarding any significant matters regarding the Company s risk management and compliance with regulatory requirements and contracts with government entities, respectively; collaborates with the Technology Committee to regularly receive updates on risks, and risk mitigation measures, related to Company s information technology, internal controls, information security, cyber security, business continuity and disaster recovery programs, and emerging technologies such as artificial and augmented intelligence (AI); reviews the financial statements and other information contained in our Annual Report and other reports to stockholders with management and the independent registered public accounting firm to determine that the independent registered public accounting firm is satisfied with the disclosure and content of the financial statements to be presented to the stockholders and reviews any changes in accounting principles; confers independently with our internal auditors, Chief Audit and Risk Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and key members of management, and the independent registered public accounting firm; determines and approves the appropriateness of the fees for audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm; discusses with management our compliance with applicable legal requirements and with our internal policies regarding related party transactions and conflicts of interest; discusses our policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management; maintains free and open means of communication between the members of our Board of Directors, the independent registered public accounting firm, our internal audit department, our Chief Audit and Risk Officer, our internal compliance department, and our financial management; and annually evaluates its performance and the adequacy of its Charter. Corporate Governance Determinations The Board of Directors has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee at February 18, 2026 is independent according to SEC and NYSE requirements, and each is financially literate, as defined in the NYSE listing standards. The Board of Directors has determined further that Messrs. D Amelio and Garratt and Dr. Bono each meet the definition of audit committee financial expert. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, reports directly to the Audit Committee. No member of the Board s Audit Committee serves on the audit committees of more than three publicly traded companies. The Report of the Audit Committee for the year ended December 31, 2025, is set forth in this proxy statement under the caption Audit Committee Report. Organization Compensation Committee Committee Responsibilities Pursuant to its charter, the Organization Compensation Committee: reviews and approves our goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our CEO, evaluates the CEO s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and, either as a Committee or together with the other independent directors, determines and approves the CEO s compensation level based on this evaluation; reviews and approves all elements of compensation paid to our current or prospective executive officers, including without limitation, annual base salaries, incentive-compensation plans (including both cash- and equity-based awards and opportunities), employment, change in control or severance programs and agreements, and any special compensation or benefits, including supplemental retirement benefits and any perquisites; makes recommendations to the Board with respect to proposed changes in compensation and benefits for non-employee directors; approves equity-based grants to our executive officers and other associates; 26 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS reviews and discusses with management the Company s compensation plans and policies for all employees (including the Named Executive Officers) with respect to risk management and risk-inducing incentives; ensures preparation of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the Compensation Committee Report as required by SEC regulations and compliance with requirements to obtain stockholder approval of certain executive compensation matters and equity compensation plans; monitors compliance of executive officers and non-employee directors with relevant stock ownership guidelines, including the director stock ownership policy; reviews with management periodically, as it deems appropriate, management succession and inclusion and diversity practices; administers our stock compensation plans, Executive Management Incentive Compensation Plan and other substantially similar or successor incentive compensation plans; and annually evaluates its performance and the adequacy of its Charter. Scope of Authority, Processes and Procedures The Organization Compensation Committee acts on behalf of the Board of Directors to establish the compensation of our executive officers and provides oversight of our compensation philosophy, as described in this proxy statement under the caption Compensation Discussion and Analysis. The role of the executive officers and the outside compensation consultant in establishing executive compensation is discussed in this proxy statement under the caption Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Other than routine administrative matters and the ability of our CEO to approve grants of equity awards subject to certain individual and annual thresholds, no executive compensation decisions are delegated to management. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of the Organization Compensation Committee: (i) is or has ever been an officer or employee of the Company; or (ii) is or was, during the last fiscal year, a participant in a related person transaction requiring disclosure under Item 404 of the SEC s regulations (see discussion in this proxy statement under the caption Certain Transactions with Management and Others ); or (iii) is an executive officer of another entity at which one of our executive officers serves either as a director or on its compensation committee. Corporate Governance Determinations During 2025, Wayne A. I. Frederick, M.D. (Chair until January 1, 2026), Karen W. Katz, Brad D. Smith and Gordon Smith (Chair as of January 1, 2026) served as members of our Organization Compensation Committee. Considering (i) the source of each director s compensation, including any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fees paid by the Company; and (ii) whether each director has an affiliate relationship with the Company, a subsidiary of the Company or an affiliate of a subsidiary of the Company, the Board has determined that each member of the Organization Compensation Committee at February 18, 2026, is independent, as defined by the SEC and the NYSE, and is considered to be a non-employee director as defined by Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Compensation Risk Determination In early 2026, the Organization Compensation Committee reviewed management s assessment of the risks associated with the Company s compensation practices and policies for employees, including a consideration of the counterbalance of risk-taking incentives and risk-mitigating factors in Company practices and policies. Following a review of this assessment, the Organization Compensation Committee determined that the risks arising from the Company s compensation practices and policies are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee Committee Responsibilities Pursuant to its charter, the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee: recommends to the full Board criteria for the selection and qualification of the members of the Board; evaluates and recommends for nomination by the Board candidates to be proposed for election by the stockholders at each annual meeting; Corporate Governance 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS seeks out and assists in the recruitment of highly qualified candidates to serve on the Board; recommends for Board approval candidates to fill vacancies on the Board which occur between annual meetings; develops, periodically reviews and recommends to the Board revisions to the Guidelines; studies and reviews with management the overall effectiveness of the organization of the Board and the conduct of its business, and makes appropriate recommendations to the Board; reviews the overall relationship of the Board and management; reviews issues and developments pertaining to corporate governance; reviews our public policy and political spending practices through regular reviews of our policy on political expenditures, expenditures and payments made with corporate funds, and overall political activity, including review of our Political Contributions and Related Activity Report; reviews the Company s programs and policies relating to significant ESG and sustainability matters, and periodically receive updates from the Company s management regarding significant ESG and sustainability undertakings; and annually evaluates its performance and the adequacy of its Charter. Technology Committee Committee Responsibilities Pursuant to its charter, the Technology Committee: receives, reviews and provides feedback on the Company s annual IT strategy report which includes a summary view of the strategic technology investments, execution roadmap and IT capital plan; receives, reviews and provides feedback on the Company s Enabling Technologies Strategy which contemplates investments in technology capabilities which may be considered foundational investments that are non-specific to one or more business strategies, but create capabilities and conditions to enable business strategies; receives, reviews and provides feedback on certain High Impact Use Cases (i.e., purpose-driven applications of technology) which management considers highly representative of transformational business capabilities or consumer and provider experiences. Such use cases inform required investments in business and technology capabilities; receives, reviews and provides feedback on the Company s annual scan, assessment and report on emerging technologies and innovations deemed likely to be relevant to the Company s future competitiveness and which may represent opportunities or threats to the Company; receives, reviews and provides feedback on the Company s Competitive Analysis of the technology capabilities and investments in industry-relevant capabilities being made by Healthcare IT companies, market moving technology titans, as well as traditional and non-traditional competitors; receives, reviews and provides feedback on the Company s IT Operating Strategy, including governance models, operating model and talent assessment; and in conjunction with the Audit Committee, receives, reviews and provides feedback on the Company s ongoing assessment and plan to address IT risks including information technology (IT) internal controls, cybersecurity, business continuity and disaster recovery initiatives, and emerging technologies such as artificial and augmented intelligence (AI). Senior leadership also briefs the Technology Committee and board members on matters relating to the Company s strategic technology capabilities, including information security capabilities. Senior leadership provides briefings to the Audit Committee and Technology Committee on information technology controls and risk as least once per year, and separately updates the full Board of Directors on cybersecurity matters at least once per year. Briefings are also provided as needed in response to industry or company specific developments or material events. Investment Committee Committee Responsibilities Pursuant to its charter, the Investment Committee establishes investment objectives and policies for our various investment portfolios and investment options available under our employee benefit plans, reviews investment results, and annually evaluates its performance. 28 Humana | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance TABLE OF CONTENTS Clinical Quality Committee Committee Responsibilities Pursuant to its charter, the Clinical Quality Committee: in conjunction with the Company s management, periodically evaluates new developments and current trends with respect to patient experience and quality care that may affect companies in the healthcare industry; receives, reviews and provides feedback on the Company s efforts to integrate clinical experience and care models that: (a) positively impact member/patient health outcomes; (b) reduce the cost of care and improve health care affordability; (c) improve access to cost-effective, high-quality care; (d) address social determinants of health and reduce health disparities; and (e) improve member/patient experience and satisfaction; receives, reviews and provides feedback on the Company s clinical practices, policies and innovations, including value-based care strategies, clinical and quality trends, and strategic priorities; receives, reviews and provides feedback on the quality of the Company s healthcare services operations, including the quality of the Company s pharmacy solutions, medical clinic operations and in-home care solutions; member/patient experience; and provider-led models for the delivery of care; and annually evaluates its performance and the adequacy of its Charter. Corporate Governance Policies Majority Vote Policy for Director Elections Under our Bylaws, a director nominee will be elected if the number of votes cast for the nominee exceeds the number of votes cast against the nominee. In contested elections, those in which a stockholder has nominated a person for election to the Board, the voting standard is a plurality of votes cast. The Board has also adopted a policy to require the Board to nominate for election only nominees who agree that, if they are elected to the Board, they will tender an irrevocable resignation conditioned on, first, the failure to achieve the required vote for re-election at any future meeting at which they face re-election, and second, the Board s acceptance of their resignation following that election. In addition, the Board may fill director vacancies and new directorships only with candidates who agree to tender, promptly following their appointment to the Board, the same form of resignation tendered by other directors, as described above. The Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee will submit a recommendation for prompt consideration by the Board whether to accept the resignation. Any director whose resignation is under consideration will abstain from participating in any decision regarding that resignation. The Bylaws also require stockholder nominees for director election to notify the Company whether or not such nominees intend to tender the same type of resignation required of the Board s director nominees. Change in Director s Primary Position The Board has adopted a policy requiring that a director whose primary position or affiliation changes must promptly notify the Board and the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee of the change so that a determination may be made as to the value of his or her continued service on the Board. Additional Public Company Board Service As part of its commitment to ensuring that each of our directors have the capacity to devote sufficient time and effort to his or her duties as a director, the Board has adopted a policy under which (a) a director (other than a director who is the chief executive officer of a public company) may not be a director on more than four (4) public company boards (including the Company), and (b) a Director who is the chief executive officer of a public company may not be a member of more than two (2) public company boards (including the Company). Director Stock Ownership Policy Our Board believes that directors should be stockholders and have a significant personal financial stake in the Company. Consequently, the Board has adopted the following stock ownership guidelines for non-employee directors: Each non-employee director must maintain a minimum equity ownership level of five times the annual cash retainer. Shares deferred at the election of the director are considered owned for purposes of the calculation of the ownership requirement. Corporate Governance 2026 Proxy Statement | Humana 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Any Shares owned by a non-employee director (or Shares received upon the exercise of options or vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock units, less an amount to cover the exercise price and/or current tax liabilities) must be held by the director until the minimum equity ownership level is reached and thereafter maintained. Once the minimum equity ownership level has been achieved, any Shares received upon the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock units, less an amount to cover current tax liabilities, must be held by the director until one year following the vesting date. Compliance with these guidelines is monitored by the Organization Compensation Committee. Director Attendance The Board has developed a number of specific expectations of directors to define their responsibilities and to promote the efficient conduct of the Board s business. With respect to the level of commitment expected of directors and related attendance protocols, as part of the Guidelines, the Board formally adopted a policy that all directors should make every effort to attend all meetings of the Board and the Committees of which they are members, and the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Attendance by telephone or video conference may be used to facilitate a Director s attendance. During 2025, apart from Committee meetings, the Board of Directors met 11 times. All incumbent director nominees elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders attended at least 75% of the scheduled meetings of the Board of Directors and meetings held by Committees of which they were members. Further, all director nominees serving as directors at that time attended the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 17, 2025. Executive Sessions of Non-Management Directors In 2025, our non-management directors held regularly scheduled, formal executive meetings, separate from management and were led by our Chairman. Additional executive sessions of the Board are held as necessary or appropriate or upon the request of the Chairman, the Nominating, Governance Sustainability Committee or any two other non-management directors. In addition, our non-management directors who qualify as independent within the meaning of our director independence guidelines meet together in executive session at least once annually; during 2025 they met in connection with each regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting. Code of Ethics and Code of Business Conduct The Company has adopted the Code of Conduct for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, which we refer to as the Executive Code of Ethics, violations of which are reported to the Audit Committee. In addition, we operate under the omnibus Humana Inc. Ethics Every Day, which we refer to as the Code of Ethics, which applies to all associates (including executive officers) and directors. The Humana Ethics Office is responsible for the design and enforcement of our ethics policies, the goal of which is to create a workplace climate in which ethics is so integral to day-to-day operations that ethical behavior is self-enforcing. All employees are required annually to review and affirm in writing their acceptance of the Code of Ethics. The Code of Ethics and the Executive Code of Ethics may be viewed on our website at www.humana.com . Any waiver for directors or executive officers from the provisions of the Code of Ethics or the Executive Code of Ethics must be made by the Board of Directors and will be disclosed within four days of the waiver on our website at www.humana.com . To see either the Code of Ethics or the Executive Code of Ethics or any waivers to either policy, go to www.humana.com , then click on More Humana, then click on For Investors, then click on Corporate Governance, and then click on the relevant link. Policy Regarding Employee, Officer and Director Hedging The Company has a policy prohibiting all associates (including executive officers and independent directors) from hedging or pledging transactions using Company stock, including: (1) engaging in short sales of Company securities; (2) engaging in transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of the Company s equity securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market; or (3) engaging in certain monetization transactions, including holding Company securities in margin accounts or pledging Company securities as collateral. Advocacy and Public Policy With a focus on improving clinical outcomes and advancing affordability and access, our Company s approach to advocacy and public policy is built around people (that is, the members, patients, providers, and communities we serve). To that end, our day to day efforts are centered around supporting policies that strengthen Medicare Advantage, accelerate value-b