=== HUM_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Relating to Our Business If we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if the premiums we charge are insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our members, if we are unable to implement clinical initiatives to provide a better health care experience for our members, lower costs and appropriately document the risk profile of our members, or if our estimates of benefits expense are inadequate, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. We estimate the costs of our benefits expense payments, and design and price our products accordingly, using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon, among other relevant factors, claim payment patterns, medical cost inflation, and historical developments such as claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns. These estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability because they are extremely sensitive to changes in claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. Accordingly, our reserves may be insufficient. We use a substantial portion of our revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to our members, including claims payments, capitation payments to providers (predetermined amounts paid to cover services), estimates of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care provided to our members, and various other costs. Generally, premiums in the health care business are fixed for one-year periods. Accordingly, costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. We estimate the costs of our future benefit claims and other expenses using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon claim payment patterns, medical inflation, historical developments, including claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns, and other relevant factors. We also record benefits payable for future payments. We continually review estimates of future payments relating to benefit claims costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and make necessary adjustments to our reserves, including premium deficiency reserves where appropriate. However, these estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability that is sensitive to claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. Many factors may and often do cause actual health care costs to exceed what was estimated and used to set our premiums. These factors may include: • increased use of medical facilities and services, and the increased cost of such services; • increased use or cost of prescription drugs, including specialty prescription drugs; • the introduction of new or costly treatments, prescription drugs, or new technologies; • our membership mix; • variances in actual versus estimated levels of cost associated with new products, benefits or lines of business, product changes or benefit level changes; • changes in the demographic characteristics of an account or market; • changes or reductions of our utilization management functions such as preauthorization of services, concurrent review or requirements for physician referrals; • changes in our purchase discounts or rebates received from manufacturers and wholesalers; • pharmacy volume rebates received from drug manufacturers, which in Medicare Part D are fully reported to CMS and factored into member premium pricing and CMS reimbursement to the plan; • catastrophes, including acts of terrorism, public health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics (such as COVID-19), or natural disasters (such as hurricanes and earthquakes) which could occur more frequently or with more intense effects as a result of the impact of global climate change; • medical cost inflation; and • government mandated benefits, member eligibility criteria, or other legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes. Key to our operational strategy is the implementation of clinical initiatives that we believe provide a better health care experience for our members, lower the cost of healthcare services delivered to our members, and appropriately document the risk profile of our members. Our profitability and competitiveness depend in large part 20 on our ability to appropriately manage health care costs through, among other things, the application of medical management programs such as our chronic care management program. While we proactively attempt to effectively manage our operating expenses, increases or decreases in staff-related expenses, any costs associated with exiting products, additional investment in new products (including our opportunities in the Medicare programs, state-based contracts, and expansion of clinical capabilities as part of our integrated care delivery model), investments in health and well-being product offerings, acquisitions, new taxes and assessments, inflation, and implementation of regulatory requirements may increase our operating expenses. Failure to adequately price our products or estimate sufficient benefits payable or effectively manage our operating expenses, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We are in a highly competitive industry. Some of our competitors are more established in the health care industry in terms of a larger market share and have greater financial resources than we do in some markets. In addition, other companies may enter our markets in the future, including emerging competitors in the Medicare or Medicaid programs or in the delivery of health care services. We believe that barriers to entry in our markets are not substantial, so the addition of new competitors can occur relatively easily, and customers enjoy significant flexibility in moving between competitors through the Medicare Annual Enrollment Period. While health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service and the quality and depth of provider networks, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. In addition to the challenge of controlling health care costs, we face intense competitive pressure to contain premium prices. Factors such as business consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative and regulatory reform, and marketing practices create pressure to contain premium price increases, despite being faced with increasing medical and administrative costs. The policies and decisions of the federal and state governments regarding the Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Plans, military services and Medicaid programs in which we participate have a substantial impact on our profitability. These governmental policies and decisions, which we cannot predict with certainty, directly shape the premiums or other revenues to us under the programs, the eligibility and enrollment of our members, the services we provide to our members, and our administrative, health care services, and other costs associated with these programs. Legislative or regulatory actions, such as changes to the programs in which we participate, those resulting in a reduction in premium payments to us, an increase in our cost of administrative and health care services, or additional fees, taxes or assessments, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Premium increases, introduction of new product designs, and our relationships with our providers in various markets, among other issues, could also affect our membership levels. Other actions that could affect membership levels include our possible exit from or entrance into Medicare or commercial markets, or the termination of a large contract. If we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, if membership does not increase as we expect, if membership declines, or if we lose membership with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing membership with unfavorable medical cost experience, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. If we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives, including our Medicare initiatives, which are of particular importance given the concentration of our revenues in these products, our state-based contracts strategy, the growth of our CenterWell businesses, and our integrated care delivery model, our business may be materially adversely affected. Our future performance depends in large part upon our ability to execute our strategy, including opportunities created by the expansion of our Medicare programs, our strategy with respect to state-based contracts, including those covering members dually eligible for the Medicare and Medicaid programs, the growth of our pharmacy 21 solutions, primary care, and home solutions businesses, and the successful implementation of our integrated care delivery model. We have made substantial investments in the Medicare program to enhance our ability to participate in these programs. The growth of our Medicare products is an important part of our business strategy, and the attendant concentration of revenues intensifies the risks to us inherent in Medicare products. Any failure to achieve this growth may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. The number of our Medicare Advantage plans rated 4-star or higher significantly declined in 2025. We have filed a lawsuit seeking to set aside and vacate the 2025 Star Ratings of our Medicare Advantage plans, but there is no assurance that we will prevail in this lawsuit. If we are not successful, the decline in our Star Ratings will negatively impact our 2026 quality bonus payments from CMS and may also significantly adversely affect our revenues, operating results, and cash flows. In addition, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our Star Ratings in future years. The achievement of Star Ratings of 4-star or higher qualifies Medicare Advantage plans for premium bonuses. Our Medicare Advantage plans' operating results may be significantly affected by their star ratings. Uncertainties with respect to both ongoing changes to the Star Ratings system and CMS cut-points for establishing a plan’s performance with respect to star rating measures, which are not determined until after the relevant measurement period, continue to make accurate prediction of each Medicare Advantage plan’s Star Ratings more challenging. Despite our operational efforts to improve our Star Ratings, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our Star Ratings in future years. In addition, audits of our performance for past or future periods may result in downgrades to our star ratings. Accordingly, our plans may not be eligible for full level quality bonuses or may not match the performance of our competitors, each of which could materially and adversely affect the benefits such plans can offer, reduce membership and/or reduce profit margins, which may significantly adversely affect our revenues, operating results, and cash flows. Based on 2025 Medicare Advantage Star Ratings released by CMS in October 2024, we have experienced a significant decline in the number of our Medicare Advantage members enrolled in plans rated 4-star or higher for 2025. We have filed a lawsuit that, among other things, seeks to set aside and vacate the 2025 Star Ratings for our Medicare Advantage plans, but there is no assurance that we will prevail in the lawsuit. If we are not successful, the decline in our Star Ratings performance for 2025 will negatively impact our 2026 quality bonus payments from CMS and may also significantly adversely affect our revenues, operating results, and cash flows. Please see “Legal Proceedings and Certain Regulatory Matters” in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K for a description of the lawsuit. If we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, to strategically maintain existing or implement new information systems (including systems powered by or incorporating AI/ML), or to protect our proprietary rights to our systems, our business may be materially adversely affected. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to run our business. Our business strategy involves providing members and providers with easy to use products that leverage our information to meet their needs. Our ability to adequately price our products and services, provide effective and efficient service to our customers, develop new and innovative products and services (including enhanced technologies that improved connectivity across products and meet consumer expectations for engaging in their health care), automate and deploy new technologies to simplify administrative processes and clinical decision making, provide timely payments to care providers, drive administrative and operational efficiencies, and timely and accurately report our financial results depends significantly on the performance of, and integrity of the data, in our information systems. These systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop and integrate new systems, including systems powered by or incorporating artificial intelligence and machine learning (including generative AI) (AI/ML), to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, and even with such resources there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. In addition, changes to laws, regulations and guidance regarding how we may use AI/ML could make 22 it harder for us to conduct our business using AI/ML, require us to retrain our AI/ML, delete data produced by our AI/ML, or prevent or limit our use of AI/ML. Our use of AI/ML technologies could also result in additional compliance costs, regulatory investigations, actions, fines or penalties, and consumer or other lawsuits. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate, unreliable, or biased, if we fail to improve service levels or maintain the integrity of our data, or if we fail to effectively maintain our information systems and develop and integrate new systems (including systems powered by or incorporating AI/ML), or if our use of AI/ML technologies were to result in inaccuracies, biases or errors, we could have operational disruptions, problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, customer and health care provider disputes, reputational challenges, regulatory or other legal obstacles (including potential investigations and enforcement), difficulty preventing and detecting fraud, increases in operating expenses, difficulty driving administrative or operational efficiencies to enhance our operations and reduce costs, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or other adverse consequences, each of which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We depend on independent third parties for significant portions of our systems-related support, equipment, facilities, and certain data, including data center operations, data network, voice communication services and pharmacy data processing. This dependence makes our operations vulnerable to such third parties' failure to perform adequately under the contract, due to internal or external factors. A change in service providers could result in a decline in service quality and effectiveness or less favorable contract terms which may adversely affect our operating results. We rely on our agreements with customers and service providers, confidentiality agreements with employees, and our trade secrets and copyrights to protect our proprietary rights. These legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. The misappropriation of our proprietary information could hinder our ability to market and sell products and services and may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. If we, and the third-party service providers on whom we rely, are unable to defend our information technology systems against cybersecurity attacks, contain such attacks when they occur, or prevent other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or in the unintentional dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could be exposed to significant regulatory fines or penalties, liability or reputational damage, or experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. In the ordinary course of our business, we process, store and transmit large amounts of data, and rely on third-party service providers to do the same, including protected personal information subject to privacy, security or data breach notification laws, as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or a third-party with which we do business. We have been, and will likely continue to be, regular targets of attempted cybersecurity attacks and other security threats and may be, and have been, subject to breaches of our information technology systems, including breaches of the information technology systems of third-party service providers. For example, in February 2024, Change Healthcare experienced a significant cybersecurity incident that disrupted its ability to provide services, impacting payers, providers and pharmacies nationwide, including us. Although the impact of such attacks has not been material to our operations or results of operations, financial position, or cash flow through December 31, 2025, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to detect, prevent, or contain the effects of such cybersecurity attacks or other information security risks or threats, or that such an attack will not be material to our business, in the future. Further, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and are increasing in sophistication, in part due to use of evolving AI/ML technologies (including generative AI), and because our businesses are changing as well, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques and threats, detect data security incidents or implement adequate preventive measures. A cybersecurity attack may penetrate our layered security controls and lead to the misappropriation of or compromise of protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information, create system disruptions, cause shutdowns, or deploy viruses, ransomware, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems or those of our third-party service providers. A cybersecurity attack that bypasses our information technology systems, 23 or the security of our third-party service providers, could materially affect us due to the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of sensitive personal information, confidential information or proprietary information (including intellectual property), operational or business delays resulting from the disruption of our IT systems, extortion attempts, or negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with our members, customers, providers, and other stakeholders. The costs to detect, prevent, eliminate or address cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities before or after an incident could be substantial. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential members. In addition, breaches of our security measures or the security measures of third-party service providers, and the unauthorized dissemination of protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us or our customers or other third parties, can expose our associates' or customers’ private information and result in the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in significant regulatory fines or penalties, litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business. We are involved in various legal actions and governmental and internal investigations, any of which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could result in substantial monetary damages or changes in our business practices. Increased litigation and negative publicity could increase our cost of doing business. We are or may become a party to a variety of legal actions that affect our business, including breach of contract actions, employment compensation and other labor and employment practice suits, employee benefit claims, stockholder suits and other securities laws claims, intellectual and other property claims, and tort claims. In addition, because of the nature of the health care business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design, management, and offering of products and services. These include and could include in the future: claims relating to the methodologies for calculating premiums; claims relating to the denial of health care benefit payments; claims relating to the denial or rescission of insurance coverage; challenges to the use of some software products used in administering claims; claims relating to our administration of our Medicare Part D offerings; medical malpractice actions brought against our employed providers or affiliated physician-owned professional groups, or against our health plans based on our medical necessity decisions or brought against us on the theory that we are liable for a third-party providers' alleged malpractice; claims arising from any adverse medical consequences resulting from our recommendations about the appropriateness of providers’ proposed medical treatment plans for patients; allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; provider disputes over compensation or non-acceptance or termination of provider contracts; false claims litigation, such as qui tam lawsuits, brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that we, as a government contractor, submitted false claims to the government or retained overpayments from the government, among other allegations, resulting from coding and review practices under the Medicare risk-adjustment model; claims related to the failure to disclose some business practices; claims relating to customer audits and contract performance; claims relating to dispensing of drugs associated with our in-house dispensing pharmacies; and professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public. In some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages as well as treble damages under the federal False Claims Act, Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act and other statutes may be sought. While we currently have insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, other potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage, or the amount of our insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. In addition, some types of damages, like punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance. In some jurisdictions, coverage of punitive damages is prohibited. Insurance coverage for all or some forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. The health benefits industry continues to receive significant negative publicity reflecting the public perception of the industry. This publicity and perception have been accompanied by increased litigation, including some large jury awards, legislative activity, regulation, and governmental review of industry practices. These factors may materially adversely affect our ability to market our products or services, may require us to change our products or 24 services or otherwise change our business practices, may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate, and may require us to pay large judgments or fines. Any combination of these factors could further increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. See "Legal Proceedings and Certain Regulatory Matters" in Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. We cannot predict the outcome of these matters with certainty. As a government contractor, we are exposed to risks that may materially adversely affect our business or our willingness or ability to participate in government health care programs. A significant portion of our revenues relates to federal and state government health care coverage programs, including the Medicare, military services, and Medicaid programs. These programs accounted for approximately 93% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. These programs involve various risks, as described further below. • At December 31, 2025, under our contracts with CMS we provided health insurance coverage to approximately 1.0 million individual Medicare Advantage members in Florida. These contracts accounted for approximately 14% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. The loss of these and other CMS contracts (which are generally renewed annually) or significant changes in the Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Plan programs as a result of legislative or regulatory action, including changes to the Part D prescription drug benefit design (such as the changes to plan sponsor liability across the different Part D coverage phases that began to apply in plan year 2025) or reductions in premium payments to us or increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. • CMS uses a risk-adjustment model that adjusts premiums paid to Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans according to health status of covered members. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. Under this model, rates paid to MA plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard Medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." That baseline payment amount is adjusted to account for certain demographic characteristics and health status of our enrolled members. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all MA plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data, collected from providers, to calculate the health status-related risk-adjusted premium payment to MA plans, which CMS further adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service (FFS) program. We generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to CMS as the basis for our health status-adjusted payment received from CMS under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. In addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. CMS and the Office of the Inspector General of Health and Human Services, or HHS-OIG, perform audits of various companies’ risk adjustment diagnosis data submissions. We refer to these audits as Risk-Adjustment Data Validation Audits, or RADV audits. RADV audits review medical records in an attempt to validate provider medical record documentation and coding practices that influence the calculation of health status-related premium payments to MA plans. In 2012, CMS released an MA contract-level RADV methodology that would extrapolate the results of each CMS RADV audit sample to the audited MA contract’s entire health status-related risk adjusted 25 premium amount for the year under audit. In doing so, CMS recognized “that the documentation standard used in RADV audits to determine a contract’s payment error (medical records) is different from the documentation standard used to develop the Part C risk-adjustment model (FFS claims).” To correct for this difference, CMS stated that it would apply a “Fee-for-Service Adjuster (FFS Adjuster)” as “an offset to the preliminary recovery amount.” This adjuster would be “calculated by CMS based on a RADV-like review of records submitted to support FFS claims data.” CMS stated that this methodology would apply to audits beginning with payment year (PY) 2011. Humana relied on CMS’s 2012 guidance in submitting MA bids to CMS. Humana also launched a “Self-Audits” program in 2013 that applied CMS’s 2

=== HUM_2026-04-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no changes to the risk factors included in our 2025 Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds (a) None. (b) N/A (c) The following table provides information about our purchases of equity securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, during the three months ended March 31, 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1)(2) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1)(2) Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) (2) January 2026 — $ — — $ 2,826,757,902 February 2026 564,390 182.13 564,390 2,723,963,914 March 2026 — — — 2,723,963,914 Total 564,390 $ 182.13 564,390 (1) Effective February 16, 2024, the Board of Directors replaced the February 2023 repurchase authorization (of which approximately $824 million remained unused) with a new share repurchase authorization for repurchases of up to $3 billion of our common shares exclusive of shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans, expiring as of February 15, 2027, which we refer to as the 2024 repurchase authorization. Our remaining repurchase authorization was $2.7 billion as of April 28, 2026. (2) Excludes 0.02 million shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 46 Table of Contents Item 5. Other Information a. None. b. None. c. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 47 Table of Contents Item 6: Exhibits 3(i) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Humana Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on November 9, 1989, as restated to incorporate the amendment of January 9, 1992, the correction of March 23, 1992, and the amendment dated April 24, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to Humana Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024). 3(ii) Humana Inc. Amended and Restated By-laws, effective as of December 7, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to Humana Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2023). 4.1 Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2026, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to the Company’s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR, File No. 333-277734, filed on March 5, 2026). 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 9, 2026, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2026). 10.1 Humana Inc. 2026 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Humana’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on April 16, 2026). 31.1 Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes–Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes–Oxley Act of 2002. 32 Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from Humana Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 48 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. HUMANA INC. (Registrant) Date: April 29, 2026 By: /s/ JOHN-PAUL W. FELTER John-Paul W. Felter Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 49 