=== HUM_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K for a description of a number of factors that may adversely affect our results or business. Business Segments Our two reportable segments, Insurance and CenterWell, are based on a combination of the type of health plan customer and adjacent businesses centered on well-being solutions for our health plans and other customers. Our Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Decision Maker, utilizes these segment groupings and results of each segment, measured by income (loss) from operations, to assess performance and allocate resources primarily during our annual budget process and periodic forecast updates. For additional information on our business segments and 4 segment financial information, refer to Note 18 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. Our Products Our medical and specialty insurance products allow members to access health care services primarily through our networks of health care providers with whom we have contracted. These products may vary in the degree to which members have coverage. Health maintenance organizations, or HMOs, include comprehensive managed care benefits generally through a participating network of physicians, hospitals, and other providers. Preferred provider organizations, or PPOs, provide members the freedom to choose any health care provider. However, PPOs generally require the member to pay a greater portion of the provider s fee in the event the member chooses not to use a provider participating in the PPO s network. Point of Service, or POS, plans combine the advantages of HMO plans with the flexibility of PPO plans. In general, POS plans allow members to choose, at the time medical services are needed, to seek care from a provider within the plan s network or outside the network. In addition, we offer services to our health plan members as well as to third parties that promote health and wellness, including pharmacy solutions, primary care, and home solutions, as well as services and capabilities to advance population health. At the core of our strategy is our integrated care delivery model, which unites quality care, high member engagement, and sophisticated data analytics. Three core elements of the model are to improve the consumer experience by simplifying the interaction with us, engaging members in clinical programs, and offering assistance to providers in transitioning from a fee-for-service, or FFS, to a value-based arrangement. Our approach to primary, physician-directed care for our members aims to provide quality care that is consistent, integrated, cost-effective, and member-focused. The model is designed to improve health outcomes and affordability for individuals and for the health system as a whole, while offering our members a simple, seamless healthcare experience. The discussion that follows describes the products offered by each of our segments. 5 Our Insurance Segment Products The Insurance segment is comprised of insurance products serving Medicare and state-based contract beneficiaries, as well as individuals and employers. The segment also includes our Pharmacy Benefit Manager, or PBM, business. These products are described in the discussion that follows. The following table presents our premiums and services revenue for the Insurance segment by product for the year ended December 31, 2025: Insurance Segment Premiums and Services Revenue Percent of Consolidated Premiums and Services Revenue (dollars in millions) Premiums: Individual Medicare Advantage $ 90,403 70.3 % Group Medicare Advantage 9,014 7.0 % Medicare stand-alone PDP 6,844 5.3 % Total Medicare 106,261 82.6 % Specialty benefits 989 0.8 % Medicare Supplement 1,098 0.9 % State-based contracts and other 14,477 11.2 % Total premiums revenue 122,825 95.5 % Services: Military services and other 1,017 0.8 % Services revenue 1,017 0.8 % Total Insurance segment premiums and services revenue $ 123,842 96.3 % Medicare We have participated in the Medicare program for private health plans for over 30 years and have established a national presence, offering at least one type of Medicare plan in all 50 states. We have a geographically diverse membership base that we believe provides us with greater ability to expand our network of PPO and HMO providers. We employ strategies including health assessments and clinical guidance programs such as lifestyle and fitness programs for seniors to guide Medicare beneficiaries in making cost-effective decisions with respect to their health care. We believe these strategies result in cost savings that occur from making positive behavior changes. Medicare is a federal program that provides persons age 65 and over and some disabled persons under the age of 65 certain hospital and medical insurance benefits. CMS, an agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, administers the Medicare program. Hospitalization benefits are provided under Part A, without the payment of any premium, for up to 90 days per incident of illness plus a lifetime reserve aggregating 60 days. Eligible beneficiaries are required to pay an annually adjusted premium to the federal government to be eligible for physician care and other services under Part B. Beneficiaries eligible for Part A and Part B coverage under traditional fee-for-service Medicare are still required to pay out-of-pocket deductibles and coinsurance. Throughout this document this program is referred to as Medicare FFS. As an alternative to Medicare FFS, in geographic areas where a managed care organization has contracted with CMS pursuant to the Medicare Advantage program, Medicare beneficiaries may choose to receive benefits from a Medicare Advantage organization under Medicare Part C. Pursuant to Medicare Part C, Medicare Advantage organizations contract with CMS to offer Medicare Advantage plans to provide benefits at least comparable to those offered under Medicare FFS. Our Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans are discussed in the following sections. Prescription drug benefits are provided under Part D. 6 Individual Medicare Advantage Products We contract with CMS under the Medicare Advantage program to provide a comprehensive array of health insurance benefits, including wellness programs, chronic care management, and care coordination, to Medicare eligible persons under HMO, PPO, Private Fee-For-Service, or PFFS, and Special Needs Plans, including Dual Eligible Special Needs, or D-SNP, plans in exchange for contractual payments received from CMS, usually a fixed payment per member per month. With each of these products, the beneficiary receives benefits in excess of Medicare FFS, typically including reduced cost sharing, enhanced prescription drug benefits, care coordination, data analysis techniques to help identify member needs, complex case management, tools to guide members in their health care decisions, care management programs, wellness and prevention programs and, in some instances, a reduced monthly Part B premium. Most Medicare Advantage plans offer the prescription drug benefit under Part D as part of the basic plan, subject to cost sharing and other limitations. Accordingly, all of the provisions of the Medicare Part D program described in connection with our stand-alone prescription drug plans in the following section also are applicable to most of our Medicare Advantage plans. Medicare Advantage plans may charge beneficiaries monthly premiums and other copayments for Medicare-covered services or for certain extra benefits. Generally, Medicare-eligible individuals enroll in one of our plan choices between October 15 and December 7 for coverage that begins on the following January 1. Our Medicare HMO and PPO plans, which cover Medicare-eligible individuals residing in certain counties, may eliminate or reduce coinsurance or the level of deductibles on many other medical services while seeking care from participating in-network providers or in emergency situations. Except in emergency situations or as specified by the plan, most HMO plans provide no out-of-network benefits. PPO plans carry an out-of network benefit that is subject to higher member cost-sharing. In some cases, these beneficiaries are required to pay a monthly premium to the HMO or PPO plan in addition to the monthly Part B premium they are required to pay the Medicare program. Most of our Medicare PFFS plans are network-based products with in and out of network benefits due to a requirement that Medicare Advantage organizations to establish adequate provider networks, except in geographic areas that CMS determines have fewer than two network-based Medicare Advantage plans. In these areas, we offer Medicare PFFS plans that have no preferred network. Individuals in these plans pay us a monthly premium to receive typical Medicare Advantage benefits along with the freedom to choose any health care provider that accepts individuals at rates equivalent to Medicare FFS payment rates. CMS uses a risk-adjustment model that adjusts premiums paid to Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans according to health status of covered members. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. Under this model, rates paid to MA plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard Medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." That baseline payment amount is adjusted to account for certain demographic characteristics and health status of our enrolled members. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all MA plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data, collected from providers, to calculate the health status-related risk-adjusted premium payment to MA plans, which CMS further adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service (FFS) program. We generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to CMS as the basis for our health status-adjusted payment received from CMS under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. In addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. For additional information, refer to Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K. At December 31, 2025, we provided health insurance coverage under CMS contracts to approximately 5.2 million individual Medicare Advantage members, including approximately 1.0 million members in Florida. These 7 Florida contracts accounted for premiums revenue of approximately $17.8 billion, which represented approximately 20% of our individual Medicare Advantage premiums revenue, or 14% of our consolidated premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. Our individual Medicare Advantage products covered under Medicare Advantage contracts with CMS are renewed generally for a calendar year term unless CMS notifies us of its decision not to renew by May 1 of the calendar year in which the contract would end, or we notify CMS of our decision not to renew by the first Monday in June of the calendar year in which the contract would end. All material contracts between Humana and CMS relating to our Medicare Advantage products have been renewed for 2026, and all of our product offerings filed with CMS and going to market for 2026 have been approved. Individual Medicare Stand-Alone Prescription Drug Products We offer stand-alone prescription drug plans, or PDPs, under Medicare Part D, including a PDP offering co-branded with Walmart Inc., or the Humana-Walmart plan. Generally, Medicare-eligible individuals enroll in one of our plan choices between October 15 and December 7 for coverage that begins on the following January 1. Our stand-alone PDP offerings consist of plans offering basic coverage with benefits mandated by Congress, as well as plans providing enhanced coverage with varying degrees of out-of-pocket costs for premiums, deductibles, and co-insurance. Our revenues from CMS and the beneficiary are determined from our PDP bids submitted annually to CMS. These revenues also reflect the health status of the beneficiary and risk sharing provisions as more fully described in Note 2 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, titled Receivables and Revenue Recognition. Our stand-alone PDP contracts with CMS are renewed generally for a calendar year term unless CMS notifies us of its decision not to renew by May 1 of the calendar year in which the contract would end, or we notify CMS of our decision not to renew by the first Monday in June of the calendar year in which the contract would end. All material contracts between Humana and CMS relating to our Medicare stand-alone PDP products have been renewed for 2026, and all of our product offerings filed with CMS and going to market for 2026 have been approved. We have administered CMS s Limited Income Newly Eligible Transition, or LI-NET, prescription drug plan program since 2010. This program allows individuals who receive Medicare s low-income subsidy to also receive immediate prescription drug coverage at the point of sale if they are not already enrolled in a Medicare Part D plan. CMS temporarily enrolls newly identified individuals with both Medicare and Medicaid into the LI-NET prescription drug plan program, and subsequently transitions each member into a Medicare Part D plan that may or may not be a Humana Medicare plan. Group Medicare Advantage and Medicare Stand-Alone PDP We offer products that enable employers that provide post-retirement health care benefits to replace Medicare wrap or Medicare supplement products with Medicare Advantage or stand-alone PDPs from Humana. These products are primarily offered as PPO plans on the same Medicare platform as individual Medicare Advantage plans. These plans offer the same types of benefits and services available to members in our individual Medicare plans discussed previously, however, group Medicare Advantage plans typically have richer benefit offerings than individual Medicare Advantage plans, including prescription drug coverage in the gap, for instance, due to the desire of many customers to closely match their pre-retirement benefit structure. Medicare Supplement We also offer Medicare supplement products that help pay the medical expenses that Medicare FFS does not cover, such as copayments, coinsurance and deductibles. 8 State-based Contracts Through our state-based contracts, we serve members enrolled in Medicaid, a program funded by both the federal and state governments and administered by states to care for their most vulnerable populations. Within federal guidelines, states determine whom to cover, but general categories for traditional Medicaid programs include children and parents; Aged, Blind, and Disabled (ABD) individuals; and Medicaid Expansion adults. Through Medicaid Managed Long-Term Support Services (MLTSS) programs, states offer programs to deliver support services to people who receive home and community or institution-based services for long-term care. We have contracts in multiple states to serve Medicaid-eligible members, including Florida, Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Virginia and Wisconsin. We also serve members who qualify for both Medicaid and Medicare, referred to as "dual eligible", through our Medicaid, Medicare Advantage, and stand-alone prescription drug plans. As the dual eligible population represents a disproportionate share of costs, Humana is participating in varied integration models designed to improve health outcomes and reduce avoidable costs. As part of our individual Medicare Advantage products, we also offer Dual-Eligible Special Needs Plans (D-SNP). In connection with offering a D-SNP in a particular state, we are required to enter into a special coordinating contract with the applicable state Medicaid agency. To meet federal requirements that took effect in 2021, states have implemented new D-SNP requirements to strengthen Medicaid-Medicare integration requirements for D-SNPs. Some states are also moving to support the dual eligible population by linking D-SNP participation to enrollment in a plan that also participates in a state-based Medicaid program to coordinate and integrate both Medicare and Medicaid benefits. Specialty We sell specialty and ancillary insurance benefits consisting of dental, vision, life and disability to employer groups. In addition, we sell dental and vision specialty insurance benefits to individuals. Military Services Under our TRICARE contracts with the United States Department of Defense, or DoD, we provide administrative services to arrange health care services for active-duty and retired military personnel and their dependents. We have participated in the TRICARE program since 1996 under contracts with the DoD. Under our contracts, we provide administrative services while the federal government retains all of the risk of the cost of health benefits. Accordingly, we account for revenues under the current contract net of estimated health care costs similar to an administrative services fee only agreement. We delivered services under the T2017 East Region contract from commencement on January 1, 2018 through expiration on December 31, 2024. The T2017 East Region contract comprised 32 states and approximately 6 million TRICARE beneficiaries. In December 2022, we were awarded the next generation of TRICARE Managed Care Support Contracts, or T-5, for the updated TRICARE East Region by the Defense Health Agency of the DoD. The T-5 East Region contract commenced on January 1, 2025 and comprises 24 states, and Washington D.C., and approximately 4.6 million beneficiaries. The transition period for the T-5 contract began in January 2024 and overlapped the final year of the T2017 contract. The length of the contract is one transition year followed by eight annual option periods, which, if all options are exercised, would result in a total contract length of nine years. Our CenterWell Segment Products The products offered by our CenterWell segment are key to our integrated care delivery model. This segment includes our pharmacy solutions, primary care, and home solutions operations. The CenterWell segment also includes our strategic partnerships with Welsh, Carson, Anderson Stowe, or WCAS, to develop and operate senior-focused, payor-agnostic, primary care centers, as well as our minority ownership interest in hospice operations. Services offered by this segment are designed to enhance the overall healthcare experience. These services may lead to lower utilization associated with improved member health and/or lower drug costs. For 9 information on our intersegment revenues, refer to Note 18 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. The following table presents our services revenue for the CenterWell segment by line of business for the year ended December 31, 2025: CenterWell Segment Services Revenue Percent of Consolidated Premiums and Services Revenue (dollars in millions) Intersegment revenues: Home solutions $ 2,127 n/a Pharmacy solutions 11,741 n/a Primary care 3,789 n/a Total intersegment revenues $ 17,657 n/a External services revenue: Home solutions $ 1,401 1.1 % Pharmacy solutions 1,218 0.9 % Primary care 2,197 1.7 % Total external services revenue $ 4,816 3.7 % n/a not applicable Pharmacy Solutions Our pharmacy solutions business includes the operations of CenterWell Pharmacy (our mail-order pharmacy business), CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy, and other retail pharmacies located within CenterWell Primary Care clinics for brand, generic, specialty drugs, over the counter medications and supplies, as well as hospice pharmacy drugs. Primary Care We operate full-service, value-based senior focused primary care centers in a number of states, including Arizona, Georgia, Florida, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia staffed by primary care providers and medical specialists with a primary focus on the senior population under our primary care business. Our primary care business operates these clinics primarily under the Conviva Senior Primary Care and CenterWell Senior Primary Care brands. Our primary care subsidiaries operate our medical center business through both employed physicians and care providers, and through third-party management service organizations with whom we contract to arrange for and manage certain clinical services. Our primary care business currently operates 350 primary care clinics and employs approximately 1,300 primary care providers. Primary care serves approximately 491,100 patients, primarily under risk sharing arrangements with Humana Medicare Advantage health plans, third-party Medicare Advantage health plans and CMS administered risk sharing arrangements for Original Medicare. Our primary care business also operates a management services organization, or MSO, through Conviva and CenterWell that coordinates medical care for Medicare Advantage beneficiaries across multiple states. This MSO provides resources in care coordination, financial risk management, clinical integration and patient engagement that help physicians improve the patient experience as well as care outcomes. Primary care s MSO collaborates with physicians, medical groups and integrated delivery systems to successfully transition to value-based care by engaging, partnering and offering practical services and solutions. 10 Our primary care business previously entered into a strategic partnership with Welsh, Carson, Anderson Stowe, or WCAS, to accelerate the expansion of our primary care model through the development of clinics. As of December 31, 2025, there were 146 primary care clinics operating under the partnership. For additional information, refer to Note 4 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. Home Solutions CenterWell Home Health We operate CenterWell Home Health, one of the nation's largest home health providers, through which we are actively involved in the care management of our customers with the greatest needs via in-home care. CenterWell Home Health has locations in 37 states, providing extensive geographic coverage with approximately 68% overlap with our individual Medicare Advantage membership. Our home solutions geographic scale and clinical breadth provides the opportunity to offer care beyond our health plan members. Through the integration of these home health operations, we are focused on accelerating clinical innovation and the development and roll out of a value-based operating model at scale, more closely aligning incentives to focus on improving patient outcomes and reducing the total cost of care. This is critical to deploying a value-based, advanced home health model at scale that makes it easier for patients and providers to benefit from our full continuum of home-based capabilities, leveraging the best channel to deliver the right care needed at the right time. OneHome OneHome serves as the convener for the value-based model meeting the needs of health plans by serving their members through a full-risk model for integrated home-based services. OneHome manages a full range of post-acute patient needs, integrating and coordinating with physicians, hospitals and health plans for the provision of home health and infusion services as well as the distribution of durable medical equipment, or DME, at patients homes. Hospice We completed the sale of a 60% interest in Gentiva Hospice on August 11, 2022 and we account for our remaining minority ownership in Gentiva Hospice using the equity method of accounting. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, we owned approximately 35%. For additional information on our ownership interest of Gentiva Hospice, refer to Note 4 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 11 Insurance Medical Membership The following table summarizes total insurance medical membership (in thousands) at December 31, 2025, by market and product: Insurance Medical Membership Individual Medicare Advantage Group Medicare Advantage Medicare stand- alone PDP Medicare Supplement State- based contracts and other Military services Total Percent of Total Florida 1,006.2 11.1 112.8 24.0 569.9 1,724.0 11.5 % Texas 437.9 4.8 148.2 63.2 654.1 4.4 % Kentucky 131.3 74.3 184.9 19.3 205.4 615.2 4.1 % North Carolina 253.0 179.4 87.3 7.6 527.3 3.5 % Ohio 192.0 17.4 80.1 28.3 179.4 497.2 3.3 % Louisiana 194.1 7.8 49.4 3.8 139.3 394.4 2.6 % Illinois 224.9 41.6 98.0 11.7 12.8 389.0 2.6 % Virginia 158.7 2.7 104.2 9.9 105.2 380.7 2.5 % Georgia 272.8 2.8 77.6 22.0 375.2 2.5 % Tennessee 191.8 12.8 90.1 10.9 62.9 368.5 2.5 % Oklahoma 74.1 3.3 52.3 11.1 185.5 326.3 2.2 % Michigan 176.6 29.8 77.2 11.8 295.4 2.0 % California 133.8 4.1 110.0 45.8 293.7 2.0 % Indiana 158.0 18.8 64.8 13.1 32.5 287.2 1.9 % South Carolina 170.9 0.4 29.6 12.5 37.1 250.5 1.7 % Wisconsin 82.7 8.1 67.1 5.7 55.3 218.9 1.5 % Washington 103.0 15.2 71.0 8.5 5.5 203.2 1.4 % Pennsylvania 80.4 10.0 65.9 17.6 19.7 193.6 1.3 % Alabama 97.4 29.0 50.6 7.7 184.7 1.2 % Arizona 121.5 0.9 51.9 7.9 182.2 1.1 % TRICARE 4,605.4 4,605.4 30.7 % Others 988.2 94.1 789.6 156.0 5.1 2,033.0 13.5 % Totals 5,249.3 568.4 2,462.6 498.4 1,615.6 4,605.4 14,999.7 100.0 % Provider Arrangements We provide our members with access to health care services through our networks of health care providers whom we employ or with whom we have contracted, including hospitals and other independent facilities such as outpatient surgery centers, primary care providers, specialist physicians, dentists, and providers of ancillary health care services and facilities. These ancillary services and facilities include laboratories, ambulance services, medical equipment services, home health agencies, mental health providers, rehabilitation facilities, nursing homes, optical services, and pharmacies. Our membership base and the ability to influence where our members seek care generally enable us to obtain contractual discounts with providers. We use a variety of techniques to provide access to effective and efficient use of health care services for our members. These techniques include the coordination of care for our members, product and benefit designs, hospital inpatient management systems, the use of sophisticated analytics, and enrolling members into various care management programs. The focal point for health care services in many of our HMO networks is the primary care provider who, under contract with us, provides services to our members, and may control utilization of appropriate services by directing or approving hospitalization and referrals to specialists and other providers. Some physicians may have arrangements under which they can earn bonuses when certain target goals relating to the provision of quality patient care are met. We have available care management programs related to complex chronic conditions such as congestive heart failure and coronary artery disease. We also have programs for prenatal and premature infant care, asthma related illness, end stage renal disease, diabetes, cancer, and certain other conditions. 12 We typically contract with hospitals on either (1) a per diem rate, which is an all-inclusive rate per day, (2) a case rate for diagnosis-related groups (DRG), which is an all-inclusive rate per admission, or (3) a discounted charge for inpatient hospital services. Outpatient hospital services generally are contracted at a flat rate by type of service, ambulatory payment classifications, or APCs, or at a discounted charge. APCs are similar to flat rates except multiple services and procedures may be aggregated into one fixed payment. These contracts are often multi-year agreements. Outpatient surgery centers and other ancillary providers typically are contracted at flat rates per service provided or are reimbursed based upon a nationally recognized fee schedule such as the Medicare allowable fee schedule. Our contracts with physicians typically are renewed automatically each year, unless either party gives written notice, generally ranging from 90 to 120 days, to the other party of its intent to terminate the arrangement. Most of the physicians in our PPO networks and some of our physicians in our HMO networks are reimbursed based upon a fixed fee schedule, which typically provides for reimbursement based upon a percentage of the standard Medicare allowable fee schedule. The terms of our contracts with hospitals and physicians may also vary between Medicare and Medicaid business. A significant portion of our Medicare network contracts, including those with both hospitals and physicians, are tied to Medicare reimbursement levels and methodologies. Capitation We offer providers a continuum of opportunities to increase the integration of care and offer assistance to providers in transitioning from a fee-for-service to a value-based arrangement. These include performance bonuses, shared savings and shared risk relationships. For some of our medical membership, we share risk with providers under capitation contracts where physicians and hospitals accept varying levels of financial risk for a defined set of membership. Under the typical capitation arrangement, we prepay these providers a monthly fixed-fee per member, known as a capitation (per capita) payment, to cover all or a defined portion of the benefits provided to the capitated member. We believe these value-based arrangements represent a key element of our integrated care delivery model at the core of our strategy. Our health plan subsidiaries may enter into these value-based arrangements with third-party providers or our owned provider subsidiaries. At December 31, 2025, approximately 2,260,900 members, or 15.1%, of our medical membership, were covered under shared risk value-based arrangements, which provide all member benefits, including 1,947,900 individual Medicare Advantage members, or 37.1%, of our total individual Medicare Advantage membership. Physicians under capitation arrangements typically have stop loss coverage so that a physician s financial risk for any single member is limited to a maximum amount on an annual basis. We typically process all claims and measure the financial performance of our capitated providers and require guarantees in certain instances. However, we delegated claim processing functions under capitation arrangements covering approximately 299,900 members, including 299,100 individual Medicare Advantage members, or 15.4%, of the 1,947,900 individual Medicare Advantage members covered under shared risk value-based contracts at December 31, 2025, with the provider assuming substantially all the risk of coordinating the members health care benefits. Capitation expense under delegated arrangements for which we have a limited view of the underlying claims experience was approximately $3.7 billion, or 3.3%, of total benefits expense, for the year ended December 31, 2025. We remain financially responsible for health care services to our members in the event our providers fail to provide such services. Accreditation Assessment Our accreditation assessment program consists of several internal programs, including those that credential providers and those designed to meet the audit standards of federal and state agencies as well as external accreditation standards. We also offer quality and outcome measurement and improvement programs such as the Health Care Effectiveness Data and Information Set, or HEDIS, which is used by employers, government purchasers 13 and the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) to evaluate health plans based on various criteria, including effectiveness of care and member satisfaction. Providers participating in our networks must satisfy specific criteria, including licensing, patient access, office standards, after-hours coverage, and other factors. Most participating hospitals also meet accreditation criteria established by CMS and/or The Joint Commission. Recredentialing of participating providers occurs every three years, unless otherwise required by state or federal regulations. Recredentialing of participating providers includes verification of their medical licenses, review of their malpractice liability claims histories, review of their board certifications, if applicable, and review of applicable quality information. A committee composed of a peer group of providers reviews the applications of providers being considered for credentialing and recredentialing. We maintain accreditation for certain of our health plans and/or departments from NCQA, the Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Health Care (AAAHC), and/or URAC. NCQA reviews our compliance based on standards for quality improvement, population health management, credentialing, utilization management, network management, and member experience. We have achieved and maintained NCQA health plan accreditation in many of our Medicare and Medicaid markets. Humana s subsidiary, CenterWell Pharmacy, Inc., holds accreditations from URAC. Sales and Marketing We use various methods to market our products, including television, radio, the Internet, telemarketing, wholesale distributors (general agencies) and direct mailings. At December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 1,000 sales representatives, as well as approximately 2,200 telemarketing representatives who assisted in the marketing of Medicare products, including Medicare Advantage and PDP, and specialty products in our Insurance segment, including making appointments for sales representatives with prospective members. We have a marketing arrangement with Walmart Inc., or Walmart, for our individual Medicare stand-alone PDP offering. We also sell group Medicare Advantage products through large employers. In addition, we market our Medicare and individual specialty products through licensed independent brokers and agents. For our Medicare products, commissions paid to employed sales representatives and independent brokers and agents are based on a per unit commission structure, regulated in structure and amount by CMS. For our individual specialty products, we generally pay brokers a commission based on premiums, with commissions varying by market and premium volume. In addition to a commission based directly on premium volume for sales to particular customers, we also have programs that pay brokers and agents based on other metrics. These include commission bonuses based on sales that attain certain levels or involve particular products. We also pay additional commissions based on aggregate volumes of sales involving multiple customers. In our Insurance segment, we market our specialty products to individuals through their employers or other groups, which typically offer employees or members a selection of specialty products, pay for all or part of the premiums, and make payroll deductions for any premiums payable by the employees. We use licensed independent brokers, independent agents, digital insurance agencies, and employees to sell our specialty products. We pay brokers and agents using the same commission structure described above for our specialty products. Underwriting Since 2014, the Patient Protection and Affordability Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, which we collectively refer to as the Health Care Reform Law, requires certain group health plans to guarantee issuance and renew coverage without pre-existing condition exclusions or health-status rating adjustments. Accordingly, certain group health plans are not subject to underwriting. Further, underwriting techniques are not employed in connection with our individual Medicare, military services, or Medicaid products because government regulations require us to accept all eligible applicants regardless of their health or medical history. 14 Competition The health benefits industry is highly competitive. Our competitors vary by local market and include other managed care companies, national insurance companies, and other HMOs and PPOs. Many of our competitors have a larger membership base and/or greater financial resources than our health plans in the markets in which we compete. Our ability to sell our products and to retain customers may be influenced by such factors as those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K. Government Regulation Diverse legislative and regulatory initiatives at both the federal and state levels continue to affect aspects of the nation s health care system, including the Health Care Reform Law at the federal level and laws in certain states limiting the entry of new providers or services though a certificate of need, or CON, process. Our management works proactively to ensure compliance with all governmental laws and regulations affecting our business. We are unable to predict how existing federal or state laws and regulations may be changed or interpreted, what additional laws or regulations affecting our businesses may be enacted or proposed, when and which of the proposed laws will be adopted or what effect any such new laws and regulations will have on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. For a description of certain material current activities in the federal and state legislative areas, see Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K. Certain Other Services Captive Insurance Company We bear general business risks associated with operating our Company such as professional and general liability, employee workers compensation, cybersecurity, and officer and director errors and omissions risks. Professional and general liability risks may include, for example, medical malpractice claims and disputes with members regarding benefit coverage. We retain certain of these risks through our wholly-owned, captive insurance subsidiary. We reduce exposure to these risks by insuring levels of coverage for losses in excess of our retained limits with a number of third-party insurance companies. We remain liable in the event these insurance companies are unable to pay their portion of the losses. Centralized Intercompany Services We provide centralized intercompany services to each of our health plans and to our business segments from our headquarters and service centers. These services include management information systems, product development and administration, finance, human resources, accounting, law, public relations, marketing, insurance, purchasing, risk management, internal audit, actuarial, underwriting, claims processing, billing/enrollment, and customer service. Through intercompany service agreements approved, if required, by state regulatory authorities, Humana Inc., our parent company, charges a services fee for reimbursement of certain centralized services provided to its subsidiaries to the extent that Humana Inc. is the service provider. Human Capital Management Our associates are essential to our success in delivering on our core strategy, and creating positive healthcare experiences for our members. We are committed to recruiting, developing, and retaining strong and diverse teams. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 67,060 associates. Our Culture, Engagement and Approach to Work We believe that our members experience is linked to our associates experience and that engaged, productive associates are the key to building a healthy company and caring environment where our associates go above and beyond for our members, driving innovation, and offering fulfilling experiences that incentivizes them to stay with 15 us over the long-term. We provide opportunities for our associates to add to their personal well-being experiences that go beyond health to enhance their individual need for purpose, belonging and security. With an average tenure of 7 years at our Company, our associates loyalty reflects our culture and commitment to growth. We believe that voluntary turnover rate (VTR) is an important indicator of workforce satisfaction as we strive for our associates to choose us over other opportunities. During 2025, our VTR was 13.8%, representing a decrease from 14.4% in 2024. We regularly measure our success and seek opportunities to advance engagement through an Annual Engagement Survey, or AES, and continuous listening campaigns. Continuous listening involves our proactive solicitation, analysis and response to associate feedback throughout the year by using pulse surveys. By regularly surveying samples of our workforce, we are able to continuously assess our effectiveness and act when needed, which in turn helps to strengthen our culture and support associate engagement. We aim to conduct our confidential, third-party administered AES on an annual basis and encourage all of our associates to participate. The AES is an in-depth survey covering a variety of dimensions that align to the Company s strategy and associate engagement. We aggregate survey results, provide them to our entire associate population and encourage leaders to use the information to create open, honest action plans with their teams to build upon our collective engagement. Pay and Benefits Philosophy, Compensation and Financial Security We believe a fair and transparent workplace is essential for associate trust and engagement. To that end, our Company advances pay transparency and equity to ensure compensation decisions are unbiased, competitive and aligned with our commitment to support every associate s success. Each year, we conduct a comprehensive pay equity/gap analysis to identify and address potential pay disparities between associates performing similar work in similar capacities. Our pay and benefits structure is designed to attract, motivate, incentivize, retain, and reward our associates, at all levels of the organization, for their skill development, demonstration of our values and performance fostering an engaged and talented team. Our Total Rewards program complements these efforts by providing competitive compensation, robust benefits and resources that support health, financial security and work-life balance. While our programs vary by location, associate type and business, they generally include: 16 Financial Competitive base pay, with additional incentive, supplemental, and/or recognition pay Short - and long-term disability insurance Tuition assistance program 401(k) retirement savings plans with Company match program Paid internship Comprehensive financial well-being programs and support, including an employer-sponsored personal emergency savings account with matching funds from the Company Health savings account (HSA) and flexible savings account (FSA) contributions Life insurance Charitable gift matching program Health Medical, dental and vision benefits On-site health and fitness centers Supplemental health benefits On-site health screenings and vaccinations Long-term care insurance Weekly paid well-being time Whole-person well-being and rewards programs and platform On-demand fitness classes, nutritional education through teaching kitchens, and digital coaching apps Incentives for engaging in well-being programs Life Paid time off, paid holidays, paid volunteer time off and jury duty pay Mental health support, including our robust Employee Assistance Program and Work-Life Services Adoption assistance Paid parental leave program (6 weeks) Employee discount programs and services Paid caregiver time off program (2 weeks) Helping hands program Nursing moms program with on-site lactation rooms Transit services Learning and Development Internal and external learning events Access to degree and certification programs with tuition assistance Talent Development and Growth Opportunities We are committed to promoting continuous learning and growth by offering associates a variety of resources to enhance their skills and advance their careers. Our professional development initiatives ensure associates have access to tools, mentorship and opportunities that enable them to succeed in their current roles and prepare for future growth opportunities, strengthening our organization and driving innovation. We also offer our associates education and certification program assistance through partner organizations, and reduce or eliminate cost barriers to support achievement of their educational and career goals. Additional information related to our human capital management can be found by referencing our Definitive Proxy Statement of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 16, 2026 appearing under the caption "Human Capital Management." 17 Information About Our Executive Officers Set forth below are names and ages of all of our current executive officers as of February 1, 2026, their positions, and the date first elected as an executive officer : Name Age Position First Elected Officer James A. Rechtin 55 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 01/24 (1) David E. Dintenfass 55 President, Enterprise Growth 02/24 (2) John-Paul W. Felter 42 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 08/22 (3) Aaron C. Martin 56 President, Medicare Advantage 01/26 (4) Japan A. Mehta 45 Chief Information Officer 02/25 (5) Celeste M. Mellet 49 Chief Financial Officer 01/25 (6) Michelle A. O'Hara 50 Chief Human Resources Officer 01/25 (7) George Renaudin II 57 President, Insurance 02/23 (8) Sanjay K. Shetty, M.D. 52 President, CenterWell 04/23 (9) Joseph C. Ventura 49 Chief Legal Officer 02/19 (10) (1) Mr. Rechtin currently serves as Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), having held these positions since July 1, 2024. Mr. Rechtin was elected President and Chief Operating Officer upon joining the Company in January 2024 and served in that capacity through June 2024. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Rechtin served as President and CEO at Envision Healthcare, having held that position from 2020 to 2023. Previously, Mr. Rechtin was President of OptumCare in 2019 after serving in multiple senior-level roles at Davita Medical Group from 2014 to 2019. (2) Mr. Dintenfass currently serves as President, Enterprise Growth, having joined the Company in February 2024. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Dintenfass had a series of leadership roles at Fidelity Investments from 2015 to 2024 where he most recently served as Executive Vice President, Head of Product and Emerging Segments, leading a P L portfolio across retail and workplace investing. Mr. Dintenfass also served as Fidelity s Chief Marketing Officer and Head of Customer Experience Design. Before Fidelity, Mr. Dintenfass spent over five years at Bank of America in a variety of strategy and marketing roles across Consumer and Small Business banking and Merrill Lynch Wealth Management. Earlier in his career, Mr. Dintenfass spent 13 years at Procter Gamble in global P L and brand management roles of increasing responsibility. Mr. Dintenfass began his career as a consultant at McKinsey Company. (3) Mr. Felter currently serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, having been elected to this position in August 2022. Before joining the Company, Mr. Felter served as Senior Director - Investment Finance for OneAmerica Financial Partners, Inc. in 2022. Prior to OneAmerica, Mr. Felter spent nearly 11 years in multiple roles of increasing responsibility at Ernst Young LLP where he oversaw large audit engagements for public and private entities with a concentration in the health insurance sector. (4) Mr. Martin currently serves as President, Medicare Advantage, having been elected to this position in January 2026. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Martin served as Vice President, Healthcare for Amazon.com, Inc. for four years from 2022 through 2025. Previously, Mr. Martin was employed at Providence St. Joseph Health, where held roles of increasing responsibility from 2014 through 2022, and most recently served as EVP, Chief Digital Officer and Managing General Partner for Providence Ventures. 18 (5) Mr. Mehta currently serves as Chief Information Officer, having been elected to this position in February 2025. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Mehta served as Chief Data Officer at Citigroup for six years from 2018 to 2025. Previously, he held the role of CIO for Citi Global Wealth across a mix of client segments. Additionally, he served in the CIO role for Global Consumer Technology in Asia Pacific and Europe. Prior to Citi, Mr. Mehta held technology and digital leadership roles at JPMorgan, Barclays and Verizon. (6) Ms. Mellet currently serves as Chief Financial Officer, having been elected to this position in January 2025. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Mellet served as Partner and Chief Financial Officer of Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP) from February 2023 to January 2025. Prior to GIP, Ms. Mellet served as Chief Financial Officer, Senior Managing Director and an Executive Vice President at Evercore from 2021 to 2023. Before joining Evercore, Ms. Mellet served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2018 to 2021 and SVP and Deputy Chief Financial Officer from 2017 to 2018 at the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae). Before her tenure at Fannie Mae, Ms. Mellet spent more than 18 years at Morgan Stanley, last serving as global treasurer. She was also the head of investor, creditor and counterparty relations. (7) Ms. O Hara currently serves as Chief Human Resources Officer, having been elected to this position in January 2025. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. O Hara served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer from 2019 to 2025 at Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC). Prior to becoming Chief Human Resources Officer in 2019, Ms. O Hara held various roles of increasing responsibility at SAIC that included talent acquisition, integrated talent management, total rewards and human resources. (8) Mr. Renaudin currently serves as President, Insurance, having been elected to this position in October 2024 from his prior role as President, Medicare Medicaid. Mr. Renaudin joined the Company in April 2004 and since then has held various leadership roles of increasing responsibility, including previously holding the position of President, Medicare. (9) Dr. Shetty currently serves as President, CenterWell, having been elected to this position in April 2023. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Shetty worked in health care delivery for nearly 13 years at Steward Health Care System (Steward), most recently serving as President. During his tenure at Steward, Dr. Shetty held various roles of increasing responsibility, leading the large accountable care organization, a multispecialty group practice, and acute care hospitals. Prior to Steward, Dr. Shetty worked as a strategy consultant at Bain Company, Inc., and practiced as a radiologist and a faculty member at Harvard Medical School. (10) Mr. Ventura currently serves as Chief Legal Officer. He joined the Company in January 2009 and since then has held various positions of increasing responsibility in the Company's Law Department, including most recently, Senior Vice President, Associate General Counsel Corporate Secretary from July 2017 until February 2019. Executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors and serve until their successors are elected or until resignation or removal. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers. 19 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Relating to Our Business If we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if the premiums we charge are insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our members, if we are unable to implement clinical initiatives to provide a better health care experience for our members, lower costs and appropriately document the risk profile of our members, or if our estimates of benefits expense are inadequate, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. We estimate the costs of our benefits expense payments, and design and price our products accordingly, using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon, among other relevant factors, claim payment patterns, medical cost inflation, and historical developments such as claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns. These estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability because they are extremely sensitive to changes in claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. Accordingly, our reserves may be insufficient. We use a substantial portion of our revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to our members, including claims payments, capitation payments to providers (predetermined amounts paid to cover services), estimates of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care provided to our members, and various other costs. Generally, premiums in the health care business are fixed for one-year periods. Accordingly, costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. We estimate the costs of our future benefit claims and other expenses using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon claim payment patterns, medical inflation, historical developments, including claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns, and other relevant factors. We also record benefits payable for future payments. We continually review estimates of future payments relating to benefit claims costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and make necessary adjustments to our reserves, including premium deficiency reserves where appropriate. However, these estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability that is sensitive to claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. Many factors may and often do cause actual health care costs to exceed what was estimated and used to set our premiums. These factors may include: increased use of medical facilities and services, and the increased cost of such services; increased use or cost of prescription drugs, including specialty prescription drugs; the introduction of new or costly treatments, prescription drugs, or new technologies; our membership mix; variances in actual versus estimated levels of cost associated with new products, benefits or lines of business, product changes or benefit level changes; changes in the demographic characteristics of an account or market; changes or reductions of our utilization management functions such as preauthorization of services, concurrent review or requirements for physician referrals; changes in our purchase discounts or rebates received from manufacturers and wholesalers; pharmacy volume rebates received from drug manufacturers, which in Medicare Part D are fully reported to CMS and factored into member premium pricing and CMS reimbursement to the plan; catastrophes, including acts of terrorism, public health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics (such as COVID-19), or natural disasters (such as hurricanes and earthquakes) which could occur more frequently or with more intense effects as a result of the impact of global climate change; medical cost inflation; and government mandated benefits, member eligibility criteria, or other legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes. Key to our operational strategy is the implementation of clinical initiatives that we believe provide a better health care experience for our members, lower the cost of healthcare services delivered to our members, and appropriately document the risk profile of our members. Our profitability and competitiveness depend in large part 20 on our ability to appropriately manage health care costs through, among other things, the application of medical management programs such as our chronic care management program. While we proactively attempt to effectively manage our operating expenses, increases or decreases in staff-related expenses, any costs associated with exiting products, additional investment in new products (including our opportunities in the Medicare programs, state-based contracts, and expansion of clinical capabilities as part of our integrated care delivery model), investments in health and well-being product offerings, acquisitions, new taxes and assessments, inflation, and implementation of regulatory requirements may increase our operating expenses. Failure to adequately price our products or estimate sufficient benefits payable or effectively manage our operating expenses, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We are in a highly competitive industry. Some of our competitors are more established in the health care industry in terms of a larger market share and have greater financial resources than we do in some markets. In addition, other companies may enter our markets in the future, including emerging competitors in the Medicare or Medicaid programs or in the delivery of health care services. We believe that barriers to entry in our markets are not substantial, so the addition of new competitors can occur relatively easily, and customers enjoy significant flexibility in moving between competitors through the Medicare Annual Enrollment Period. While health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service and the quality and depth of provider networks, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. In addition to the challenge of controlling health care costs, we face intense competitive pressure to contain premium prices. Factors such as business consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative and regulatory reform, and marketing practices create pressure to contain premium price increases, despite being faced with increasing medical and administrative costs. The policies and decisions of the federal and state governments regarding the Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Plans, military services and Medicaid programs in which we participate have a substantial impact on our profitability. These governmental policies and decisions, which we cannot predict with certainty, directly shape the premiums or other revenues to us under the programs, the eligibility and enrollment of our members, the services we provide to our members, and our administrative, health care services, and other costs associated with these programs. Legislative or regulatory actions, such as changes to the programs in which we participate, those resulting in a reduction in premium payments to us, an increase in our cost of administrative and health care services, or additional fees, taxes or assessments, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Premium increases, introduction of new product designs, and our relationships with our providers in various markets, among other issues, could also affect our membership levels. Other actions that could affect membership levels include our possible exit from or entrance into Medicare or commercial markets, or the termination of a large contract. If we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, if membership does not increase as we expect, if membership declines, or if we lose membership with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing membership with unfavorable medical cost experience, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. If we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives, including our Medicare initiatives, which are of particular importance given the concentration of our revenues in these products, our state-based contracts strategy, the growth of our CenterWell businesses, and our integrated care delivery model, our business may be materially adversely affected. Our future performance depends in large part upon our ability to execute our strategy, including opportunities created by the expansion of our Medicare programs, our strategy with respect to state-based contracts, including those covering members dually eligible for the Medicare and Medicaid programs, the growth of our pharmacy 21 solutions, primary care, and home solutions businesses, and the successful implementation of our integrated care delivery model. We have made substantial investments in the Medicare program to enhance our ability to participate in these programs. The growth of our Medicare products is an important part of our business strategy, and the attendant concentration of revenues intensifies the risks to us inherent in Medicare products. Any failure to achieve this growth may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. The number of our Medicare Advantage plans rated 4-star or higher significantly declined in 2025. We have filed a lawsuit seeking to set aside and vacate the 2025 Star Ratings of our Medicare Advantage plans, but there is no assurance that we will prevail in this lawsuit. If we are not successful, the decline in our Star Ratings will negatively impact our 2026 quality bonus payments from CMS and may also significantly adversely affect our revenues, operating results, and cash flows. In addition, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our Star Ratings in future years. The achievement of Star Ratings of 4-star or higher qualifies Medicare Advantage plans for premium bonuses. Our Medicare Advantage plans' operating results may be significantly affected by their star ratings. Uncertainties with respect to both ongoing changes to the Star Ratings system and CMS cut-points for establishing a plan s performance with respect to star rating measures, which are not determined until after the relevant measurement period, continue to make accurate prediction of each Medicare Advantage plan s Star Ratings more challenging. Despite our operational efforts to improve our Star Ratings, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our Star Ratings in future years. In addition, audits of our performance for past or future periods may result in downgrades to our star ratings. Accordingly, our plans may not be eligible for full level quality bonuses or may not match the performance of our competitors, each of which could materially and adversely affect the benefits such plans can offer, reduce membership and/or reduce profit margins, which may significantly adversely affect our revenues, operating results, and cash flows. Based on 2025 Medicare Advantage Star Ratings released by CMS in October 2024, we have experienced a significant decline in the number of our Medicare Advantage members enrolled in plans rated 4-star or higher for 2025. We have filed a lawsuit that, among other things, seeks to set aside and vacate the 2025 Star Ratings for our Medicare Advantage plans, but there is no assurance that we will prevail in the lawsuit. If we are not successful, the decline in our Star Ratings performance for 2025 will negatively impact our 2026 quality bonus payments from CMS and may also significantly adversely affect our revenues, operating results, and cash flows. Please see Legal Proceedings and Certain Regulatory Matters in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K for a description of the lawsuit. If we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, to strategically maintain existing or implement new information systems (including systems powered by or incorporating AI/ML), or to protect our proprietary rights to our systems, our business may be materially adversely affected. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to run our business. Our business strategy involves providing members and providers with easy to use products that leverage our information to meet their needs. Our ability to adequately price our products and services, provide effective and efficient service to our customers, develop new and innovative products and services (including enhanced technologies that improved connectivity across products and meet consumer expectations for engaging in their health care), automate and deploy new technologies to simplify administrative processes and clinical decision making, provide timely payments to care providers, drive administrative and operational efficiencies, and timely and accurately report our financial results depends significantly on the performance of, and integrity of the data, in our information systems. These systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop and integrate new systems, including systems powered by or incorporating artificial intelligence and machine learning (including generative AI) (AI/ML), to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, and even with such resources there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. In addition, changes to laws, regulations and guidance regarding how we may use AI/ML could make 22 it harder for us to conduct our business using AI/ML, require us to retrain our AI/ML, delete data produced by our AI/ML, or prevent or limit our use of AI/ML. Our use of AI/ML technologies could also result in additional compliance costs, regulatory investigations, actions, fines or penalties, and consumer or other lawsuits. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate, unreliable, or biased, if we fail to improve service levels or maintain the integrity of our data, or if we fail to effectively maintain our information systems and develop and integrate new systems (including systems powered by or incorporating AI/ML), or if our use of AI/ML technologies were to result in inaccuracies, biases or errors, we could have operational disruptions, problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, customer and health care provider disputes, reputational challenges, regulatory or other legal obstacles (including potential investigations and enforcement), difficulty preventing and detecting fraud, increases in operating expenses, difficulty driving administrative or operational efficiencies to enhance our operations and reduce costs, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or other adverse consequences, each of which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We depend on independent third parties for significant portions of our systems-related support, equipment, facilities, and certain data, including data center operations, data network, voice communication services and pharmacy data processing. This dependence makes our operations vulnerable to such third parties' failure to perform adequately under the contract, due to internal or external factors. A change in service providers could result in a decline in service quality and effectiveness or less favorable contract terms which may adversely affect our operating results. We rely on our agreements with customers and service providers, confidentiality agreements with employees, and our trade secrets and copyrights to protect our proprietary rights. These legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. The misappropriation of our proprietary information could hinder our ability to market and sell products and services and may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. If we, and the third-party service providers on whom we rely, are unable to defend our information technology systems against cybersecurity attacks, contain such attacks when they occur, or prevent other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or in the unintentional dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could be exposed to significant regulatory fines or penalties, liability or reputational damage, or experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. In the ordinary course of our business, we process, store and transmit large amounts of data, and rely on third-party service providers to do the same, including protected personal information subject to privacy, security or data breach notification laws, as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or a third-party with which we do business. We have been, and will likely continue to be, regular targets of attempted cybersecurity attacks and other security threats and may be, and have been, subject to breaches of our information technology systems, including breaches of the information technology systems of third-party service providers. For example, in February 2024, Change Healthcare experienced a significant cybersecurity incident that disrupted its ability to provide services, impacting payers, providers and pharmacies nationwide, including us. Although the impact of such attacks has not been material to our operations or results of operations, financial position, or cash flow through December 31, 2025, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to detect, prevent, or contain the effects of such cybersecurity attacks or other information security risks or threats, or that such an attack will not be material to our business, in the future. Further, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and are increasing in sophistication, in part due to use of evolving AI/ML technologies (including generative AI), and because our businesses are changing as well, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques and threats, detect data security incidents or implement adequate preventive measures. A cybersecurity attack may penetrate our layered security controls and lead to the misappropriation of or compromise of protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information, create system disruptions, cause shutdowns, or deploy viruses, ransomware, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems or those of our third-party service providers. A cybersecurity attack that bypasses our information technology systems, 23 or the security of our third-party service providers, could materially affect us due to the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of sensitive personal information, confidential information or proprietary information (including intellectual property), operational or business delays resulting from the disruption of our IT systems, extortion attempts, or negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with our members, customers, providers, and other stakeholders. The costs to detect, prevent, eliminate or address cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities before or after an incident could be substantial. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential members. In addition, breaches of our security measures or the security measures of third-party service providers, and the unauthorized dissemination of protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us or our customers or other third parties, can expose our associates' or customers private information and result in the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in significant regulatory fines or penalties, litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business. We are involved in various legal actions and governmental and internal investigations, any of which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could result in substantial monetary damages or changes in our business practices. Increased litigation and negative publicity could increase our cost of doing business. We are or may become a party to a variety of legal actions that affect our business, including breach of contract actions, employment compensation and other labor and employment practice suits, employee benefit claims, stockholder suits and other securities laws claims, intellectual and other property claims, and tort claims. In addition, because of the nature of the health care business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design, management, and offering of products and services. These include and could include in the future: claims relating to the methodologies for calculating premiums; claims relating to the denial of health care benefit payments; claims relating to the denial or rescission of insurance coverage; challenges to the use of some software products used in administering claims; claims relating to our administration of our Medicare Part D offerings; medical malpractice actions brought against our employed providers or affiliated physician-owned professional groups, or against our health plans based on our medical necessity decisions or brought against us on the theory that we are liable for a third-party providers' alleged malpractice; claims arising from any adverse medical consequences resulting from our recommendations about the appropriateness of providers proposed medical treatment plans for patients; allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; provider disputes over compensation or non-acceptance or termination of provider contracts; false claims litigation, such as qui tam lawsuits, brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that we, as a government contractor, submitted false claims to the government or retained overpayments from the government, among other allegations, resulting from coding and review practices under the Medicare risk-adjustment model; claims related to the failure to disclose some business practices; claims relating to customer audits and contract performance; claims relating to dispensing of drugs associated with our in-house dispensing pharmacies; and professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public. In some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages as well as treble damages under the federal False Claims Act, Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act and other statutes may be sought. While we currently have insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, other potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage, or the amount of our insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. In addition, some types of damages, like punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance. In some jurisdictions, coverage of punitive damages is prohibited. Insurance coverage for all or some forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. The health benefits industry continues to receive significant negative publicity reflecting the public perception of the industry. This publicity and perception have been accompanied by increased litigation, including some large jury awards, legislative activity, regulation, and governmental review of industry practices. These factors may materially adversely affect our ability to market our products or services, may require us to change our products or 24 services or otherwise change our business practices, may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate, and may require us to pay large judgments or fines. Any combination of these factors could further increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. See "Legal Proceedings and Certain Regulatory Matters" in Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. We cannot predict the outcome of these matters with certainty. As a government contractor, we are exposed to risks that may materially adversely affect our business or our willingness or ability to participate in government health care programs. A significant portion of our revenues relates to federal and state government health care coverage programs, including the Medicare, military services, and Medicaid programs. These programs accounted for approximately 93% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. These programs involve various risks, as described further below. At December 31, 2025, under our contracts with CMS we provided health insurance coverage to approximately 1.0 million individual Medicare Advantage members in Florida. These contracts accounted for approximately 14% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. The loss of these and other CMS contracts (which are generally renewed annually) or significant changes in the Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Plan programs as a result of legislative or regulatory action, including changes to the Part D prescription drug benefit design (such as the changes to plan sponsor liability across the different Part D coverage phases that began to apply in plan year 2025) or reductions in premium payments to us or increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. CMS uses a risk-adjustment model that adjusts premiums paid to Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans according to health status of covered members. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. Under this model, rates paid to MA plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard Medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." That baseline payment amount is adjusted to account for certain demographic characteristics and health status of our enrolled members. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all MA plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data, collected from providers, to calculate the health status-related risk-adjusted premium payment to MA plans, which CMS further adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service (FFS) program. We generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to CMS as the basis for our health status-adjusted payment received from CMS under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. In addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. CMS and the Office of the Inspector General of Health and Human Services, or HHS-OIG, perform audits of various companies risk adjustment diagnosis data submissions. We refer to these audits as Risk-Adjustment Data Validation Audits, or RADV audits. RADV audits review medical records in an attempt to validate provider medical record documentation and coding practices that influence the calculation of health status-related premium payments to MA plans. In 2012, CMS released an MA contract-level RADV methodology that would extrapolate the results of each CMS RADV audit sample to the audited MA contract s entire health status-related risk adjusted 25 premium amount for the year under audit. In doing so, CMS recognized that the documentation standard used in RADV audits to determine a contract s payment error (medical records) is different from the documentation standard used to develop the Part C risk-adjustment model (FFS claims). To correct for this difference, CMS stated that it would apply a Fee-for-Service Adjuster (FFS Adjuster) as an offset to the preliminary recovery amount. This adjuster would be calculated by CMS based on a RADV-like review of records submitted to support FFS claims data. CMS stated that this methodology would apply to audits beginning with payment year (PY) 2011. Humana relied on CMS s 2012 guidance in submitting MA bids to CMS. Humana also launched a Self-Audits program in 2013 that applied CMS s 2012 RADV audit methodology and included an estimated FFS Adjuster. Humana completed Self-Audits for PYs 2011-2016 and reported results to CMS. In October 2018, however, CMS issued a proposed rule announcing possible changes to the RADV audit methodology, including elimination of the FFS Adjuster. CMS proposed (the "Proposed RADV Rule") applying its revised methodology, including extrapolated recoveries without application of a FFS Adjuster, to RADV audits dating back to PY 2011. On January 30, 2023, CMS published a final rule related to the RADV audit methodology (Final RADV Rule). The Final RADV Rule confirmed CMS s decision to eliminate the FFS Adjuster. The Final RADV Rule states CMS s intention to extrapolate results from CMS and HHS-OIG RADV audits beginning with PY 2018, rather than PY 2011 as proposed. However, CMS s Final RADV Rule does not adopt a specific sampling, extrapolation or audit methodology. CMS instead stated its general plan to rely on any statistically valid method . . . that is determined to be well-suited to a particular audit. We believe that the Final RADV Rule fails to address adequately the statutory requirement of actuarial equivalence and violates the Administrative Procedure Act ( APA ). CMS failed to meet its legal obligations in the federal rulemaking process to give a reasoned justification for the rule or provide a meaningful opportunity for public comment. They also chose to apply the rule retroactively rather than prospectively, as required by law. Humana s actuarially certified bids through PY 2026 preserved Humana s position that CMS should apply an FFS Adjuster in any RADV audit that CMS intends to extrapolate. CMS confirmed its intent to apply the Final RADV Rule, including the first application of extrapolated audit results to determine audit settlements without the use of a FFS Adjuster, to CMS audits conducted for PY 2018 and subsequent years when it selected certain of Humana's MA contracts for PY 2018 RADV audits. Further, on May 21, 2025, CMS announced that it will conduct RADV audits for all eligible MA contracts for each payment year in all newly initiated audits and expedite the completion of RADV audits for PY 2018 through PY 2024 by early 2026. The Final RADV Rule, including the lack of a FFS Adjuster, and any related regulatory, industry or company reactions, the expansion of CMS's auditing efforts to include all eligible MA contracts, the acceleration of RADV audits for PY 2018 through PY 2024, other changes CMS may make to the RADV audit methodology for these years, and combination of these expanded auditing efforts with the application of the Final RADV Rule, could each have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. On September 1, 2023, Humana Inc. and Humana Benefit Plan of Texas, Inc. filed suit against the United States Department of Health and Human Services, and Xavier Becerra in his official capacity as Secretary, in the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas, Fort Worth Division seeking a determination that the Final RADV Rule violates the APA and should be set aside. On September 25, 2025, the Court granted our motion for summary judgment and vacated the Final RADV Rule, finding that the Final RADV Rule was procedurally invalid under the APA because it was not a logical outgrowth of the Proposed RADV Rule. On November 21, 2025, the government notified the court of its appeal of that decision, which is now pending at the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit and captioned Humana v Kennedy. There can be no assurances as to the final disposition of this lawsuit. We remain committed to working alongside CMS to promote the integrity of the MA program as well as affordability and cost certainty for our members. It is critical that MA plans are paid accurately and that payment model principles, including the application of a FFS Adjuster, are in accordance with 26 the requirements of the Social Security Act, which, if not implemented correctly could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. In addition, as part of our internal compliance efforts, we routinely perform ordinary course reviews of our internal business processes related to, among other things, our risk coding and data submissions in connection with the risk adjustment model. These reviews may also result in the identification of errors and the submission of corrections to CMS that may, either individually or in the aggregate, be material. As such, the result of these reviews may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. Our CMS contracts which cover members prescription drugs under Medicare Part D contain provisions for risk sharing and certain payments for prescription drug costs for which we are not at risk. These provisions, certain of which are described below, affect our ultimate payments from CMS. The premiums from CMS are subject to risk corridor provisions which compare costs targeted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs, limited to actual costs that would have been incurred under the standard coverage as defined by CMS. Variances exceeding certain thresholds may result in CMS making additional payments to us or require us to refund to CMS a portion of the premiums we received (known as a risk corridor ). We estimate and recognize an adjustment to premiums revenue related to the risk corridor payment settlement based upon pharmacy claims experience. The estimate of the settlement associated with these risk corridor provisions requires us to consider factors that may not be certain until CMS completes the applicable final payment year reconciliation, including member eligibility differences with CMS incurred allowable drug costs after rebates and other discounts, and low-income subsidy amounts. Reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies represent payments from CMS in connection with the Medicare Part D program for which we assume no risk. Reinsurance subsidies represent payments for CMS s portion of claims costs which exceed the member s out-of-pocket threshold, or the catastrophic coverage level. Low-income cost subsidies represent payments from CMS for all or a portion of the deductible, the coinsurance and co-payment amounts above the out-of-pocket threshold for low-income beneficiaries. Monthly prospective payments from CMS for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. A reconciliation and settlement of CMS s prospective subsidies against actual prescription drug costs we paid is made after the end of the applicable year. Settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies as well as the risk corridor payment is based on a reconciliation made approximately 9 months after the close of each calendar year. This reconciliation process requires us to submit claims data necessary for CMS to administer the program. Our claims data may not pass CMS s claims edit processes due to various reasons, including discrepancies in eligibility or classification of low-income members. To the extent our data does not pass CMS s claim edit processes, we may bear the risk for all or a portion of the claim which otherwise may have been subject to the risk corridor provision or payment which we would have otherwise received as a low-income subsidy or reinsurance claim. In addition, in the event the settlement represents an amount CMS owes us, there is a negative impact on our cash flows and financial condition as a result of financing CMS s share of the risk. The opposite is true in the event the settlement represents an amount we owe CMS. Further, legislative or regulatory changes to how actual prescription drug costs are reported or calculated or other changes to the Part D prescription drug benefit design may lower reinsurance or low-income cost subsidies paid by CMS and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. Our primary care and home solutions businesses derive a substantial portion of their revenues from third-party payors and directly from the federal and state governments through participation in fee-for-service Medicare. This concentration of revenues subjects these businesses to reductions in Medicare 27 reimbursement rates or changes in the rules governing the Medicare program, including changes to CMS s risk adjustment model that may apply to our primary care business through its contracts with third-party payors. It is reasonably possible that such changes in reimbursement rates or changes to the Medicare programs in which our primary care and home health business participate may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We are subject to various other governmental audits and investigations. Under state laws, our HMOs and health insurance companies are audited by state departments of insurance for financial and contractual compliance. Our HMOs are audited for compliance with health services by state departments of health. Audits and investigations, including audits of risk adjustment data, are also conducted by state attorneys general, CMS, HHS-OIG, the Office of Personnel Management, the Department of Justice, the Department of Labor, and the Defense Contract Audit Agency. All of these activities could result in the loss of licensure or temporary or permanent exclusion from participating in various government health care programs (such as Medicare and Medicaid), including a limitation on our ability to market or sell products, the imposition of fines, penalties and other civil and criminal sanctions, or changes in our business practices. The outcome of any current or future governmental or internal investigations cannot be accurately predicted, nor can we predict any resulting penalties, fines or other sanctions that may be imposed at the discretion of federal or state regulatory authorities. Nevertheless, it is reasonably possible that any such outcome of litigation, penalties, fines or other sanctions could be substantial, and the outcome of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Certain of these matters could also affect our reputation. In addition, disclosure of any adverse investigation or audit results or sanctions could negatively affect our industry or our reputation in various markets and make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services. Our business activities are subject to substantial government regulation. New laws or regulations, or legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes in existing laws or regulations or their manner of application could increase our cost of doing business and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, or cash flows. New Laws or Regulations, or Future Legislative, Judicial or Regulatory Changes We are and will continue to be regularly subject to new laws and regulations, changes to existing laws and regulations, and judicial determinations that impact the interpretation and applicability of those laws and regulations. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (which we collectively refer to as the Health Care Reform Law), the Families First Coronavirus Response Act (the Families First Act ), the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act ), and related regulations, are examples of laws which have enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the U.S. health insurance industry, including among others, mandated coverage requirements, mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to Medicare Advantage premiums, the establishment of federally facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, the introduction of plan designs based on set a