=== FOXA_2025-08-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report speak only as of the date hereof. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement made herein or to report any events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or to conform such statements to actual results or changes in our expectations, except as required by law. Business Overview FOX produces and delivers compelling news, sports and entertainment content through its iconic brands, including FOX News Media, FOX Sports, Tubi Media Group, FOX Entertainment and FOX Television Stations. The Company differentiates itself in a crowded media and entertainment marketplace through the leadership positions of its brands and premium programming that focus on live and appointment-based content, a significant presence in major markets, and broad distribution of its content across traditional and digital platforms. Our Competitive Strengths Premium brands that resonate deeply with viewers. Under the FOX banner, we produce and distribute content through some of the world s leading and most valued brands. Our long track record of challenging the status quo emboldens us to continue making innovative decisions, disrupting norms and forming deeper relationships with audiences. FOX News Media is among the most influential and recognized news brands in the world. FOX Sports has earned a reputation for bold sports programming and, with its availability in virtually every U.S. market, is a leading destination for live sports events and sports commentary. Tubi, our leading AVOD service, attracts a young, diverse and highly engaged audience to its content library of nearly 300,000 movies and television episodes. FOX Entertainment is renowned for its compelling primetime entertainment, including scripted dramas, leading unscripted programming and its longstanding Sunday animation block. These brands and others in our portfolio, such as our 29 owned and operated local television stations, including 18 broadcasting under the FOX brand, hold cultural significance with consumers and commercial importance for distributors and advertisers. The quality of our programming and the strength of our brands maximize the value of our content through a combination of affiliate fees and advertising sales. Leadership positions across strategically significant programming platforms. FOX enjoys leadership positions across its core news, sports and entertainment businesses. As linear television viewership declines across the industry, appointment-based programming that is the FOX hallmark remains resilient. For over 20 consecutive years, FOX News has been the top-rated national cable news channel in Monday to Friday primetime viewing, according to The Nielsen Company ( Nielsen ). FOX News also finished the fiscal year as the #1 cable network in Monday to Friday primetime and total day viewing among total viewers for the tenth consecutive year and delivered ratings that were comparable to ratings delivered by the four broadcast networks in weekday primetime viewing. A leader in marquee live sports broadcasts, FOX Sports programs the National Football League ( NFL ) featuring America's Game of the Week ), college football (including the Big Ten Conference), Major League Baseball's ( MLB ) Regular Season, All-Star Game and post-season, including exclusive rights to the World Series , National Association of Stock Car Auto Racing ( NASCAR ) and other marquee cyclical events, including the Super Bowl and the F d ration Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) Men's World Cup . FOX Sports has secured a significant portion of its marquee rights under long-term contracts. Under FOX s ownership, Tubi has become one of the most relevant and 2 fastest growing AVOD services in the country, with 13% growth in total view time (the total number of hours watched) in fiscal 2025 compared to the prior fiscal year. Tubi finished the fiscal year with approximately 2.2% share of all television viewing according to Nielsen s The Gauge , making it among the most watched free ad-supported streaming services in the U.S. FOX Entertainment has delivered the youngest and most diverse audience of the broadcast networks across all programming in primetime for over two decades. During the 2024-2025 broadcast season, FOX Entertainment featured two of the season s top three debuts including the #1 Comedy Universal Basic Guys , along with television s three highest-rated and most watched cooking shows Next Level Chef , Hell s Kitchen and Kitchen Nightmares . FOX Television Stations covers 18 Nielsen-designated market areas ( DMAs ), including 14 of the 15 largest, and was the #1 or #2 rated news provider in the hours of 5 a.m. - 9 a.m. in the majority of the markets in which it operates among adults 25-54. We believe the strength and leadership of our brands will continue to support our ability to secure industry leading affiliate rate and advertising price increases, while enabling us to nimbly respond to the opportunities and challenges traditional media companies are facing as technologies and changes in consumer behavior continue to rapidly evolve. Significant presence and relevance in major domestic markets. The FOX portfolio combines the range of national cable and broadcast networks and digital distribution platforms with the power of tailored local television. FOX News and FOX Business are available in approximately 60 million U.S. households and FOX Sports and FOX Entertainment programming on the FOX Network is available in virtually every U.S. market. Tubi s ubiquitous availability provides broad distribution of films, episodic television programming, live local and national news content and sports programming. Tubi carries over 100 local station feeds (including feeds of our owned and operated stations), covering 78 DMAs and 23 of the top 25 markets. Additionally, our 29 owned and operated television stations cover 18 DMAs, including 14 of the 15 largest, and maintain duopolies in 11 DMAs, including New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, the three largest. These stations provide balanced content of national interest with programming of note to local communities, producing over 1,350 hours of local news coverage each week. The breadth and depth of our footprint allows us to produce and distribute our content in a cost-effective manner and share best business practices and models across regions. It also enables us to engage audiences, develop deeper consumer relationships and create more compelling product offerings. Attractive financial profile, including multiple revenue streams, strong balance sheet and other assets. We have consistently achieved strong operational and financial results in a complex industry environment. Additionally, our solid balance sheet provides us with the financial flexibility to continue to invest across our businesses, allocate resources toward investments in growth initiatives, take advantage of strategic opportunities, including potential acquisitions across the range of media categories in which we operate and related adjacencies, and return capital to our stockholders. We have maintained significant liquidity, ending fiscal 2025 with approximately $5.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet while returning approximately $1.25 billion of capital to our stockholders through our stock repurchase program and cash dividends and retiring $600 million of debt during fiscal 2025. We also benefit from a tax asset that resulted from the step-up in the tax basis of our assets following the Transaction, which is expected to provide an annual cash tax benefit for many years. Our asset portfolio also includes the FOX Studio Lot in Los Angeles, California, which spans over 50 acres and close to 2 million square feet of space for administration and television and film production services available to industry clients, including 15 sound stages, and other production facilities. Additionally, we own an equity stake in Flutter Entertainment plc ( Flutter ), an online sports betting and gaming company with operations in the U.S. and internationally, and we maintain a valuable option to acquire 18.6% of FanDuel Group, a majority-owned subsidiary of Flutter. Goals and Strategies Maintain leading positions in live news, live sports and quality entertainment. We have long been a leader in news, sports and entertainment programming, and we believe that building on our leading market positions is essential to our success. The strength of our core businesses has allowed us to invest in attractive growth opportunities and brand extensions. Examples of this include digital brand extensions at FOX News Media, including the FOX Nation SVOD service and the FOX Weather free ad-supported streaming television ( FAST ) service. At Tubi, our investment in content, technology and marketing 3 has yielded new viewers and increased engagement from our audience, which has translated into robust revenue growth. In fiscal 2025, Tubi expanded its content library through the premiere of over 70 new original titles and the launch of 40 sports, entertainment and local news channels, for a total of over 320 sports, entertainment and local news channels as of the end of the fiscal year. We consistently review opportunities to optimize our sports portfolio with the dual goal of maintaining and growing our audience while achieving accretive financial returns. In fiscal 2025, we added rights from INDYCAR and LIV Golf and an extension of Big East Conference rights through 2031 while concluding our agreement with WWE. Recognizing the industry-wide changes in viewership habits, FOX Entertainment has continued to expand its footprint across unscripted content, leveraging the breadth of offerings from FOX Entertainment Studios to populate its primetime lineup and reduce its reliance on third-party content providers. FOX Entertainment Studios also produces or co-produces original content for third parties including many of the leading SVOD services (Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, Hulu and Apple TV+), highlighting the attractiveness of FOX s content to a wide variety of streaming services. FOX Television Stations rollout of local news content on connected televisions and FAST services in a number of markets has led to the stations total view time growing over 150% as compared to the prior fiscal year across FOX Local Streams and LiveNOW from FOX. We believe continuing to provide compelling news, sports and entertainment programming across platforms will increase audience engagement and drive growth across our distribution, affiliate and advertising relationships. Increase revenue growth through the continued delivery of high quality, premium and valuable content. With a focused portfolio of assets, we create and produce high quality programming that delivers value for our viewers, our affiliates and our advertisers. We expect our internal production capabilities and co-production arrangements will facilitate growth by enabling us to directly manage the economics and programming decisions of our broadcast network and television stations. We also believe our unique ability to deliver appointment-based viewing and audiences at scale, along with innovative advertising platforms, delivers substantial value to our advertising customers, and the unique nature of our appointment-based content positions us to maintain and even grow audiences during a time of increasing consumer fragmentation. Expand our digital distribution offerings and direct engagement with consumers, increasing complementary sources of revenues. The availability of our key networks on all major virtual MVPD services reflects the strength of our brands and the highly coveted nature of our content. We are also cultivating and growing direct interactions between FOX brands and consumers outside traditional linear television. For example, Tubi provides us with a wholly-owned digital platform to access a wider digital audience and further the reach of our content. Tubi continues to experience significant growth in total view time across a library of nearly 300,000 movies and television episodes, including key FOX entertainment, news and sports programming, and it streamed approximately 11 billion hours of content over the course of the fiscal year (a record for the platform). Tubi s young, diverse and highly engaged viewers, the majority of which are classified as cord-cutters or cord-nevers, is an audience that advertisers are eager to reach. FOX News Media operates a number of digital businesses, including FOX News Digital, which remains the most engaged brand in digital news (leading in total views, minutes spent and social interactions), along with the FOX Nation SVOD service, which offers U.S. consumers a variety of content (including original programming), and FOX Weather, which offers local, regional and national weather reporting in addition to live programming. Additionally, FOX Television Stations operates a portfolio of digital businesses, including the FLX (or FOX Local Extension) digital advertising platform and the LiveNOW from FOX, FOX Local Streams and FOX Soul FAST services, in addition to distributing its local news programming on Tubi and across a range of third-party platforms. FOX One, our wholly-owned, direct-to-consumer subscription streaming service, is expected to launch by the Fall of 2025 and expand the reach of our programming beyond FOX s existing footprint. Reportable Segments Cable Network Programming The Cable Network Programming segment produces and licenses news, business news and sports content for distribution through traditional and virtual MVPDs and other digital platforms, primarily in the U.S. The businesses in this segment include FOX News Media (which includes FOX News and FOX Business) and our primary cable sports programming networks FS1, FS2, the Big Ten Network and FOX Deportes. 4 The following table lists the Company s significant cable networks and the number of subscribers as estimated by Nielsen: As of June 30, 2025 2024 (in millions) FOX News Media Networks FOX News 61 67 FOX Business 60 65 FOX Sports Networks FS1 61 67 FS2 44 48 The Big Ten Network 42 45 FOX Deportes 10 12 FOX News Media . FOX News Media includes the FOX News and FOX Business networks and their related properties. For over 20 consecutive years, FOX News has been the top-rated national cable news channel in Monday to Friday primetime viewing. FOX News also finished the fiscal year as the #1 cable network in Monday to Friday primetime and total day viewing among total viewers for the tenth consecutive year. FOX Business is a business news national cable channel and was the #1 business network in business day among total viewers during fiscal 2025. FOX News also produces a weekend political commentary show, FOX News Sunday , for broadcast on the FOX Television Stations and stations affiliated with the FOX Network throughout the U.S. Additionally, FOX News Audio produces news updates, podcasts and long-form programs and licenses content to local radio stations and mobile, Internet and satellite radio providers. FS1 . FS1 is a multi-sport national network that features live events, including regular season and post-season MLB games, NASCAR, college football, college basketball, the FIFA Men s World Cup , Major League Soccer ( MLS ), the UFL, the Union of European Football Associations ( UEFA ) European Championship , UEFA Nations League, Concacaf and CONMEBOL soccer, INDYCAR, LIV Golf and horse racing. In addition to live events, FS1 offers daily studio shows featuring key talent, including Colin Cowherd and Nick Wright. FS2 . FS2 is a multi-sport national network that features live events, including NASCAR, collegiate sports, horse racing, rugby, soccer, motor sports and golf. FOX Sports Racing . FOX Sports Racing is a 24-hour video programming service consisting of motor sports programming, including National Hot Rod Association, motorcycle racing and horse racing. FOX Sports Racing is distributed to subscribers in Canada and the Caribbean. FOX Soccer Plus . FOX Soccer Plus is a premium video programming network that showcases exclusive live soccer and rugby competitions, including events from FIFA, UEFA, Concacaf, CONMEBOL, Saudi Pro League, Super Rugby League, Australian Football League and the National Rugby League. FOX Deportes . FOX Deportes is a Spanish-language sports programming service distributed in the U.S. FOX Deportes features coverage of a variety of sports events, including premier soccer (such as matches from MLS and Liga MX), the NFL NFC Championship and the Super Bowl , MLB (including regular season games, the National League Championship Series in alternating years and the All-Star and World Series games), NASCAR Cup Series, college football, INDYCAR and UFL. In addition to live events, FOX Deportes also features multi-sport news and highlight shows and daily studio programming. FOX Deportes is available to approximately 9.7 million cable and satellite households in the U.S., of which approximately 1.9 million are Hispanic. The Big Ten Network . The Big Ten Network is a 24-hour national video programming service dedicated to the collegiate Big Ten Conference and Big Ten athletics, academics and related programming. The Big Ten Network televises live collegiate events, including football games, regular-season and post-season men s and women s basketball games, and men s and women s Olympic events (including wrestling, volleyball and ice hockey), as well as a variety of studio shows and original programming. The Big Ten Network also owns and 5 operates B1G+, a subscription video streaming service that features live streams of non-televised sporting events, replays of televised and streamed events, and a large collection of classic games and original programming. The Company owns approximately 61% of the Big Ten Network. Digital Distribution . The Company s cable network programming is also distributed through FOX-branded websites, apps, podcasts and social media accounts and licensed for distribution through MVPDs websites and apps. The Company s websites and apps provide live and/or on-demand streaming of network-related programming primarily on an authenticated basis to allow video subscribers of the Company s participating distribution partners to view Company content via the Internet. These websites and apps include FOXNews.com, FOXBusiness.com, FOXWeather.com, FOXSports.com, FOXDeportes.com and OutKick.com, and the FOX News, FOX Business, FOX Weather, FOX Sports and FOX Deportes mobile apps. FOX News Media also operates direct-to-consumer services FOX Nation, an SVOD service that offers U.S. consumers a variety of content including original programming, and FOX Weather, a FAST service that offers local, regional and national weather reporting in addition to live programming. The Big Ten Network distributes live-streaming and video-on-demand programming through the B1G+ subscription video streaming service. The Company also distributes non-authenticated live-streaming and video-on-demand content, podcasts, as well as static visual content such as photography, artwork and graphical design across FOX, the Big Ten Network and Big Ten branded social media and third-party video and audio platforms. In addition, the Company expects to launch the FOX One direct-to-consumer subscription streaming service by the Fall of 2025. See Other below. Outkick Media . The Company owns Outkick Media, a digital media company focused on the intersection of sports, news and entertainment. Cable Network Programming Competition General . Cable network programming is a highly competitive business. Cable networks compete for content, distribution, viewers and advertisers with a variety of media, including broadcast television networks; cable television systems and networks; direct-to-consumer streaming and on-demand platforms and services; mobile, gaming and social media platforms; audio programming; and print and other media. Important competitive factors include the prices charged for programming, the quantity, quality and variety of programming offered, the accessibility of such programming, the ability to adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms, the quality of user experience and the effectiveness of marketing efforts. Competition for sales of advertising time is based primarily on the anticipated and actually delivered size and demographic characteristics of audiences as determined by various measurement services, price, the time of day when the advertising is to be broadcast, competition from other cable networks, broadcast networks, cable television systems, direct broadcast satellite television, social and digital media, and general economic conditions. Competition for audiences is based primarily on the selection of programming, the popularity and success of which depend on the reaction of the viewing public, which is often difficult to predict. FOX News Media . FOX News' primary competition comes from the broadcast networks' national news divisions and cable news networks such as CNN and MSNBC. FOX Business' primary competition comes from the cable networks CNBC and Bloomberg Television. FOX News and FOX Business also compete for viewers and advertisers within a broad spectrum of television networks, including other non-news cable networks, free-to-air broadcast television networks and direct-to-consumer streaming and on-demand platforms and services. FOX News and FOX Business also face competition online from CNN.com, NBCNews.com, NYTimes.com, CNBC.com, Bloomberg.com, Yahoo.com, The Wall Street Journal Online, YouTube, social media platforms and audio and podcast networks, among others. FOX Sports . A number of basic and pay television programming services, direct-to-consumer streaming services, and free-to-air stations and broadcast networks compete with FS1, FS2 and the Big Ten Network for sports programming rights, distribution, audiences and advertisers. On a national level, the primary competitors to FS1, FS2, and the Big Ten Network are ESPN, ESPN2, TNT, TBS, USA Network, CBS Sports Network and The CW Network; league-owned networks such as NFL Network, NHL Network, NBA TV and MLB Network; collegiate conference-specific networks such as the SEC Network and ACC Network; and direct-to-consumer streaming services such as ESPN+, YouTube, Peacock, Amazon Prime Video, Netflix, Apple TV+, Paramount+, HBO Max and Roku, among others. In regional markets, the Big Ten Network competes with regional sports networks, local broadcast television stations and other sports programming providers and distributors. 6 Television The Television segment produces, acquires, markets and distributes programming through the FOX broadcast network, the Tubi AVOD service, broadcast television stations and other digital platforms, primarily in the U.S. The segment also includes various production companies that produce content for the Company and third parties. The FOX Network The FOX Network is a premier national television broadcast network, renowned for disrupting legacy broadcasters with powerful sports programming and appealing primetime entertainment. The FOX Network regularly delivers 15 hours of weekly primetime programming to 209 local market affiliates, including 18 stations owned and operated by the Company, covering virtually every U.S. market, according to Nielsen. The FOX Network primetime lineup is intended to appeal primarily to the 18 to 49 year old audience, the demographic group that advertisers seek to reach most often, with particular success in the 18 to 34 year old audience. The FOX Network has ranked among the top two networks in the 18 to 34 year old audience for the past 30 broadcast seasons. During the 2024-2025 broadcast season, the FOX Network ranked #1 in the 18 to 49 and 18 to 34 year old audiences and #1 in the male 18 to 49 and 18 to 34 year old audiences (based on Nielsen s live+7 ratings). The median age of the FOX Network viewer is 56 years, as compared to 63 years for ABC, 64 years for CBS and 62 years for NBC. FOX Sports . A significant component of FOX Network programming consists of sports programming, with the FOX Network providing to its affiliates during the 2024-2025 broadcast season live coverage of the NFL, featuring America's Game of the Week . The FOX Network also provides live coverage of MLB (including the post-season and the World Series ), college football and basketball, MLS, the NASCAR Cup Series (including the Daytona 500 ), INDYCAR, LIV Golf and the UFL. In certain years, FOX Sports broadcasts the Super Bowl , the FIFA Men s World Cup , the Copa Am rica tournament and the UEFA European Championship . Effective with the 2023 NFL season, FOX Sports entered into an expanded 11-year media rights agreement with the NFL (subject to an NFL one-time termination right after the 2029 season) that extended FOX Sports' coverage of NFL games. FOX Entertainment . FOX Entertainment delivers high-quality scripted, unscripted, animated and live event content. FOX Entertainment primetime programming during the 2024-2025 broadcast season featured such scripted series as Doc, Alert: Missing Persons Unit and The Cleaning Lady , along with the FOX Entertainment-owned comedies Animal Control and Going Dutch ; animated series, including The Simpsons, Bob's Burgers, Family Guy and The Great North ; and unscripted series, such as the game show The Floor , Next Level Chef and Kitchen Nightmares from Studio Ramsay Global (FOX s co-owned production company with Gordon Ramsay), The Masked Singer, I Can See Your Voice, LEGO Masters, Special Forces: World s Toughest Test, Farmer Wants a Wife and investigative report specials from FOX-owned TMZ. During the 2024-2025 broadcast season, FOX Entertainment featured two of the season s top three debuts including the #1 Comedy Universal Basic Guys , along with television s three highest-rated and most watched cooking shows Next Level Chef, Hell s Kitchen and Kitchen Nightmares . The FOX Network obtains national sports programming through license agreements with professional or collegiate sports leagues or organizations, including long-term agreements with the NFL, MLB, college football and basketball conferences, NASCAR, FIFA, UEFA, Concacaf, CONMEBOL, INDYCAR and LIV Golf. Entertainment programming is obtained from major television studios, including 20th Television (formerly known as Twentieth Century Fox Television and which is owned by Disney), Sony Pictures Television and Warner Bros. Television, and independent television production companies pursuant to license agreements. The terms of these agreements generally provide the FOX Network with the right to acquire broadcast rights to a television series for a minimum of four seasons. Entertainment programming is also provided by the Company's in-house production companies described below. The FOX Network provides programming to affiliated stations and the right to broadcast network television programming on the affiliated stations in accordance with agreements of varying durations. Such agreements typically run three or more years and have staggered expiration dates. These affiliation agreements require affiliated stations to carry the FOX Network programming in all time periods in which the FOX Network programming is offered to those affiliated stations, subject to certain exceptions stated in the affiliation agreements. 7 Tubi Tubi is a leading AVOD service that is available on multiple digital platforms in the United States and select international regions. Tubi offers a content library of nearly 300,000 movies and television episodes from over 400 content partners, including every major Hollywood studio, and a growing number of new original titles. In fiscal 2025, Tubi expanded its content library through the premiere of over 70 new original titles. Tubi also features key FOX content, such as The Masked Singer and Next Level Chef , as well as live local and national news content and sports programming. In addition to its on-demand library, Tubi offers over 320 sports, entertainment and local news linear streaming channels. These include channels featuring FOX Entertainment s The Masked Singer , TMZ and Studio Ramsay Global s Gordon Ramsay and feeds from over 100 local television stations (including FOX s owned and operated stations), covering 78 DMAs and 23 of the top 25 markets. As of June 2025, Tubi is available on the vast majority of streaming platforms, including connected television devices, and online at www.tubitv.com. In fiscal 2025, the service generated approximately 11 billion hours of total view time (the total number of hours watched) and finished the fiscal year with approximately 2.2% of all television viewing according to Nielsen s The Gauge . Tubi enables the Company s advertising partners to access a substantial, incremental digital audience. Tubi s viewers are young, diverse and highly engaged, and the majority of its audience is classified as cord-cutters or cord-nevers. FOX Television Stations FOX Television Stations owns and operates 29 full power broadcast television stations, which deliver broadcast network content, local news and syndicated programming to viewers in 18 local markets. These include stations located in 14 of the top 15 largest DMAs and two stations (referred to as duopolies) in each of 11 DMAs, including the three largest DMAs (New York, Los Angeles and Chicago). In two of the duopoly markets, FOX Television Stations is internally channel sharing whereby both of its stations in the market operate using a single 6 MHz channel. Of the 29 full power broadcast television stations, 18 stations are affiliated with the FOX Network. These stations leverage viewer, distributor and advertiser demand for the FOX Network s national content. In addition, the FOX Network s strategy to deliver fewer hours of national content than other major broadcasters benefits stations affiliated with the FOX Network, which can utilize the flexibility in scheduling to offer expanded local news and other programming that viewers covet. Our 29 stations collectively produce over 1,350 hours of local news coverage every week. For a description of the programming offered to affiliates of the FOX Network, see The FOX Network. In addition, FOX Television Stations owns and operates 11 stations broadcasting programming from MyNetworkTV. FOX Television Stations also operates a portfolio of digital businesses. These include the FLX (or FOX Local Extension) digital advertising platform and digital distribution businesses, including the FOX Local Streams, LiveNOW from FOX and FOX Soul FAST services described below under the heading Digital Distribution. The following table lists certain information about each of the television stations owned and operated by FOX Television Stations. Unless otherwise noted, all stations are affiliates of the FOX Network. FOX Television Stations DMA/Rank Station Digital Channel RF (Virtual) Type Percentage of U.S. Television Households in the DMA (a) New York, NY 1 WNYW 27(5) UHF 6.0% WWOR-TV (b)(c) 25(9) UHF Los Angeles, CA* 2 KTTV 11(11) VHF 4.6% KCOP-TV (b) 13(13) VHF Chicago, IL* 3 WFLD 24(32) UHF 2.9% WPWR-TV (b)(d) 31(50) UHF Dallas, TX* 4 KDFW 35(4) UHF 2.6% KDFI (b) 27(27) UHF Philadelphia, PA* 5 WTXF-TV 31(29) UHF 2.5% Houston, TX* 6 KRIV 26(26) UHF 2.2% 8 DMA/Rank Station Digital Channel RF (Virtual) Type Percentage of U.S. Television Households in the DMA (a) KTXH (b) 19(20) UHF Atlanta, GA* 7 WAGA-TV 27(5) UHF 2.2% Washington, DC* 8 WTTG 36(5) UHF 2.1% WDCA (b)(e) 36(20) UHF San Francisco, CA* 10 KTVU 31(2) UHF 2.0% KICU-TV (b) 36(36) UHF Tampa, FL* 11 WTVT 12(13) VHF 1.8% Phoenix, AZ* 12 KSAZ-TV 10(10) VHF 1.7% KUTP (b) 26(45) UHF Seattle-Tacoma, WA* 13 KCPQ 13(13) VHF 1.7% KZJO (b) 36(22) UHF Detroit, MI* 14 WJBK 7(2) VHF 1.5% Orlando, FL* 15 WOFL 22(35) UHF 1.5% WRBW (b) 28(65) UHF Minneapolis, MN* (f) 16 KMSP-TV 9(9) VHF 1.5% WFTC (b) 29(29) UHF Austin, TX* 34 KTBC 7(7) VHF 0.8% Milwaukee, WI 38 WITI (g) 31(6) UHF 0.8% Gainesville, FL* 157 WOGX 31(51) UHF 0.1% TOTAL 38.5% Source: Nielsen, January 2025 * Denotes a market where stations are also broadcasting in the ATSC 3.0 "NextGenTV" standard in partnership with broadcasters in the applicable DMA through channel sharing arrangements or, in the case of KCOP-TV, KTXH and WRBW, each of those stations has made the conversion to and is broadcasting in the ATSC 3.0 standard. (a) VHF television stations transmit on Channels 2 through 13 and UHF television stations on Channels 14 through 36. The Federal Communications Commission (the FCC ) applies a discount (the UHF Discount"), which attributes only 50% of the television households in a local television market to the audience reach of a UHF television station for purposes of calculating whether that station s owner complies with the national station ownership cap imposed by FCC regulations and by statute; in making this calculation, only the station s RF Broadcast Channel is considered. In a duopoly market, both stations must be UHF for the discount to apply. In addition, the coverage of two commonly owned stations in the same market is counted only once. The percentages listed are rounded and do not take into account the UHF Discount. For more information regarding the FCC s national station ownership cap, see Government Regulation. (b) MyNetworkTV licensee station. (c) WWOR-TV hosts television station WRNN, New Rochelle, NY, licensed to WRNN License Company, LLC, an unrelated third party pursuant to a channel sharing agreement between FOX Television Stations and shared WRNN License Company, LLC. A portion of the spectrum formerly licensed to WWOR-TV is now shared with and licensed to WRNN. (d) WPWR-TV channel shares with WFLD. (e) WDCA channel shares with WTTG. (f) The Company also owns and operates full power station KFTC, Channel 26, Bemidji, MN as a satellite station of WFTC, Channel 29, Minneapolis, MN. Station KFTC is in addition to the 29 full power stations described in this section. 9 (g) WITI hosts television station WVCY, Milwaukee, WI, licensed to VCY America, Inc., an unrelated third party pursuant to a channel sharing agreement between WITI Television, LLC, the predecessor in interest of FOX Television Stations, and VCY America, Inc. A portion of the spectrum family licensed to WITI is now shared with and licensed to WVCY. Digital Distribution The Company s Television segment also distributes programming through FOX-branded websites, apps, podcasts and social media accounts and licenses programming for distribution through MVPDs websites and apps. The Company s websites and apps, which include FOX.com, FOXSports.com and TMZ.com and the FOX Sports and TMZ mobile apps, provide live and/or on-demand streaming of FOX Network shows and programming from broadcast stations affiliated with the FOX Network. Other digital properties offering Television segment programming and other content include Tubi and the TMZ FAST service. FOX Television Stations distributes content across websites and mobile apps associated with the stations, Tubi, a range of third-party platforms and FOX Television Station s FAST services. These services include LiveNOW from FOX, which offers live news coverage; FOX Local Streams, a group of FAST services that offer live and recorded content from 17 FOX-owned and operated local television stations; and FOX Soul, a service dedicated to the African American viewer that features original and syndicated programming. The Company s FAST services are distributed across multiple devices and platforms, including traditional and virtual MVPDs, Tubi, connected TV device platforms and other digital platforms. In addition, the Company expects to launch the FOX One direct-to-consumer subscription streaming service by the Fall of 2025. See Other below. FOX Entertainment Studios Through its FOX Entertainment Studios business, the Company produces entertainment programming for its own traditional and digital entertainment platforms, as well as for third parties. TMZ produces daily syndicated magazine programs, broadcast and other television specials, and other content for distribution on traditional and digital platforms, including FOX Television Stations, Tubi, FOX Nation and other digital platforms. The Company also operates a co-owned production company with Gordon Ramsay called Studio Ramsay Global that develops, produces and distributes culinary and lifestyle programming such as Next Level Chef and Next Level Baker for FOX, and other programs for global markets. FOX Alternative Entertainment develops and produces unscripted and alternative programming primarily for the FOX Network, including The Masked Singer, I Can See Your Voice and Name That Tune . Animation production company Bento Box Entertainment produces programming for cable and broadcast networks (including programming such as Krapopolis, Grimsburg, Universal Basic Guys, Bob's Burgers and The Great North that air on the FOX Network) and digital platforms. FOX Entertainment Global FOX Entertainment Global is FOX s wholly-owned sales and distribution business. FOX Entertainment Global engages in domestic and international sales and licenses of scripted and unscripted series and other programs owned or controlled by various FOX entities, as well as content owned by third parties that contract with FOX Entertainment Global for distribution. MyNetworkTV The programming distribution service, Master Distribution Service, Inc. (branded as MyNetworkTV), distributes two hours per night, Monday through Friday, of off-network programming from syndicators to its over 185 licensee stations, including 11 stations owned and operated by the Company, and is available to approximately 95% of U.S. households as of June 30, 2025. Competition The network television broadcasting business is highly competitive. The FOX Network (with respect to both its sports and entertainment programming), MyNetworkTV and Tubi compete for audiences, programming and advertising revenue with a variety of competing media, including other broadcast television networks; cable television systems and networks; direct-to-consumer streaming and on-demand platforms and services; mobile, gaming and social media platforms; audio programming; and print and other media. In addition, the FOX Network and MyNetworkTV compete with other broadcast networks and programming distribution services to secure affiliations or station agreements with independently owned television stations in markets across the U.S. ABC, NBC and CBS each broadcast a significantly greater number of hours of programming than the FOX 10 Network and, accordingly, may be able to designate or change time periods in which programming is to be broadcast with greater flexibility than the FOX Network. Technological developments are also continuing to affect competition within the broadcast television marketplace. Our entertainment programming production businesses compete with other content creators for creative talent, new content ideas, intellectual property and the distribution of their content. FOX Entertainment Global competes with other content licensors and sellers for the distribution of its content. Each of the stations owned and operated by FOX Television Stations also competes for advertising revenues with other television stations, radio and cable systems in its respective market area, along with other advertising media, including direct-to-consumer streaming and on-demand platforms and services; mobile, gaming and social media platforms; newspapers, magazines, outdoor advertising and direct mail. All of the stations owned and operated by FOX Television Stations are located in highly competitive markets. Additional factors that affect the competitive position of each of the television stations include management experience, authorized power and assigned frequency of that station. Competition for sales of broadcast advertising time is based primarily on the anticipated and actually delivered size and demographic characteristics of audiences as determined by various rating services, price, the time of day when the advertising is to be broadcast, competition from the other broadcast networks, cable television systems, direct broadcast satellite television, services and digital media and general economic conditions. Competition for audiences is based primarily on the selection of programming, the acceptance of which is dependent on the reaction of the viewing public, which is often difficult to predict. Other FOX Studio Lot FOX owns the FOX Studio Lot in Los Angeles, California. The historic lot is located on over 50 acres of land and has over 1.85 million square feet of space for both administration and production and post-production services available to service a wide array of industry clients, including 15 sound stages, theaters and screening rooms, editing rooms and other television and film production facilities. The FOX Studio Lot provides two primary revenue streams the lease of a portion of the office space to Disney and other third parties and the operation of studio facilities for third-party productions, which until March of 2026 are predominantly Disney productions. Credible The Company holds 66% of the equity in Credible Labs Inc. ( Credible ), which operates consumer finance and insurance marketplaces in the U.S. Credible s offerings provide consumers personalized product and rate options for a range of financial products, including student loans, personal loans, mortgages and insurance policies from multiple consumer lending and insurance providers. The put right held by the Credible minority interest shareholder was exercised in December 2024, and the put transaction is expected to be completed in the first half of fiscal 2026. FOX One In February 2025, FOX announced a wholly-owned, direct-to-consumer streaming service called FOX One, offering to subscribers live streaming and on-demand access to the full portfolio of FOX brands, including FOX News, FOX Sports, the FOX Network, the Big Ten Network, FOX Business, FOX Weather, FS1, FS2, FOX Deportes and FOX Television Stations. The service is expected to launch by the Fall of 2025 and expand the reach of the Company s programming beyond FOX s existing footprint. Investments Flutter The Company holds an equity interest in Flutter, an online sports betting and gaming company with operations in the U.S. and internationally. The Company owns approximately 4.3 million ordinary shares, which represents approximately 2.4% of Flutter as of June 30, 2025. In addition, FOX Sports holds a 10-year call option expiring in December 2030 to acquire an 18.6% equity interest in Flutter's majority-owned subsidiary, FanDuel Group ("FanDuel"), the exercise of which is subject to certain conditions and applicable gambling 11 regulatory approvals. As of June 30, 2025, the option exercise price is approximately $4.5 billion. FOX has no obligation to commit capital towards this opportunity unless and until it exercises the option. In addition, Flutter cannot pursue an initial public offering for FanDuel without FOX's consent or approval from the arbitrator who presided over a FOX-Flutter arbitration in 2021 and 2022. United Football League Launched in January 2024, the UFL is a professional spring football league that consists of eight teams playing a 40-game regular season schedule in addition to two playoff games and a championship game. FOX Sports and Disney/ESPN are the domestic distribution partners of the UFL games under multi-year rights agreements. As of June 30, 2025, the Company owns approximately 42% of the UFL. Government Regulation The Communications Act and FCC Regulation The television broadcast industry in the U.S. is highly regulated by federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various agencies, including the FCC. The FCC regulates television broadcasting, and certain aspects of the operations of cable, satellite and other electronic media that compete with broadcasting, pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the Communications Act ). The introduction of new laws and regulations or changes in the enforcement or interpretation of existing laws and regulations could have a negative impact on the operations, prospects and financial performance of the Company. Broadcast Licenses . The Communications Act permits the operation of television broadcast stations only in accordance with a license issued by the FCC upon a finding that the grant of the license would serve the public interest, convenience and necessity. The Company, through its subsidiaries, holds broadcast licenses in connection with its ownership and operation of television stations. Under the Communications Act, television broadcast licenses may be granted for a maximum term of eight years. Generally, the FCC renews broadcast licenses upon finding that the television station has served the public interest, convenience and necessity; there have been no serious violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or FCC rules and regulations; and there have been no other violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or FCC rules and regulations which, taken together, indicate a pattern of abuse. The next renewal cycle for FOX Television Stations FCC applications for its full power broadcast licenses will commence in June of 2028. One television station license from the previous renewal cycle is subject to an administrative appeal at the FCC. Ownership Regulations . Under the FCC s national television ownership rule, one party may own television stations with a collective national audience reach of not more than 39% of all U.S. television households, subject to the UHF discount. Under the UHF discount, a UHF television station is attributed with reaching only 50% of the television households in its market for purposes of calculating national audience reach. In December 2017, the FCC issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking pursuant to which it will consider modifying, retaining or eliminating the 39% national television audience reach limitation (including the UHF discount). In June of 2025, the FCC released a Public Notice seeking to refresh the record on whether to eliminate the national ownership cap. The Public Notice seeks public comment on, among other things, whether networks and broadcast affiliates should be treated differently for purposes of the national ownership cap. Depending on the outcome of this deregulation examination, the Company s ability to acquire television stations in additional markets may be affected. The Company is also subject to other communications laws and regulations relating to ownership. For example, FCC dual network rules prohibit any of the four major broadcast television networks FOX, ABC, CBS, and NBC from being under common ownership or control. In addition, under the Communications Act, no broadcast station licensees may be owned by a corporation if more than 25% of the corporation s stock is owned or voted by non-U.S. persons, their representatives or by any other corporation organized under the laws of a foreign country. This ownership limit can be waived if the FCC finds it to be in the public interest. The FCC could review the Company s compliance with the foreign ownership regulations in connection with its consideration of FOX Television Stations license renewal applications. The Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ) to take action to prevent, cure or mitigate the effect of stock ownership above the applicable foreign ownership threshold, including: refusing to permit any transfer of common stock to or ownership of common stock by a non-U.S. stockholder; 12 voiding a transfer of common stock to a non-U.S. stockholder; suspending rights of stock ownership if held by a non-U.S. stockholder; or redeeming common stock held by a non-U.S. stockholder. Must-Carry/Retransmission Consent . FCC regulations require each television broadcaster to elect, at three-year intervals, either to require carriage of its signal by traditional MVPDs in the station s market or to negotiate the terms through which that broadcast station would permit transmission of its signal by the traditional MVPDs within its market, which we refer to as retransmission consent. FOX Television Stations have historically elected retransmission consent for all of their owned and operated stations, and the Company has been compensated as a result. Children s Programming . Federal legislation limits the amount of commercial matter that may be broadcast during programming originally designed for children 12 years of age and younger to 10 minutes per hour during the weekend and 12 minutes per hour during the week. In addition, FCC regulations generally require television stations to broadcast a minimum of three hours per week of programming, which, among other requirements, must serve, as a significant purpose, the educational and informational needs of children 16 years of age and under. Under FCC rules, one of the three hours per week may air on a television station s multicast stream(s); the other two hours must air on the primary programming stream. A television station found not to have complied with the programming requirements or commercial limitations could face sanctions, including monetary fines and the possible non-renewal of its license. Program Regulation . The FCC also regulates the content of broadcast, cable network, and other video programming. The FCC prohibits broadcasters from airing obscene material at any time and indecent or profane material between 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. The FCC also monitors compliance relating to political advertising, identification of program sponsors and the use and integrity of the Emergency Alert System. In addition, FCC regulations require the closed captioning of almost all broadcast and/or cable programming, as well as certain programming in the U.S. delivered by internet protocol. Broadcast television stations in certain markets that are affiliated with one of the four major U.S. broadcast networks must also provide a certain amount of programming every quarter that includes audio-narrated description of a program s key visual elements that make the program accessible to blind and low-vision viewers. Commercials embedded in our networks television content stream also must adhere to certain standards for ensuring that those commercials are not transmitted at louder volumes than our program material. Advertising Regulation . The Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, has increased its focus on unfair and deceptive advertising practices, particularly with respect to social media marketing. Both FCC and FTC rules and guidance require marketers to clearly and conspicuously disclose whenever there has been payment for a marketing message or when there is a material connection between an advertiser and a product endorser. Additionally, a number of states have recently introduced or passed legislation as it relates to disclosures of the use of artificial intelligence ( AI ) in political advertising. The disclosure and record retention requirements for AI in political advertising vary greatly by state. Broadcast Affiliation . In addition, FCC regulations govern various aspects of the agreements between networks and affiliated broadcast stations, including a mandate that television broadcast station licensees retain the right to reject or refuse network programming in certain circumstances or to substitute programming that the licensee reasonably believes to be of greater local or national importance. Broadcast Transmission Standard . In November 2017, the FCC adopted rules to permit television broadcasters to voluntarily broadcast using the Next Generation broadcast television transmission standard developed by the Advanced Television Systems Committee, Inc., also referred to as ATSC 3.0 or NEXTGEN TV . FOX Television Stations is actively building out ATSC 3.0 facilities and is participating in various ATSC 3.0 testing with other broadcasters, but it is too early to predict the impact of this technical standard on the Company's operations. In June 2020, the FCC adopted a Declaratory Ruling and Notice of Proposed Rulemaking declaring that local and national ownership restrictions do not apply to non-video services. In June 2023, the FCC issued a Report and Order that extended the simulcast requirement for ATSC 1.0 and ATSC 3.0 signals to July 2027. In early 2025, the National Association of Broadcasters filed a petition seeking an end of the simulcast requirements and a hard transition deadline to ATSC 3.0 standard. This proceeding may impact the roll out of both video and non-video ATSC 3.0 services. 13 Violation of FCC regulations can result in substantial monetary forfeitures, periodic reporting conditions, short-term license renewals and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of license. Violation of FTC-imposed obligations can result in enforcement actions, litigation, consent decrees and, ultimately, substantial monetary fines. Privacy and Information Regulation The laws and regulations governing the collection, use, retention and transfer of consumer information are complex and rapidly evolving, particularly as they relate to the Company's digital businesses. Federal and state laws and regulations affecting the Company s online services, websites and other business activities include: the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act, which prohibits websites and online services from collecting personally identifiable information online from children under age 13 without prior parental consent; the Video Privacy Protection Act, which prohibits the knowing disclosure of information that identifies a person as having requested or obtained specific video materials from a video tape service provider; the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, which restricts certain marketing communications, such as text messages and calls, without explicit consent; the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which regulates the collection, handling, disclosure and use of certain personal information by companies that offer consumers financial products or services, imposes notice obligations and provides certain individual rights regarding the use and disclosure of certain information; and the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ) (as amended by the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act ( CPRA )), which imposes broad obligations on the collection, use, handling and disclosure of personal information of California residents. For example, subject to certain exceptions, the CCPA provides individual rights for Californians, such as the right to access, delete, correct, and restrict the sale or sharing of personal information, including in connection with targeted advertising. Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah have similar privacy laws that became effective in 2023. A number of privacy and data security bills and regulations that address the collection, retention, disclosure, and use of personal information, breach notification requirements and cybersecurity that would impose additional obligations on businesses, including in connection with targeted advertising, are pending or have been adopted at the state and federal level. More than a dozen other states have passed or introduced similar privacy legislation. In addition, the FTC and state attorneys general and other regulators have made privacy and data security an enforcement focus. Other federal and state laws and regulations that could impact our businesses also have been or may be adopted, such as those relating to minors, tailored advertising and its measurement, and oversight of user-generated content, as well as U.S. national security restrictions regarding the transfer of certain U.S. data, such as the Preventing Access to U.S. Sensitive Personal Data and Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern or Covered Persons Rule issued by the U.S. Department of Justice. In addition, certain international and federal laws and all 50 states have data breach notification legislation that require businesses to notify individuals and government agencies in the event of unauthorized access or exfiltration of certain personal information. Foreign jurisdictions also have implemented and continue to introduce new privacy and data security laws and regulations, which apply to certain of the Company s operations. It is possible that our current data protection policies and practices may be deemed inconsistent with new legal requirements or interpretations thereof and could result in the violation of these new laws and regulations. The EU General Data Protection Regulation, in particular, regulates the collection, use and security of personal data and restricts the trans-border flow of such data. Other countries, including the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, China, and Mexico, also have enacted data protection legislation. The Company monitors and considers these laws and regulations, particularly with respect to the design and operation of digital content services and legal and regulatory compliance programs. There may be changes in laws and regulations or judicial or regulators interpretation or enforcement thereof and regulatory agencies may change their priorities or activities with respect to such laws and regulations. Any of these could result in increased compliance costs, claims, changes to business practices, including with respect to tailored advertising, or otherwise impact the Company s business. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in significant monetary fines and other penalties, private litigation, require us to expend significant resources to defend, remedy and/or address, harm our reputation or subject us to increased scrutiny from regulators or stakeholders, even if we are not ultimately responsible for the violation. 14 Consumer Finance Laws and Regulations Credible operates consumer finance and insurance marketplaces that market and provide services in heavily regulated industries across the United States. As a result, Credible is subject to a variety of federal and state laws and regulations. These include the laws and regulations governing the collection, use and transfer of consumer information described above and the following: the Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, or RESPA, and similar state laws, and federal and state unfair and deceptive acts and practices, or UDAAP, laws and regulations, which place restrictions on the manner in which consumer loans and insurance products are marketed and originated and the amount and nature of fees that may be charged or paid to Credible by lenders, insurance carriers and real estate professionals; the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which, among other things, imposes requirements related to mortgage disclosures; and federal and state licensing laws, such as the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008, or SAFE Act, which establishes minimum standards for the licensing and regulation of mortgage loan originators, and state insurance licensing laws. Intellectual Property The Company s intellectual property assets include copyrights in television and other programming, other publications, websites, digital properties and technologies; trademarks, trade dress, service marks, logos, slogans, sound marks, design rights, symbols, characters, names, titles and trade names, domain names; patents or patent applications for inventions related to its products, business methods and/or services, trade secrets and know how; and licenses of intellectual property rights of various kinds. The Company derives value from these assets through the production, distribution and/or licensing of its programming to third-party distributors, the operation of websites and other digital properties, and through the sale of products, such as collectible merchandise, apparel, books and publications, among others. The Company devotes significant resources to protecting its intellectual property, relying on a combination of copyright, trademark, unfair competition, patent, trade secret and other laws and contract provisions. There can be no assurance of the degree to which these measures will be successful in any given case. Policing unauthorized use of the Company s products and services and related intellectual property is often difficult, and the steps taken by the Company may not in every case prevent the infringement. The Company seeks to limit that threat through a combination of approaches, including offering legitimate market alternatives, deploying digital rights management technologies, asserting infringement claims, and by pursuing takedowns and/or monetization of Company content uploaded to the Internet by third parties without Company authorization. Piracy, including in the digital environment, continues to present a threat to revenues from products and services based on intellectual property. Third parties may challenge the validity or scope of the Company s intellectual property from time to time, and such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of the Company s intellectual property rights. Even if not valid, such claims may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources that could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations. The legal landscape for new technologies, including AI, remains uncertain, and development of the law in this area could negatively impact the Company s ability to protect against unauthorized third-party infringing uses or result in intellectual property infringement claims against the Company. Human Capital Resources Our workforce is the creative, strategic and operational engine of FOX s success, and we are committed to developing and supporting our employees by offering competitive compensation and benefits, fostering a healthy work-life balance, providing growth and development opportunities, fostering workplace civility and inclusion and encouraging our employees to have an impact in their communities. As of June 30, 2025, we had approximately 10,400 full-time employees. In the ordinary course of our business and consistent with industry practice, we also employ freelance and temporary workers who provide important production and broadcast support services. The vast majority of our workforce is based in the United 15 States, and a portion is unionized. Our Employment Information Report (EEO-1) is available on our website at www.foxcorporation.com . FOX s Corporate Social Responsibility Report, also posted on our website at www.foxcorporation.com , provides a detailed review of our human capital programs and achievements. Our key human capital initiatives include: Employee Compensation and Benefits We are proud to invest in our people through competitive pay and comprehensive benefits designed to attract, motivate and retain our talent. Full-time employees and their family members are eligible for medical insurance, and eligible employees may participate in flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, and qualified transportation expense accounts. We also provide employees with a health advocate service. Eligible employees receive paid time-off programs, including vacation and sick and safe time, benefits such as life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, salary replacement for up to 26 weeks of short-term disability, basic long-term disability insurance, charitable gift matching, and an employee assistance program that offers onsite counseling in our New York and Los Angeles worksites. The FOX 401(k) Savings Plan provides employees with a company contribution, and it offers a company match, Roth and post-tax contribution options and catch-up contributions. Freelance employees who work a minimum number of hours are also eligible for a medical, dental and vision plan, as well as the 401(k) savings plan and health advocate service. Employee Wellness and Workplace Flexibility We believe offering our employees the tools necessary for a healthy work-life balance and overall wellness empowers them to thrive in our modern workforce. We have a robust parental leave policy, our workplaces have lactation rooms for our new mothers, and we offer onsite subsidized childcare to full-time Los Angeles employees and up to 40 days of backup child, adult, elder and return-to-work care. FOX maintains a partnership with the National Alliance on Mental Illness to provide additional mental health resources to employees, including courses on strategies to build resilience, maintain mental well-being and protect against workplace burnout. Learning and Development FOX offers employees multiple learning and development programs, including tuition reimbursement, management and leadership development, online and on-demand e-learning, live webinars and assessment tools. We deliver specialized training on the First Amendment, defamation, privacy, infringement and other newsgathering and reporting topics to educate employees on these principles and provide advice on best practices. Additionally, FOX has established and put into action numerous early career training initiatives aimed at equipping promising individuals with vital job skills and career advancement opportunities. The award-winning FOX Internship Program offers students an exciting opportunity to gain practical experience, participating in real-world projects and seminars on the media industry, technology and professional development. Workplace Civility and Inclusion Trust begins in the workplace every single day. We are committed to fostering a working environment of trust for our colleagues, in which people do their best work. Harassment, discrimination, retaliation and threats to health and safety all undermine our working environment of trust and make it harder for people to excel. Therefore, it is our policy to provide a safe work environment free from this or any other unlawful conduct. Creating and maintaining an environment free of discrimination and harassment begins at the highest leadership level of the Company and we have focused on embedding this commitment throughout our policies and practices. The FOX Standards of Business Conduct and the Preventing Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation Policy, which are posted on our website, create our framework for addressing complaints and taking remedial measures as needed. In addition, all new hires must complete training on the Preventing Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation Policy, as well as compliance and business ethics, and existing employees must complete the training periodically. FOX also has several employee-driven Employee Resource Groups ( ERGs ) formed around encouraging a more respectful workplace community and fostering a sense of belonging. All FOX colleagues are welcome to join or participate in any or multiple ERGs. Community Impact Through FOX Forward, our corporate social responsibility program, we strategically invest in causes that align with FOX, our employees and our audience in an effort to create a positive impact in local communities. 16 Our primary areas of focus include serving veterans and active military members; expanding educational access for underserved students; and providing critical assistance to disaster-affected individuals. 17 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Prospective investors should consider carefully the risk factors set forth below before making an investment in the Company s securities. Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions, Our Business and Our Industry Changes in consumer behavior and evolving technologies and distribution platforms and offerings continue to challenge existing business models and may adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. The ways in which consumers view content and technology and business models in our industry continue to rapidly evolve. New distribution platforms and offerings, increased competition from new entrants and emerging technologies have added to the complexity of maintaining predictable revenue streams. Technological advancements have driven changes in consumer behavior as consumers now have more control over when, where and how they consume content and have increased advertisers' options for reaching their target audiences. Consumer preferences have evolved toward direct-to-consumer offerings such as SVOD, AVOD and FAST services. An increasing number of FAST and SVOD services that have introduced advertising-supported tiers has intensified competition for digital advertising and may continue to do so in the future. In addition, the increasing use of time-shifting and advertising-skipping technologies that enable viewers to fast-forward or circumvent advertisements impacts the attractiveness of the Company's programming to advertisers and may adversely affect its advertising revenues. Other new technological developments are rapidly evolving in our industry such as the development and use of generative AI, including large language model applications, and the advantages and risks associated with its use are largely uncertain. Changes in consumer behavior and technology have also had an adverse impact on MVPDs that deliver the Company's broadcast and cable networks to consumers. Consumers increasing viewership through direct-to-consumer offerings has contributed to industry-wide declines in subscribers to MVPD services over the last several years. These declines are expected to continue and possibly accelerate in the future. If consumers increasingly favor alternative offerings over MVPD subscriptions, the Company may continue to experience a decline in viewership and demand for the programming on its networks. The Company s affiliate fee and advertising revenues have been negatively impacted by these trends, and these negative effects could continue and accelerate in the future. Changing distribution models may also negatively impact the Company's ability to negotiate affiliation agreements on favorable terms, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. Our affiliate fee and advertising revenues also may be adversely affected by consumers' use of antennas (and their integration with set-top boxes or other consumer devices) to access broadcast signals to avoid subscriptions. To remain competitive in this evolving environment, the Company must effectively anticipate and adapt to new market changes. The Company continues to focus on investing in and expanding its digital distribution offerings and direct engagement with consumers, including through Tubi, FOX Nation, FOX Weather and other offerings such as the FOX One direct-to-consumer subscription streaming service expected to launch by the Fall of 2025. However, if the Company fails to effectively safeguard and monetize the value of its content while responding to, and developing new technologies and business models to take advantage of, technological developments and consumer preferences, it could have a significant adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and declines in advertising expenditures have caused, and could continue to cause, the Company s revenues and operating results to decline significantly in any given period or in specific markets. FOX s advertising revenues have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by factors such as changes in consumer behavior, advertising market conditions and deficiencies in audience measurement, and they vary substantially due to cyclical sports events and elections. The evolution of consumer preferences toward direct-to-consumer streaming offerings and other digital products and the increasing number of entertainment choices has intensified audience fragmentation and reduced viewership through traditional linear distribution models. This has caused ratings and viewership declines for television networks, including some of our networks. These changes have also given rise to new 18 ways of purchasing advertising, as well as a general shift in advertising expenditures toward streaming and other digital offerings, some of which may not be as beneficial to us as traditional advertising methods. In addition, increased digital advertising available in the marketplace due to the proliferation of advertising-supported direct-to-consumer offerings has intensified, and may continue to intensify, competition for viewers and advertising. Periods of economic weakness also could accelerate industry-wide shifts in advertising expenditures from linear to digital advertising. There can be no assurance that we can successfully navigate the evolving digital advertising market or that the digital advertising revenues we generate will offset the declines in advertising revenues generated by our traditional linear networks. The strength of the advertising market can fluctuate in response to the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, advertisers' spending priorities and the economy in general or the economy of an individual geographic market as described further below. Our ability to generate advertising revenue also depends on demand for our content, the viewers in our targeted demographics, advertising rates, targeting capabilities, results observed by advertisers, the perceived effectiveness of our advertising offerings and alternative advertising options. In addition, factors such as terrorist acts, wars, political uncertainties and hostilities, natural and other disasters and widespread health emergencies can also negatively impact advertising revenues. Major sports events, such as the NFL s Super Bowl and the FIFA World Cup and the state, congressional and presidential election cycles also may cause the Company's advertising revenues to vary substantially from year to year. Political advertising expenditures are impacted by the ability and willingness of candidates and political action campaigns to raise and spend funds on advertising and the competitive nature of the elections affecting viewers in markets featuring our programming. Advertising sales also largely depend on audience measurement and could be negatively affected if measurement methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. Although Nielsen s statistical sampling method is the primary measurement methodology used for our linear television advertising sales, we measure and monetize our digital platforms based on a combination of internal and third-party data, including demographic composite estimates. The industry is transitioning to a multiplatform measurement environment in an effort to more completely measure viewership and advertising across linear and digital platforms, but has not yet established a consistent, broadly accepted measure of multiplatform audiences. Although we expect multiplatform measurement innovation and standards to benefit us as the advertising market continues to evolve and are actively working to improve our internal measurement capabilities, we are still largely dependent on third parties to provide these solutions. Declines in advertising revenues may also be caused by regulatory intervention or other third-party action that impacts where and when advertising may be placed. If negative impacts on advertising revenues continue or accelerate, they could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations. Because the Company derives a significant portion of its revenues from a limited number of distributors, the failure to enter into or renew affiliation and carriage agreements on favorable terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company depends on affiliation and carriage arrangements that enable it to reach a large percentage of households through MVPDs and third party-owned television stations. There can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed in the future, or renewed on favorable terms, including terms related to pricing, programming tiers and bundles, and the types of rights we grant distributors. The inability to enter into or renew MVPD arrangements on favorable terms, or at all, or the loss of carriage on MVPDs most widely distributed programming tiers or their targeted, genre-focused programming tiers (sometimes referred to as skinny bundles ) could reduce the distribution of the Company s owned and operated television stations and broadcast and cable networks, which could adversely affect the Company s revenues from affiliate fees and its ability to sell national and local advertising time. The loss of favorable MVPD packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities could also negatively impact the Company s revenues from affiliate fees. Consolidation among MVPDs, their increased vertical integration into the cable or broadcast network business or their use of alternative technologies to offer their subscribers access to local broadcast network programming could increase their negotiating leverage. Competitive pressures faced by MVPDs, particularly in light of evolving consumer viewing patterns and distribution models, could adversely affect the terms of our contract renewals with MVPDs. In addition, our strategic initiatives could negatively impact our ability to renew our MVPD 19 agreements on terms that are favorable to all our networks. If the Company and an MVPD reach an impasse in contract renewal negotiations, the Company's networks and owned and operated television stations could become unavailable to the MVPD s subscribers (i.e., go dark ), which, depending on the length of time and the size of the MVPD, could have a negative impact on the Company's revenues from affiliate fees and advertising. The Company also depends on the maintenance of affiliation agreements and license agreements with third party-owned television stations to distribute the FOX Network and MyNetworkTV in markets where the Company does not own television stations. Consolidation among television station group owners could increase their negotiating leverage and reduce the number of available distribution partners. There can be no assurance that these affiliation and license agreements will be renewed in the future on terms favorable to the Company, or at all. The inability to enter into affiliation or licensing arrangements with third-party owned television stations on favorable terms could reduce distribution of the FOX Network and MyNetworkTV and the inability to enter into such affiliation or licensing arrangements for the FOX Network on favorable terms could adversely affect the Company's affiliate fee revenues and its ability to sell national advertising time. In addition, the Company has arrangements through which it makes its content available for viewing through third-party online video platforms. If these arrangements are not renewed on favorable or commercially reasonable terms or at all, it could adversely affect the Company's revenues and results of operations. If the number of subscribers to MVPD services continues to decline or such declines accelerate, the Company s affiliate fee and advertising revenues could be negatively affected. As described above, changes in technology and consumer behavior have contributed to industry-wide declines in the number of subscribers to MVPD services over the last several years, which have had a negative impact on the number of subscribers to the Company s networks. These industry-wide subscriber declines are expected to continue and possibly accelerate in the future. The majority of the Company s affiliation agreements with MVPDs are multi-year contracts that provide for payments to the Company that are based in part on the number of MVPD subscribers covered by the agreement. If declines in the number of MVPD subscribers are not fully offset by affiliate rate increases, the Company s affiliate fee revenues will be negatively affected. Because MVPD subscriber losses could also decrease the potential audience for the Company s networks, which is a critical factor affecting both the pricing and volume of advertising, future MVPD subscriber declines could also adversely impact the Company s advertising revenues. The Company is exposed to risks associated with weak economic conditions and increased volatility and disruption in the financial markets. Prevailing economic conditions and the state of the financial markets affect various aspects of our business. Factors that have affected and could in the future affect economic and financial conditions include actual or perceived uncertainty about economic stability (including taxes and tariffs) and social and political uncertainties and conflicts, changes in consumer confidence, recession, high inflation, declining economic growth, diminished availability of credit, higher interest rates, unemployment rates and changes in consumer spending habits. Weak economic conditions have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, reduced advertising expenditures due to a weak economy can negatively impact our advertising revenues, and increasing inflation raises our labor and other costs required to operate our business. Increased volatility and weakness in the financial markets, the further tightening of credit markets or a decrease in our debt ratings assigned by ratings agencies could adversely affect our ability to cost-effectively refinance outstanding indebtedness or obtain new financing. The Company also faces risks associated with the impact of weak economic conditions and disruption in the financial markets on third parties with which the Company does business, including advertisers, affiliates, suppliers, wholesale distributors, retailers, lenders, insurers, vendors, retailers, banks and others. For instance, the inability of the Company s counterparties to obtain capital on acceptable terms could impair their ability to perform under their agreements with the Company and lead to negative effects on the Company, including business disruptions, decreased revenues and increases in bad debt expenses. 20 There can be no assurance that weakening of economic conditions or volatility or disruption in the financial markets will not occur. If they do, it could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. The Company operates in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive industry. The Company competes with other companies for high-quality content, talent, audiences, advertisers expenditures and distribution. The Company s ability to compete effectively depends on a number of factors, including our ability to consistently offer popular content, successfully adapt to evolving technologies and distribution platforms and offerings, and maintain widespread distribution of our content. Increased competition in the acquisition of programming may affect the scope of rights we are able to acquire and the cost of such rights, and the future value of the rights we acquire or retain cannot be predicted with certainty. The composition of our competitors has evolved in recent years with the entrance of new participants, including companies in adjacent sectors with significant financial, marketing and other resources, greater efficiencies of scale, fewer regulatory burdens and more competitive pricing. These competitors could also have preferential access to competitive information such as customer data or important technologies such as generative AI technologies, including large language model applications. Generative AI may enable new competitors to rapidly produce large volumes of content and replicate or imitate our proprietary content without authorization, attribution or compensation. This could dilute the value of our content, reduce audience engagement or lead to negative impacts on our revenues. In addition, our ability to compete could be negatively affected if our efforts to enhance the value of our offerings with these technologies are not successful. Our competitors also include companies with interests in multiple media and entertainment businesses that are vertically integrated. The media and entertainment industry is undergoing a period of rapid and significant change, with several industry participants in the midst of transformative transactions that may further complicate the competitive environment. Industry consolidation and alliances among industry participants have also increased, and may continue to do so, intensifying competitive pressures. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or potential competitors or that competition in the marketplace will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. Acceptance of the Company's content by the public is difficult to predict, which could lead to fluctuations in or adverse impacts on revenues. Programming distribution is a speculative business since the revenues derived from the distribution of content depend primarily on its acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. Low public acceptance of the Company's content will adversely affect the Company s results of operations. The commercial success of our programming also depends on the quality and acceptance of other competing programming, the growing number of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure activities, general economic conditions and their effects on consumer spending and other tangible and intangible factors, all of which can change and cannot be predicted with certainty. Moreover, we must often invest substantial amounts in programming and the acquisition of sports rights before we learn the extent to which the content will earn consumer acceptance and, as described below, competition for popular content, particularly sports and entertainment programming, is intense. A decline in the ratings or popularity of the Company s news, sports or entertainment programming or the Company's failure to obtain or retain rights to popular content could adversely affect the Company s advertising revenues in the near term and, over a longer period of time, its affiliate fee revenues. Our business depends on the popularity of special sports events and the continued popularity of the sports leagues and teams for which we have programming rights. Our sports business depends on the popularity and success of the sports franchises, leagues and teams for which we have acquired broadcast and cable network programming rights. If a sports league declines in popularity or fails to generate fan enthusiasm, this may negatively impact our sports programming viewership and advertising and affiliate fee revenues. Our operating results may be impacted in part by special events, such as the NFL s Super Bowl , which is broadcast on the FOX Network on a rotating basis with other networks, and the FIFA World Cup , which occurs every four years, and other regular and post-season sports events that air on our networks. Our advertising and affiliate fee revenues are subject to fluctuations based on the dates of 21 sports events and their availability for viewing on our networks and the popularity of the competing teams. For example, any decrease in the number of post-season games played in a sports league for which we have acquired broadcast programming rights, or the participation of a smaller-market sports franchise in post-season competition could result in lower advertising revenues for the Company. There can be no assurance that any sports league will continue to generate fan enthusiasm or provide the expected number of regular and post-season games for advertisers and customers, and the failure to do so could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. A shortfall in the expected popularity of the sports events for which the Company has acquired rights or in the volume of sports programming the Company expects to distribute could adversely affect the Company s advertising revenues in the near term and, over a longer period of time, its affiliate fee revenues. The inability to renew programming rights, particularly sports programming rights, on sufficiently favorable terms, or at all, could cause the Company s advertising and affiliate fee revenues to decline significantly in any given period or in specific markets. We enter into long-term contracts for both the acquisition and distribution of media programming and products, including contracts for the acquisition of programming rights for sports events and other content, and contracts for the distribution of our programming to content distributors. Programming rights agreements, retransmission consent agreements, carriage contracts and affiliation agreements have varying durations and renewal terms that are subject to negotiation with other parties, the outcome of which is unpredictable. The negotiation of programming rights agreements for popular licensed programming, and popular licensed sports programming in particular, is complicated by the intensity of competition for these rights. An increasing number of companies bidding for sports programming in recent years has also driven increases in the cost of such programming. Moreover, the value of these agreements may be negatively affected by factors outside of our control, such as league agreements and decisions to alter the number, frequency and timing of regular and post-season games played during a season. We may be unable to renew existing, or enter into new, programming rights agreements on terms that are favorable to us and we may be outbid by third parties and therefore unable to obtain the rights at all. The loss of rights or renewal on less favorable terms could negatively impact the quality or quantity of our programming, in particular our sports programming, and could adversely affect our advertising and affiliate fee revenues. These revenues could also be negatively impacted if we do not obtain exclusive rights to the programming we distribute. Our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a sports programming agreement depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, our audience size, the timing and amount of our rights payments and our ability to secure distribution from and impose surcharges or obtain carriage on MVPDs for the content. If escalations in programming rights costs (together with our production and distribution costs) are not offset by increases in advertising and affiliate fee revenues, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Damage to our brands, particularly the FOX brand, or our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our brands, particularly the FOX brand, are among our most valuable assets. We believe our brand image, awareness and reputation strengthen our relationship with consumers and contribute significantly to the success of our business. Maintaining, enhancing and extending our brands may require us to make significant investments in marketing, programming or new products, services or events, and these investments may not be successful. We may introduce new programming that is not popular with our consumers and advertisers, which may negatively affect our brands. To the extent our content is not compelling to consumers, it may adversely impact our ability to maintain a positive reputation. The Company s brands, credibility and reputation have been impacted from time to time, and could be damaged in the future, by incidents that erode consumer, advertiser or business partner trust or a perception that the Company s offerings, including its journalism, programming and other content, are low quality, unreliable or fail to attract and retain audiences. For example, the manipulation of content by bad actors, including the creation of deep fakes (videos created with AI to realistically impersonate persons such as journalists or political candidates), could erode audience trust by making it difficult to determine what is real. FOX s brands, credibility and reputation also could be adversely impacted if AI tools misattribute incorrect information to the Company or if the Company s use of AI in its own products and services produces content, information, analyses or recommendations that are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, biased, harmful, discriminatory, an intellectual property infringement, a violation of privacy rights or otherwise problematic. Additionally, litigation, governmental scrutiny and fines and significant negative claims or publicity regarding the Company or its operations, content, products, management, employees, practices, advertisers, business 22 partners and culture, including individuals associated with content we create or license, may damage the Company's reputation and brands, even if meritless or untrue. To the extent our marketing, cybersecurity, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative consumer reaction, our ability to maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. If we are not successful in maintaining or enhancing the image or awareness of our brands, or if our reputation is harmed for any reason, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Acquisitions, investments and other strategic initiatives present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals we had contemplated, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have acquired and invested in, and expect to continue acquiring and investing in, new businesses, products, services, technologies and other strategic initiatives to complement, enhance or expand our current businesses or