=== DLR_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion. Utilizing our innovative modular data center design, we deliver what we believe to be a technically superior data center environment at significant cost savings and reduced time frames. Our access to capital and investment-grade ratings allow us to provide data center solutions for customers who do not want to invest their own capital. Our Investment Approach We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating acquisitions and investments, including income-producing properties as well as vacant buildings and land suitable for development, to ensure that they meet our strategic, financial, technical and other criteria. These procedures, together with our in-depth knowledge of the technology, data center and real estate industries, allow us to identify strategically located properties and evaluate investment opportunities efficiently and, as appropriate, commit and close quickly. Our investment-grade ratings, along with our broad network of contacts within the data center industry, enable us to effectively capitalize on acquisition and investment opportunities. Our Management Team and Organization Our senior management team has many years of experience in the technology and/or real estate industries, including experience as investors in and advisors to technology companies. We believe that our senior management team s extensive knowledge of both the technology and the real estate industries provides us with a key competitive advantage. Further, a significant portion of compensation for our senior management team and directors is in the form of common equity interests in our Company. We also maintain minimum stock ownership requirements for our senior management team and directors, further aligning their interests with those of external stockholders, as well as an employee stock purchase plan, which encourages our employees to have ownership in the Company. Our Business and Growth Strategies Our primary business objectives are to maximize: (i) sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, (ii) cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our Operating Partnership s unitholders through the payment of dividends and distributions and (iii) return on invested capital. We expect to accomplish these objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. Superior Risk-Adjusted Returns . We believe that achieving appropriate risk-adjusted returns on our business, including on our development pipeline and leasing transactions, will deliver superior stockholder returns. We may continue to build out our development pipeline when justified by anticipated returns. We have established robust internal guidelines for reviewing and approving leasing transactions, which we believe will drive risk-adjusted returns. We also believe that providing an even stronger value proposition to our customers, including new and more comprehensive product offerings, as well as continuing to improve operational efficiencies, will further drive improved returns for our business. 7 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Prudently Allocate Capital . We believe that the strategic deployment of capital at sufficiently positive spreads above our cost of capital enables us to increase cash flow and create long-term stockholder value. Strategic and Complementary Investments. We have developed significant expertise at underwriting, financing and executing data center investment opportunities. We employ a collaborative approach to deal analysis, risk management and asset allocation, focusing on key elements, such as market fundamentals, accessibility to fiber and power, and the local regulatory environment. In addition, the specialized nature of data centers makes these investment opportunities more difficult for traditional real estate investors to underwrite, resulting in reduced competition for investments relative to other property types. We believe this dynamic creates an opportunity for us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns on our capital. Preserve the Flexibility of Our Balance Sheet. We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure. Our goal is to average through business cycles the following financial ratios: 1) a debt-to-Adjusted EBITDA ratio of 5.5x, 2) a fixed charge coverage of greater than three times, and 3) floating rate debt at less than 20% of total outstanding debt. In addition, we strive to maintain a well-laddered debt maturity schedule, and we seek to maximize the menu of our available sources of capital, while minimizing the cost. Since Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s initial public offering in 2004, we have raised approximately $81 billion (including approximately $3.4 billion of private capital and $4.8 billion of equity capital raised from the beginning of 2024 through December 31, 2025) of capital through common (excluding forward contracts), preferred and convertible preferred equity offerings, exchangeable debt offerings, non-exchangeable bond offerings, our global revolving credit facilities, our Euro term facility, a senior notes shelf facility, secured mortgage financings and re-financings, joint venture partnerships and the sale of non-core assets. For example, in connection with the Digital DC Partners NA Fund, we raised over $3 billion of equity commitments that can support approximately $10 billion of total data center investment. We endeavor to maintain financial flexibility while using our liquidity and access to capital to support operations, our acquisition, investment, leasing and development programs and global campus expansion, which are important sources of our growth. Leverage Technology to Develop Comprehensive and Diverse Products. We believe we have one of the most comprehensive suites of global data center solutions available to customers from a single provider. Global Service Infrastructure Platform . With our acquisitions, which extended our footprint further across Latin America, Europe and Africa, enhanced our portfolio of scale and hyper-scale data centers in the U.S. and furthered our position as a leading provider of colocation, interconnection and cloud-enablement services globally, we are able to offer one of the industry s broadest range of data center solutions to meet our customers needs, from a single rack or cabinet to multi-megawatt deployments. We believe our products like ServiceFabric and our partnerships with managed services and cloud service providers further enhance the attractiveness of our data centers. Provide Foundational Services to Enable Customers and Partners. We believe that the platform, through which we offer the foundational services of space, power and connectivity, will enable our customers and partners to serve their customers and grow their businesses. We believe our Internet gateway data centers, individual data centers and data center campuses are attractive to a wide variety of customers and partners of all sizes. Furthermore, we believe our colocation and interconnection offerings, as well as the densely connected data communities that have developed within our facilities, and the availability and scalability of our comprehensive suite of products are valuable and critical to our customers and partners. Accelerate Global Reach and Scale. We have strategically pursued international expansion since our IPO in 2004 and now operate across six continents. We believe that our global multi-product data center portfolio is a foundational element of our strategy and our scale and global platform represent key competitive advantages difficult to replicate. Customers and competitors are recognizing the value of interconnected scale, which aligns with our connected campus strategy that enables customers to land and expand with us. We expect to continue to source and execute strategic and complementary transactions to strengthen our data center portfolio, expand our global footprint and product mix, and enhance our scale. 8 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Drive Revenue Growth and Operating Efficiencies. We aggressively manage our properties to maximize cash flow and control costs by leveraging our scale to drive operating efficiencies. Leverage Strong Industry Relationships. Our global market leadership position and strong industry relationships provide us with a unique vantage point to detect and capitalize on secular trends as they emerge globally. We focus our industry relationship efforts towards market sensing, market shaping and helping to set open standards that benefit companies of all types to derive value from digital infrastructure and multi-tenant datacenters. Industry collaboration includes engagements with industry associations, IT industry analysts, venture capitalists, technology incubators, technology service providers, telecommunications providers, systems integrators and large multi-national companies across segments including manufacturing, transportation and logistics, financial services, healthcare, pharmaceutical and digital media. These relationships help us forge new product capabilities, inform investment decisions, develop new routes to market and create differentiated value for customers and drive long-term growth and yield for stockholders. Maximize Cash Flow. We often acquire operating properties with substantial in-place cash flow and some vacancy, which enables us to create upside through lease-up. We control our costs by negotiating expense pass-through provisions in customer agreements for operating expenses, including power costs and certain capital expenditure. We have also focused on centralizing functions and optimizing operations as well as improving processes and technologies. We believe that expanding our global data center campuses will also contribute to operating efficiencies because we expect to achieve economies of scale on our campus environments. Sustainability. We believe that addressing sustainability by driving environmental efficiency through the implementation of cost-effective design features and the use of carbon-free and renewable energy serves as a key differentiator enabling us to deliver products that help attract and retain customers, generate cash flow, and manage operational risks. In 2025, for the ninth consecutive year, we received the Nareit Leader in the Light award for data centers, recognizing our sustainability and energy-efficiency achievements. We provide data on energy and water management metrics that we believe best correlate with our business and industry as indicated in the following sections. Energy and water data receive third party assurance as part of our annual Impact Report development process. Energy Management a) 2024 Energy Data (1) a Energy Consumption Data Coverage as % of Floor Area Total Energy Consumed by Portfolio Area with Data Coverage (MWh) (2) Grid electricity consumption as a % of Energy Consumption Renewable Energy as a % of Energy Consumption (3) 100% 11,649,837 97% 73% (1) The most recent full year for which energy data is available is 2024. The scope of data coverage includes only managed assets. In 2024, 99% of the Company s operational portfolio consisted of data center space along with limited accessory uses. These secondary space types are not broken out by subsector. (2) The scope of energy includes energy purchased from sources external to the Company and its customers; energy produced by the Company and its customers (i.e., self-generated); and energy from other sources, including direct fuel usage. (3) Provided as a percent of energy consumption for managed assets. Excludes renewable energy delivered as part of the standard utility fuel mix. Includes above-baseline utility renewables (e.g., green tariffs), Energy Attribute Certificate ( EAC ) purchases, power purchase agreements, customer-sourced renewable energy and EACs generated by the Company. 9 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements b) Sustainable Data Center Ratings We seek to certify new construction and major redevelopment projects in accordance with widely recognized sustainable building standards. We may also certify certain properties in accordance with recognized sustainable operational standards. Our data center space receiving third-party sustainable ratings in 2025 totaled 1.795 million square feet, encompassing the following sites: Data Center Metropolitan Area Rating System Level Achieved 9905 Godwin Drive Northern Virginia LEED (1) Gold 805 E. Holford Road Dallas LEED (1) Gold 10051 Brickyard Way Northern Virginia LEED (1) Gold 2 Avenue Marcel Cachin (PAR10) Paris, France LEED (1) Silver Mercuriusstraat 27 (BRU4) Brussels, Belgium LEED (1) Silver 2 Avenue Marcel Cachin (PAR11) Paris, France LEED (1) Gold (1) LEED TM : Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design For existing buildings, we seek to benchmark 100% of applicable U.S. properties in ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager and pursue EPA ENERGY STAR certification for eligible U.S. properties. In 2025, we achieved ENERGY STAR for Data Centers recognition for 39 data centers, representing 53% of our U.S. managed data center portfolio by square feet. We may also certify certain properties outside the U.S. in accordance with regionally recognized energy performance rating standards. In total, 35% of our total global managed portfolio by square feet had an energy rating as of December 31, 2025, excluding Powered Base Building space, space under active development, space held for development and non-managed assets. c) Energy management considerations Energy and resource management considerations are integrated into our business decisions and strategy. For our operating portfolio, annual capital expense investment planning identifies and evaluates resource efficiency project opportunities alongside non-resource-impacting capital investments. For acquisitions and new development activity, resiliency risks, resource availability, and renewable energy access are considered. Our design and construction process incorporates sustainable features that support resource efficiency during construction as well as during the operational lifecycle of the sites. We seek to proactively identify and support opportunities to efficiently utilize resources, such as energy and water, throughout our operating portfolio. We set annual power usage effectiveness targets for assets. Many of our data centers located in the European Union ( EU ) participate in the European Union s Code of Conduct for Energy Efficiency in Data Centers, a voluntary initiative which addresses airflow management, cooling system efficiency and capital plant replacement. Globally, we conduct external technical building assessments as well as utilize ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager scores to prioritize efficiency opportunities. Energy efficiency measures typically affect building management systems, operational practices, HVAC and lighting improvements and building commissioning. In 2024, energy efficiency measures implemented totaled over 42,400MWh in projected energy saving. 10 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We updated our global carbon reduction target in 2025 and it received validation by the Science-Based Target Initiative, with goals to reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions 42% by 2030 from a 2023 base year and to reduce Scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services, upstream transportation and distribution, downstream leased assets and investments 25% within the same time frame. In 2024, we showed a 62% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions and 51% reduction in Scope 3 emissions against our prior baseline. Additionally, we are a signatory to the EU Climate Neutral Data Centre Pact, a Self-Regulatory Initiative committing to climate neutrality by 2030 and setting additional goals around energy efficiency, carbon-free energy sourcing, water conservation and waste heat recycling. We continue to match the energy consumption of our European portfolio, and portions of our North American and Asia Pacific portfolios with clean and renewable energy. Our six operational U.S. renewable energy purchase agreements produced 1,240 GWh of energy attribute certificates in 2024. We implement ISO 14001 (Environmental Management) and ISO 50001 (Energy Management) to measure, manage and improve the energy and environmental performance of our data centers. In 2024, 50% of our global portfolio had ISO 14001 certifications and 32% of our global portfolio was covered under ISO 50001. Additionally, 100% of our Singapore portfolio was certified under the SS564 Green Data Centres standard for Energy and Environmental Management Systems. Water Management a) 2024 Water Data (1) Water Withdrawal Data Coverage as % of Floor Area % of Floor Area with 40% or Greater Baseline Water Stress (2) Total Water Withdrawn by Portfolio Area with Data Coverage (cubic meters, in thousands) (3) % of Water Withdrawn with 40% or Greater Baseline Water Stress (2) 93% 40% 5,586 32% (1) The most recent full year for which water data is available is 2024. The scope of data coverage includes only managed assets. In 2024, 99% of the Company s portfolio consisted of data center space along with limited accessory uses. These secondary space types are not broken out by subsector. (2) Based on properties classified as High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress determined by the World Resources Institute s Water Risk Atlas tool, Aqueduct. Includes properties that have complete water withdrawal data coverage. (3) The scope of water consumed includes potable water and non-potable water purchased from third-party suppliers and water reused. b) Water Management Risks and Mitigation Strategies Our global water strategy addresses the strategic role that water plays in our operations and regions where water quality and scarcity pose the greatest interruption risk to our business. Some of our assets are in regions of high or extremely high baseline water stress and may face future risk of water scarcity, higher water costs, and regulatory constraints on water consumption. We consider water availability, cost, and alternate supply solutions to potable water such as municipally supplied non-potable water, which accounted for 42% of our total water usage in 2024. We consider cooling system designs to maximize free cooling and reduce or eliminate reliance on water for cooling, and we utilize landscape irrigation monitoring solutions to reduce water consumption. Climate Change Adaptation a) Properties exposed in 100-Year Flood Plains Two U.S. data centers totaling approximately 0.5 million square feet are exposed to 100-year flood zones designated by the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency as special flood hazard areas. An additional three properties in Europe totaling approximately 0.1 million square feet are exposed to 100-year flood zones. 11 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements b) Climate Change Risks and Mitigation Strategies We evaluate potential risks and opportunities as a result of climate change and have implemented strategies to mitigate risks and capitalize on opportunities. Climate change risks that we have identified include acute and chronic physical risks, as well as transition risks such as market, policy, reputational, and technology risks. Management of climate-related risks and opportunities is a company-wide effort, delivered through an interdisciplinary effort with contributions from our global operations team, risk management, environmental occupational health and safety, compliance, information security, physical security and other functions, with oversight by our executive management team and governed by our Board of Directors. We manage potential risks first via our siting and design standards, then by implementing recommendations to proactively mitigate losses related to short-term acute weather events as well as long-term climate-related changes. Climate resilience measures include maintaining appropriate levels of insurance for each asset, performing climate risk scenario analyses for a selection of our global portfolio, and implementing operational risk reduction measures at the site level. We continue to align our Impact Report with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures to disclose specific climate-related financial risks and opportunities, mitigation strategies, and associated metrics and targets. Competition We compete with numerous data center providers globally, many of whom own or operate properties similar to ours in some of the same metropolitan areas where our data centers are located, including Equinix, Inc. and NTT; various private operators in the U.S.; as well as Global Switch Holdings Limited and various regional operators in Europe, Asia, Latin America, Africa and Australia. See "We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers." in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Regulation General Our properties are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to common areas. We believe each of our properties as of December 31, 2025 has the necessary permits and approvals to operate. Americans with Disabilities Act Our properties must comply with Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or the ADA, to the extent that such properties are public accommodations as defined by the ADA. We believe our properties are in substantial compliance with the ADA and that we will not be required to make substantial capital expenditures to address the requirements of the ADA. However, non-compliance with the ADA could result in imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. The obligation to make accommodations in accordance with the ADA, as well as other applicable laws and regulations is an ongoing one, and we will continue to assess our properties and make alterations as appropriate in this respect. See We may incur significant costs complying with applicable laws and governmental regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act. in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Environmental Matters We are exposed to various environmental risks that may result in unanticipated losses and could affect our operating results and financial condition. Either the previous owners or we have conducted environmental reviews on a majority of the properties we have acquired, including land. While some of these assessments have led to further investigation and sampling, none of the environmental assessments have revealed an environmental liability that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. See "We could incur significant costs related to environmental matters, including from government regulation, private litigation, and existing conditions at some of our properties." in Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion. 12 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Energy and Climate Change Legislation There continue to be numerous international, U.S. federal and state-level initiatives and proposals to address domestic and global energy climate priorities. Energy supply and delivery, carbon intensity of energy, climate change effects, if they occur, and governmental initiatives, laws and regulations to address potential energy and climate concerns, could increase our costs and have a long-term adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Future legislation or regulatory activity in this area remains uncertain, and its effect on our operations is unclear at this time. See "We could incur significant costs related to environmental matters, including from government regulation, private litigation, and existing conditions at some of our properties." in Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion. Insurance We carry commercial general liability, property and business interruption insurance, and other insurance coverage on all of the properties in our portfolio. We select coverages, policy specifications and insured limits which we believe to be appropriate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of coverage, and industry practice. Insurance is maintained through a combination of commercial insurance, self-insurance and wholly-owned captive insurance entity. We believe the properties in our portfolio are adequately insured. We do not carry insurance for generally uninsured exposures such as loss from war or nuclear reaction. In addition, we carry earthquake insurance on our properties in an amount and with deductibles we believe are commercially reasonable. See Potential losses may not be covered by insurance. in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Human Capital Resource Management As of December 31, 2025, we had 4,282 full-time employees. The geographic distribution of our global employee base as of December 31, 2025 is summarized in the following table. Region North America 1,948 EMEA 2,040 Asia Pacific 294 Total 4,282 Compensation, Benefits and Employee Wellbeing To attract and retain the best-qualified talent and to help our employees maintain healthy and balanced lives, and meet their financial and retirement goals, we offer market-competitive compensation and competitive benefits, including healthcare, vacation benefits, parental leave, 401(k)/pension company match, an employee stock purchase plan, fitness reimbursement program, commuter benefits, tuition reimbursement, employee skills development and leadership development. Employee surveys are conducted annually to solicit feedback and to help prioritize and improve employee engagement. We also encourage our employees to give back to the community by matching their contributions to eligible charitable organizations through our Matching Gifts Program. Additionally, our Donate 8 Program grants paid time off each year to employees for the purpose of volunteering for eligible organizations. During 2025, we sought to play an active role in supporting the communities we operate in across North America, EMEA and APAC. This included companywide giving focused on our areas of philanthropic focus (disaster relief, STEM education and sustainability). 13 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Workplace Belonging It is our Company s policy to recruit talent based on merit, without discrimination on the basis of any legally protected characteristic. Digital Realty s Together@Digital workplace program aims to unlock innovation, enhance decision-making, attract top talent and better serve our customers. Together@Digital also runs a philanthropic program with charitable giving to non-profit groups that support a range of programs from veterans to cultural institutions. Available Information All reports we file with the SEC are available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website at www.sec.gov. We will also provide copies of our Forms 8-K, Forms 10-K, Forms 10-Q, Proxy Statements and amendments to those documents at no charge to investors upon request and make electronic copies of such reports available through our website at www.digitalrealty.com as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material with the SEC. The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form a part of, this report or any other document that we file with the SEC. Offices We have regional U.S. offices in Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, New York, Northern Virginia and San Francisco and regional international offices in Amsterdam, Dublin, London, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo and Hong Kong. Reports to Security Holders Digital Realty Trust, Inc. is required to send an annual report to its securityholders and to our Operating Partnership s unitholders. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS For purposes of this section, the term stockholders means the holders of shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s common stock and preferred stock. Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P. s unitholders. You should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our Company, our properties and our business. The occurrence of any of the following risks might cause Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P. s unitholders to lose all or a part of their investment. Some statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements starting on page 46. Overview Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock and preferred stock. The following material factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results and those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the SEC, press releases, communications with investors and oral statements. The risks that we describe in our public filings are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently consider immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Risk Related to Our Business and Operations Our business depends upon the demand for data centers. 14 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We depend upon third-party suppliers for power and we are vulnerable to service failures and price increases by such suppliers and to volatility in the supply and price of power in the open market. We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. Any failure of our physical or information technology or operational technology infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions. We and our third-party providers are vulnerable to cyberattacks and security breaches that could materially disrupt or compromise our operations, data and results. We depend on significant customers, and many of our data centers are single-tenant properties or are currently occupied by single tenants. Failure to attract, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, including key magnet customers, could harm our business and operating results. Our contracts with our customers could subject us to significant liability. Certain of our customer agreements may include restrictions on the sale of our properties to certain third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Our data centers may not be suitable for re-leasing without significant expenditures or renovations. We may be unable to lease vacant or development space, renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire. Even if we have additional space available for lease at any one of our data centers, our ability to lease this space to existing or new customers could be constrained by our ability to provide sufficient electrical power. Our portfolio depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations. Our business and operations, and our customers, suppliers and business partners may be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks. We lease or sublease certain of our data center space from third parties and the ability to retain these leases or subleases could be a significant risk to our ongoing operations. We and our customers may experience supply chain or procurement disruptions, or increased supply chain costs, which may lead to delays. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. We depend on third parties to provide network connectivity to the customers in our data centers and any delays or disruptions in connectivity may materially adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. Our international activities, including acquisition, ownership and operation of data centers located outside of the United States, subject us to risks different than those we face in the United States and we may not be able to effectively manage our international business. Our acquisitions may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our plans and operations. We may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to our acquisitions, for which we may have no or limited recourse against the sellers. Joint venture (JV), fund and other investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on our JV partners financial condition and disputes between us and our partners. Any delays or unexpected costs in the development of our existing space and developable land and new properties acquired for development may delay and harm our growth prospects, future operating results and financial condition. Many of our costs, such as operating and general and administrative expenses, interest expense and real estate acquisition and construction costs, could be adversely impacted by periods of heightened inflation. We have substantial debt and face risks associated with the use of debt to fund our business activities, including refinancing and interest rate risks. Our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control. Declining real estate valuations, impairment charges and illiquidity of real estate investments could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. As artificial intelligence becomes more prevalent in the workplace, it may present new considerations that could affect our business and operating results. We may have difficulty managing our growth. Potential losses may not be covered by insurance. 15 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We could incur significant costs related to environmental matters, including from government regulation, private litigation, and existing conditions at some of our properties. We may incur significant costs complying with applicable laws and governmental regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act. Our business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. Volatility in market and economic conditions may impact the accuracy of the various estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements and footnotes to the financial statements. Risks Related to the Organizational Structure The interests of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s stockholders may conflict with the interests of Digital Realty Trust, L.P. s unitholders. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s charter, Digital Realty Trust, L.P. s partnership agreement and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction. The conversion rights of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s preferred stock may be detrimental to holders of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s common stock. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s rights and the rights of its stockholders to take action against its directors and officers are limited. Risks Related to Taxes and Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s Status as a REIT Failure to qualify as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and its stockholders and to Digital Realty Trust, L.P. and its unitholders. Even if Digital Realty Trust, Inc. qualifies as a REIT, it may be subject to federal and state taxes in certain circumstances and its foreign properties and companies are subject to foreign taxes, which would reduce its cash available for distribution to its stockholders. Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited transactions may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. The power of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s Board of Directors to revoke Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s REIT election without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. s stockholders and Digital Realty Trust, L.P. s unitholders. If Digital Realty Trust, L.P. were to fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. would fail to qualify as a REIT and suffer other adverse consequences. Tax liabilities and attributes inherited in connection with acquisitions may adversely impact our business. Changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws and regulations, including changes to tax rates, legislation and other actions may adversely affect our results of operations, our stockholders, Digital Realty Trust, L.P. s unitholders and us. 16 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Our business depends upon the demand for data centers. We are in the business of owning, acquiring, developing and operating data centers. A reduction in the demand for data center space, power or connectivity would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a less specialized use. Our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, Internet and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to metropolitan areas that we do not currently serve. Changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide. In addition, our customers may choose to develop new data centers or expand their own existing data centers or consolidate into data centers that we do not own or operate, which could reduce demand for our newly developed data centers or result in the loss of one or more key customers. If any of our key customers were to do so, it could result in a loss of business to us or put pressure on our pricing. Mergers or consolidations of technology companies could reduce further the number of our customers and potential customers and make us more dependent on a more limited number of customers. If our customers merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our customers, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our data centers in the future. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors. We depend upon third-party suppliers for power and we are vulnerable to service failures and price increases by such suppliers and to volatility in the supply and price of power in the open market. We rely on third parties to provide power to our data centers, and we cannot ensure that these third parties will deliver such power in adequate quantities, at acceptable levels of power quality, or on a consistent basis. We are also reliant on third parties to deliver additional power capacity to support the growth of our business. If the amount of power available to us is inadequate to support our customer requirements, we may be unable to satisfy our obligations to our customers or grow our business. In addition, our data centers may be susceptible to power shortages and planned or unplanned outages caused by these shortages or load-shedding requirements by governmental or quasi-governmental entities. Power outages may last beyond our backup and alternative power arrangements, which would harm our customers and our business. Any loss of services or equipment damage could adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results, harm our reputation and potentially lead to customer disputes or litigation. In addition, we may be subject to risks and unanticipated costs associated with obtaining power from various utility companies. Utilities that serve our data centers may be dependent on, and sensitive to price increases for, a particular type of fuel, such as natural gas, coal or nuclear. In addition, the price of these fuels and the total cost of delivered electricity could increase as a result of: grid modernization charges, ratepayer surcharges related to recovering the cost of extreme weather events and natural disasters, increased demand from utilities from credit support and other obligations, minimum demand charges, geopolitical conflicts, military conflicts, energy market structure and/or regulatory changes, the adoption of modified and/or new energy tariffs, regulations intended to regulate carbon emissions and other pollutants, renewable energy adoption, and other obligations, as well as by the addition of other charges borne by ratepayers. Increases in the cost of power at any of our data centers could put those locations at a competitive disadvantage relative to data centers that are supplied power at a lower price. We have also entered into power purchase agreements with contract terms ranging from 5-20 years. These agreements require us to purchase renewable energy and/or environmental attribute certificates from producers at fixed prices over the terms of the contracts, subject to certain adjustments. In the event that the market price for energy and/or environmental attribute certificates decreases, we may be required to pay more than we would otherwise if we were to purchase them on the open market, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, interruptions in the operations of one or more of the suppliers under these agreements, as a result of extreme weather events, natural disasters or otherwise, could negatively impact the quantity of renewable energy credits delivered to us. Disruptions in the oil and gas and electric power markets have caused, and could continue to cause, significant increases in energy prices, which could have a material effect on our business. 17 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. We compete with numerous data center providers globally, many of whom own or operate properties similar to ours in some of the same metropolitan areas where our data centers are located, including Equinix, Inc. and NTT; various private operators in the U.S.; as well as Global Switch Holdings Limited and various regional operators in Europe, Asia, Latin America, Africa and Australia. In addition, we may in the future face competition from new entrants into the data center market, including new entrants who may acquire our current competitors. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources and more ready access to capital which allow them to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities. If our competitors offer space that our customers or potential customers perceive to be superior to ours based on factors such as available power, security, location, or connectivity, or if they offer rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates we are offering, we may lose customers or potential customers or be required to incur costs to improve our data centers or reduce our rental rates. In addition, many of our competitors have developed and continue to develop additional data center space. If the supply of data center space continues to increase as a result of these activities or otherwise, rental rates may be reduced or we may face delays in leasing or be unable to lease our vacant space, including space that we develop. Further, if customers or potential customers desire services that we do not offer, we may not be able to lease our space to those customers. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors. Any failure of our physical or information technology or operational technology infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable services, including with respect to power supply, physical security, cybersecurity, and maintenance of environmental conditions. We may fail to provide such services because our operations are vulnerable to, among other things, mechanical or telecommunications failure, power outage, human error, physical or electronic security breaches, cyberattacks, war, terrorism, fire, earthquake, pandemics, hurricane, flood and other natural disasters, sabotage and vandalism. We rely on numerous electrical, heating and cooling, fire protection, energy storage and battery backup, uninterruptible power systems, and emergency power generation systems and equipment to operate our facilities. The systems and equipment are required to handle high performance demands, including extreme heat and cold, high voltage, corrosion, high power demands and energy storage capacity, thermal and physical stresses, continuous operation in extreme conditions, and other routine, seasonal, and emergency operational demands. Failure of systems or equipment may affect other systems or equipment or customers, and it could mean we are unable to satisfy our obligations to our customers. Any loss of services or equipment damage could adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results, harm our reputation and potentially lead to customer disputes or litigation. Substantially all of our customer agreements include terms requiring us to meet certain service level commitments. A failure to meet these or other commitments or equipment damage in our data centers could subject us to contractual liability, including service level credits against customer rent payments, legal liability and monetary damages, regulatory sanctions, or, in certain cases of repeated failures, the right by the customer to terminate the agreement. Service interruptions, equipment failures or security breaches could also materially impact our brand and reputation globally and lead to customer contract terminations or non-renewals and an inability to attract customers in the future. 18 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We and our third-party providers are vulnerable to cyberattacks and security breaches that could materially disrupt or compromise our operations, data and results. We rely on computer systems, hardware, software, online sites and networks, as well as physical, digital and operational technology infrastructure to support our internal and external operations (collectively, Information Systems ). We own, operate, and manage complex, global Information Systems and also rely on third-party providers for a range of Information Systems and other products and services, such as cloud computing. We face evolving risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of Information Systems and data, including from state-sponsored espionage actors, financially motivated hackers, hacktivists and insiders, as well as through diverse attack vectors, such as social engineering/phishing, malware (including ransomware), human or technological error, or due to bugs, misconfigurations and known and unknown vulnerabilities in hardware, software, systems and processes that support our business. Even if vulnerabilities are publicly known or identified through our security tools, we cannot guarantee that patches or mitigating measures will be implemented before a threat actor can exploit them. Unauthorized access to our or customers physical assets or Information Systems, misappropriation of our or customers sensitive or proprietary information, or disruptions to our or customers operations as a result of attacks, breaches or disruptions to our, or any providers or customers , Information Systems or controls could lead to material breaches of legal and regulatory (e.g., privacy laws such as GDPR) or contractual obligations, and/or other operational and business impacts. The foregoing could expose us to material lawsuits, regulatory actions, penalties or fines, monetary damages, loss of existing or potential customers, harm to our reputation and significant increases in our security and insurance costs, and other adverse effects on our business and results. We are subject to ongoing cyberattacks and other security incidents, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems, and we expect such attempts to continue. For example, we have experienced, and are likely in the future to experience, sophisticated social engineering/phishing attacks that involve unauthorized access to our information. While to date no attacks or incidents have materially impacted us, we cannot guarantee that any incidents will not materially impact us or that material incidents will not occur in the future. There can also be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management processes will be fully implemented as currently anticipated, complied with or effective in protecting our or our customers Information Systems and data, particularly because threat actors are increasingly sophisticated and using tools such as AI that circumvent controls and evade detection, making detection, mitigation and recovery challenging and uncertain. Although our customers maintain computing equipment in our facilities, we generally do not have access to, nor knowledge of, what applications or data are stored or processed on such equipment. For some customers, we provide digital infrastructure and platforms-as-a-service, which increases the risk of compromise to customer data, and we have been expanding these aspects of our business globally. Regulators around the world are increasingly focusing on, and investigating, cybersecurity matters. For example, as we most recently disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2025, we cooperated with the Division of Enforcement of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in their investigation into the adequacy of our disclosures of cybersecurity risks and our related disclosure controls and procedures. By letter dated December 22, 2025, the SEC Division of Enforcement informed us that based on the information it had as of that date, it had concluded the investigation and did not intend to recommend an enforcement action by the SEC against the Company. We are not aware of any cybersecurity issue or event that caused the Staff to open this matter. 19 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We have made, and expect to continue to make, investments to update and modernize both existing and newly acquired Information Systems. We have ongoing acquisitions and investment activity, including through the formation of joint ventures. For example, we have acquired and invested in, and continue to acquire and invest in, businesses and operations (including joint ventures) around the world, including in new regions with complex and evolving regulatory frameworks and differing risk profiles, and including in and with companies that have cybersecurity vulnerabilities and security measures which may be less robust than our existing Information Systems, which increases our cybersecurity risks. In addition, transitioning to new or upgraded Information Systems, and integrating acquired Information Systems and data, creates challenges, causes disruption to current processes, governance and structures, and can increase our cybersecurity vulnerabilities and costs to mitigate and remediate such vulnerabilities. Given the nature of complex systems, software and services like ours, and the scanning tools that we deploy across our networks and products, we regularly identify and track security vulnerabilities. However, certain vulnerabilities may not be discovered, and not all vulnerabilities may be remediated in a timely manner. Further, cybersecurity governance with respect to our joint ventures may be more complex due to the necessary interactions and oversight of multiple joint venture partners and their respective governing bodies. Difficulties in implementing new, upgraded, and/or acquired Information Systems or significant failures, delays, or other inability to modify and respond to changes in our or our customers business and cybersecurity needs could adversely affect our results. We depend on significant customers, and many of our data centers are single-tenant properties or are currently occupied by single tenants. As of December 31, 2025, the 20 largest customers in our portfolio represented approximately 51% of the total annualized recurring revenue generated by our properties. Our top three customers represented approximately 26% of the total annualized recurring revenue generated by our properties as of December 31, 2025. In addition, 20 of our 310 data centers are occupied by single customers, including data centers occupied solely by our top three customers. Many factors, including global economic conditions, may cause our customers to experience a downturn in their businesses or otherwise experience a lack of liquidity, which may weaken their financial condition and impact our estimates as to the probability of collectability of payments, and ultimately result in their failure to make timely rental and other payments or their default under their agreements with us. Further, the development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards or other factors could render many of our customers current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy. If any customer defaults or fails to make timely rent or other payments, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If any customer becomes a debtor in a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, we cannot evict the customer solely because of the bankruptcy. In addition, the bankruptcy court might authorize the customer to reject and terminate its contracts with us. Our claim against the customer for unpaid, future rent and other payments would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining amounts actually owed under their agreements with us. In either case, our claim for unpaid rent and other amounts would likely not be paid in full. Our revenue and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected if any of our significant customers were to become bankrupt or insolvent, suffer a downturn in their businesses, fail to renew their contracts or renew on terms less favorable to us than their current terms. As of February 9, 2026, we had no material customers in bankruptcy. Failure to attract, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, including key magnet customers, could harm our business and operating results. Our ability to attract, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, consisting of enterprises, cloud service providers, network service providers, and digital economy customers, some of which we consider to be key magnets drawing in other customers, may affect our ability to maximize our revenues. Dense and desirable customer concentrations within a facility enable us to better generate significant interconnection revenues, which in turn increases our overall revenues. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center s operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. Our inability to develop, provide or effectively execute any of these factors may hinder the development, growth and retention of a diverse and balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our contracts with our customers could subject us to significant liability. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with our customers pursuant to which we provide data center space, power, environmental controls, physical security and connectivity products to our customers. These contracts typically contain indemnification and liability provisions, in addition to service level commitments, which could potentially impose a significant cost on us in the event of losses arising out of certain breaches of such agreements, services to be provided by us or our subcontractors or from third-party claims. Customers increasingly are looking to pass through their regulatory obligations and other liabilities to their outsourced data center providers and we may not be able to limit our liability or damages in an event of loss suffered by such customers whether as a result of our breach of an agreement or otherwise. Further, liabilities and standards for damages and enforcement actions, including the regulatory framework applicable to different types of losses, vary by jurisdiction, and we may be subject to greater liability for certain losses in certain jurisdictions. Additionally, in connection with our acquisitions, we have assumed existing agreements with customers that may subject us to greater liability for such an event of loss. If such an event of loss occurred, we could be liable for material monetary damages and could incur significant legal fees in defending against such an action, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Certain of our customer agreements may include restrictions on the sale of our properties to certain third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Certain of our customer agreements may prohibit us from selling certain properties to a third party unless specified conditions are met. The existence of such restrictions could hinder our ability to sell one or more of these properties, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our data centers may not be suitable for re-leasing without significant expenditures or renovations. Because many of our data centers contain tenant improvements installed at our customers expense, they may be better suited for a specific data center user or technology industry customer and could require significant modification in order for us to re-lease vacant space to another data center user or technology industry customer. The tenant improvements may also become outdated or obsolete as the result of technological change, the passage of time or other factors, including the recent acceleration in AI adoption and rapid advancements in compute, cooling and power technologies, which continue to drive evolving customer requirements, deployment architectures, and buying criteria . In addition, our development space will generally require substantial improvement to be suitable for data center use. For the same reason, our properties also may not be suitable for leasing to traditional office customers without significant expenditures or renovations. As a result, we may be required to invest significant amounts or offer significant discounts to customers in order to lease or re-lease that space, either of which could adversely affect our financial and operating results. We may be unable to lease vacant or development space, renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire. At December 31, 2025, we owned approximately 9.7 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 4.7 million square feet of space held for future development. We intend to continue to add new space to our development inventory and to continue to develop additional space from this inventory. A portion of the space that we develop has been, and may continue to be, developed on a speculative basis, meaning that we do not have a signed customer agreement for the space when we begin the development process. We also develop space specifically for customers pursuant to agreements signed prior to beginning the development process. In those cases, if we fail to meet our development obligations under those agreements, these customers may be able to terminate the agreements and we would be required to find a new customer for this space. In addition, in certain circumstances we lease data center facilities prior to their completion. If we fail to complete the facilities in a timely manner, the customer may be entitled to terminate its agreement, seek damages or penalties against us or pursue other remedies and we may be required to find a new customer for the space. We cannot assure you that once we have developed space or land we will be able to successfully lease it at all, or at rates we consider favorable or expected at the time we commenced development. Further, once development of a data center facility is complete, we incur certain operating expenses even if there are no customers occupying any space. If we are not able to complete development in a timely manner or successfully lease the space that we develop, if development costs are higher than we currently estimate, or if rental rates are lower than expected when we began the project or are otherwise undesirable, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely 21 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements affected. In addition, as of December 31, 2025, customer agreements representing 23.3% of the square footage of the properties in our portfolio, excluding month-to-month leases and space held for development, were scheduled to expire through 2027, and an additional 16.8% of the net rentable square footage, excluding space held for development, was available to be leased. Some of this space may require substantial capital investment to meet the power and cooling requirements of our customers, or may no longer be suitable for their needs. In addition, we cannot assure you that customer agreements will be renewed or that our properties will be re-leased at all, or at net effective rental rates equal to or above the current average net effective rental rates. If the rental rates for our properties decrease, our existing customers do not renew their agreements, we do not lease or re-lease our available space, including newly developed space and space for which customer agreements are scheduled to expire, or it takes longer for us to lease or re-lease this space or for rents to commence on this space, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, a customer s decision to lease space and power in one of our data centers and to purchase additional products typically involves a significant commitment of resources and due diligence on the part of our customers regarding the adequacy of our facilities. As a result, the leasing of data center space can have a long sales cycle, and we may expend significant time and resources in pursuing a particular transaction that may not result in revenue. Economic conditions, including market downturns, may further impact this long sales cycle by making it difficult for customers to plan future business activities, which could cause customers to slow spending or delay decision-making. Our inability to adequately manage the risks associated with the sales cycle may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we have additional space available for lease at any one of our data centers, our ability to lease this space to existing or new customers could be constrained by our ability to provide sufficient electrical power. As current and future customers increase their power footprint in our data centers over time, the corresponding reduction in available power could limit our ability to increase occupancy rates or network density within our existing data centers. Furthermore, at certain of our data centers, our aggregate maximum contractual obligation to provide power and cooling to our customers may exceed the physical capacity at such data centers if customers were to quickly increase their demand for power and cooling. If we are not able to increase the available power and/or cooling or move the customer to another location within our data centers with sufficient power and cooling to meet such demand, we could lose the customer as well as be exposed to liability under our customer agreements. In addition, our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade or expand, especially as we design our data centers to the specifications of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, which are more power-intensive. Accordingly, we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. Any such material loss of customers, liability or additional costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 22 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our portfolio depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations. Our portfolio is located in over 50 metropolitan areas. As of December 31, 2025, our portfolio, including the 89 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated entities, was geographically concentrated in the following metropolitan areas: Percentage of December 31, 2025 Metropolitan Area Total annualized rent (1) Northern Virginia 21.4 % Chicago 7.1 % Frankfurt 6.1 % London 4.5 % Singapore 4.5 % Dallas 4.3 % Paris 4.1 % Amsterdam 4.1 % New York 4.0 % Sao Paulo 3.8 % Johannesburg 3.5 % Silicon Valley 3.5 % Portland 3.0 % Tokyo 2.3 % Zurich 1.7 % Other 22.1 % Total 100.0 % (1) Annualized rent is monthly contractual rent (defined as cash base rent before abatements) under existing leases as of December 31, 2025 multiplied by 12. Includes consolidated portfolio and unconsolidated entities at the entities 100% ownership level. The aggregate amount of abatements for the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately $35.6 million. Some of these areas have experienced downturns in recent years. We depend upon the local economic conditions in these areas, including local real estate conditions, and our operations, revenue and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected by a downturn in local economic conditions in these areas. Our operations may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in any of these areas or supply otherwise increases or exceeds demand. We cannot assure you that these locations will grow or will remain favorable to data center investments or operations. In addition, we are currently developing data centers in certain of these metropolitan areas. Any negative changes in real estate, technology or economic conditions in these metropolitan areas in particular could negatively impact our performance. Our business and operations, and our customers, suppliers and business partners may be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks. 23 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of an illness, disease or virus that affect countries or regions in which we or our customers, suppliers or business partners operate, and actions taken to contain or prevent their further spread, may have a material and adverse impact on general commercial activity and on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and creditworthiness. Epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of an illness, disease or virus could result in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of such illness, disease or virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, manufacturing restrictions, declarations of states of emergency, business shutdowns, prioritization and allocation of resources, and restrictions on the movement of our employees and those of our customers, suppliers and business partners on which we rely, which could adversely affect our ability and their respective abilities to adequately manage our respective businesses. Risks related to epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of an illness, disease or virus could also lead to the complete or partial closure of one or more of our offices or properties or our customers , suppliers or business partners businesses, or otherwise result in significant disruptions to our business and operations or theirs. Such events could materially and adversely impact our operations and the rental revenue we generate from our agreements with our customers or could result in defaults by our customers. We cannot predict the full extent of the impact that the epidemics, pandemics and other global events will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us, our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The full extent to which epidemics, pandemics and the various responses to such events impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of such event; governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to such event; the availability of and cost to access the capital markets; the effect on our customers and customer demand for and ability to pay for our services; the impact on our development projects; and disruptions or restrictions on our employees ability to work and travel. We lease or sublease certain of our data center space from third parties and the ability to retain these leases or subleases could be a significant risk to our ongoing operations. We do not own all the buildings in our portfolio. These leased buildings accounted for approximately 14% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. In addition, we may acquire additional leased data center space or businesses that lease facilities instead of owning them. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to renew the leases for these data centers on favorable terms or at all. Additionally, in several of our smaller facilities we sublease our space, and our rights under these subleases are dependent on our sublandlord retaining its rights under the prime lease. When the initial terms of our existing leases expire, we generally have the right to extend the terms of our leases for one or more renewal periods, subject to, in the case of several of our subleases, our sublandlord renewing its term under the prime lease. If renewal rates are less favorable than those we currently have, we may be required to increase revenues within existing data centers to offset such increase in lease payments. Failure to increase revenues to sufficiently offset these projected higher costs could adversely impact our operating income. Upon the end of our renewal options, we would have to renegotiate our lease terms with the applicable landlords. Additionally, if we are unable to renew the lease at any of our data centers, we could lose customers due to the disruptions in their operations caused by the relocation. We could also lose those customers that choose our data centers based on their locations. The costs of relocating data center infrastructure equipment, such as generators, power distribution units and cooling units, to different data centers could be prohibitive and, as such, we could lose the value of this equipment. For these reasons, any lease that cannot be renewed could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 24 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We and our customers may experience supply chain or procurement disruptions, or increased supply chain costs, which may lead to delays. The development of our data centers requires the timely delivery of required equipment and materials. We rely on third parties to provide the equipment, materials and services needed for our construction and development needs. Our global supply chain and development activities could be impacted by disruptions, such as political events, international trade disputes and tariffs, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents, national security concerns, pandemics and other business interruptions, which could impact our ability to meet delivery timelines, including delivery timelines to our customers. These disruptions could also lead to delays, reputational damage, potential penalties that we may be required to pay and potential terminations of agreements by our customers. If any such delay or disruption were to occur, it could have an adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition. Changes in the timing or cost of procuring materials, equipment and services used in our construction and development programs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Similarly, our customers may experience supply chain or procurement disruptions, constraints and increased costs, which may impact their ability to deploy in our facilities, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. During the ongoing global supply chain constraints, we have actively monitored our suppliers and remain in frequent communication with customers, contractors and suppliers. We have proactively managed our supply chain, and we believe the required equipment will continue to be delivered to complete our ongoing development activities. Although to date, we have been able to manage through disruptions in our supply chain and procurement process due to the high demand and other global events, continuing disruptions could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. However, the full extent and impact of global supply chain constraints on our future supply chain and procurement process cannot be reasonably estimated at this time and it could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. In addition, the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, as well as the conflict in the Middle East and other potential global conflicts, could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, an increase in cyber security incidents as well as supply chain disruptions. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. The technology industry generally and specific industries in which certain of our customers operate are characterized by rapidly changing technology, customer requirements and industry standards. New systems to deliver power to or eliminate heat in data centers or the development of new server technology that does not require the levels of critical load and heat removal that our facilities are designed to provide and could be run less expensively on a different platform could make our data center infrastructure obsolete. Our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade, and we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the infrastructure that connects our data centers to the Internet and other external networks may become insufficient, including with respect to latency, reliability and connectivity. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies or meet customer demands for new processes or technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, which would adversely impact our ability to sustain and grow our business. Continued AI adoption could result in evolving infrastructure needs, particularly around power density for advanced computing. Accommodating these requirements may involve selective capital investment and ongoing attention to operational efficiency. 25 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Further, our inability to adapt to changing customer requirements may make our data centers obsolete or unmarketable to such customers. Some of our customers operate at significant scale across numerous data center facilities and have designed cloud and computing networks with redundancies and fail-over capabilities across these facilities, which enhances the resiliency of their networks and applications. As a result, these customers may realize cost benefits by locating their data center operations in facilities with less electrical or mechanical infrastructure redundancy than is found in our existing data center facilities. Additionally, some of our customers have begun to operate their data centers using a wider range of humidity levels and at temperatures that are higher than servers customarily have operated at in the past, all of which may result in energy cost savings for these customers. We may not be able to operate our existing data centers under these environmental conditions, particularly in multi-tenant facilities with other customers who are not willing to operate under these conditions, and our data centers could be at a competitive disadvantage to facilities that satisfy such requirements. Because we may not be able to modify the redundancy levels or environmental systems of our existing data centers cost effectively, these or other changes in customer requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, due to regulations that apply to our customers as well as industry standards, such as ISO and SOC certifications which customers may deem desirable, they may seek specific requirements and certifications from their data centers that we are unable to provide. If new or different regulations or standards are adopted or such extra requirements are demanded by our customers, we could lose some customers or be unable to attract new customers in certain industries, which could materially and adversely affect our operations. We depend on third parties to provide network connectivity to the customers in our data centers and any delays or disruptions in connectivity may materially adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. We are not a telecommunications carrier. Although our customers generally are responsible for providing their own network connectivity, we still depend upon the presence of telecommunications carriers fiber networks serving our data centers in order to attract and retain customers. We believe that the availability of carrier capacity will directly affect our ability to achieve our projected results. Any carrier may elect not to offer its services within our data centers. Any carrier that has decided to provide network connectivity to our data centers may not continue to do so for any period of time. Further, some carriers are experiencing business difficulties or have announced consolidations. As a result, some carriers may be forced to downsize or terminate connectivity within our data centers, which could have an adverse effect on the business of our customers and, in turn, our own operating results. Our data centers may require construction and operation of a sophisticated redundant fiber network. The construction required to connect multiple carrier facilities to our data centers is complex and involves factors outside of our control, including regulatory requirements and the availability of construction resources. We have obtained the right to use network resources owned by other companies, including rights to use dark fiber, in order to attract telecommunications carriers and customers to our portfolio. If the establishment of highly diverse network connectivity to our data centers does not occur, is materially delayed or is discontinued, or is subject to failure, our operating results and cash flow may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, any hardware or fiber failures on this network may result in significant loss of connectivity to our data centers. This could negatively affect our ability to attract new customers or retain existing customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our international activities, including acquisition, ownership and operation of data centers located outside of the United States, subject us to risks different than those we face in the United States and we may not be able to effectively manage our international business. Our portfolio included 192 data centers, including 60 held in unconsolidated entities, located outside of the United States as of December 31, 2025. We have acquired and developed, and may continue to acquire and develop, and operate data centers outside the United States. 26 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The ownership and operation of data centers located outside of the United States subject us to risks from fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. Changes in the relation of these currencies to the U.S. dollar will affect our revenues and operating margins, and may materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt obligations. We may attempt to mitigate some or all of the risk of currency fluctuation by financing our properties in the local currency denominations, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so or that this will be effective. We may also engage in direct hedging activities to mitigate the risks of exchange rate fluctuations in a manner consistent with our qualification as a REIT, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so or that this will be effective. Our foreign operations involve additional risks not generally associated with or different from operations in the United States, including: our limited knowledge of and relationships with sellers, customers, contractors, suppliers or other parties in these metropolitan areas; complexity and costs associated with managing international development and operations; difficulty in hiring qualified management, sales and construction personnel and service providers in a timely fashion; the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions or tariffs or the occurrence of trade wars; differing employment practices and labor issues, including related to works councils, employee committees, labor unions and collective rights of action; multiple, conflicting and changing legal, regulatory, entitlement and permitting, and tax and treaty environments; unexpected changes in political environments, such as the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union; exposure to increased taxation, confiscation or expropriation; currency transfer restrictions and limitations on our ability to distribute cash earned in foreign jurisdictions to the United States; difficulty in enforcing agreements in non-U.S. jurisdictions, including those entered into in connection with our acquisitions or in the event of a default by one or more of our customers, suppliers or contractors; local business and cultural factors; geographic, political and economic instability, including sovereign credit risk and rapid and unpredictable changes in economic policy and regulatory environments, in certain geographic regions and emerging markets; and risks related to bribery and corruption. The likelihood of such occurrences and their potential effect on us vary from country to country and are unpredictable. Certain regions, including Latin America, Asia, Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, have in the past and may continue to be more economically and politically volatile and, as a result, operations in these regions could be subject to heightened risk of disruption, which could have a material adverse effect on our overall results of operations. Geopolitical events may impact our operations and financial results. For example, the impact of the United Kingdom exiting the European Union on European Union-United Kingdom political, trade, economic and diplomatic relations continues to be uncertain and such impact may not be fully realized for several years or more. Continued uncertainty and friction may result in regulatory, operational, and cost challenges to our United Kingdom and international operations. 27 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We also face risks with investing in unfamiliar metropolitan areas. We have acquired and may continue to acquire properties in international metropolitan areas that are new to us. When we acquire properties located in these metropolitan areas, we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy and culture, forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local government and permitting procedures. In addition, due diligence, transaction and structuring costs may be higher than those we may face in the United States. We work to mitigate such risks through extensive diligence and research and associations with experienced local partners; however, we cannot assure you that all such risks will be eliminated. Our inability to overcome these risks could adversely affect our international activities, including our foreign operations and could harm our business and results of operations. Our acquisitions may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our plans and operations. We have in the past and may continue in the future to acquire businesses as part of our growth strategy. Acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial or strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of the transaction. The combination of two independent businesses can be a complex, costly and time-consuming process, which requires significant time and focus from our management team and may divert attention from the day-to-day operations of our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate acquired properties and businesses with our business or otherwise realize the expected benefits of these acquisitions. In addition, even if our operations are integrated successfully with the operations of our acquisitions, we may not realize the full benefits of the acquisitions, including the synergies, operating efficiencies, or sales or growth opportunities that are expected. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame or at all. All of these factors could decrease or delay any potential accretive effect of the acquisitions and negatively impact the price of our common stock. In addition, the overall integration of the businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses and loss of customer relationships, among other potential adverse consequences. Actual integration costs may exceed those estimated and there may be further unanticipated costs and the assumption of known and unknown liabilities. While we have assumed that we will incur certain integration expenses, there are factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of such expenses. Many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately. If we cannot integrate and operate acquired properties or businesses to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. The risks of combining businesses include, among others: we may have underestimated the costs to make any necessary improvements to the acquired properties; the acquired properties may be subject to reassessment, which may result in higher than expected property tax payments; we may be unable to integrate new acquisitions quickly and efficiently, particularly acquisitions of operating businesses or portfolios of properties, into our existing operations; we may face difficulties in integrating employees and in retaining key personnel; we may face challenges in keeping existing customers, including key customers, which could adversely impact our revenue; we may be unable to effectively manage our expanded operations; and market conditions may result in higher than expected vacancy rates and lower than expected rental rates on acquired properties. Any one of these risks could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenue and diversion of our management s time and energy, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Several of our data centers, including the data centers which we have acquired in the past five years, have been under our management for a limited time. The data centers may have characteristics or deficiencies unknown to us that could affect their valuation or revenue potential. We cannot assure you that the operating performance of these data centers will not decline under our management. 28 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities related to our acquisitions, for which we may have no or limited recourse against the sellers. Our recent and future acquisitions may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no or limited recourse against the sellers. Unknown or contingent liabilities might include liabilities for clean-up or remediation of environmental conditions, claims of customers, vendors or other persons dealing with the acquired entities or the former owners of acquired properties or businesses, tax liabilities, claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of acquired properties or businesses, and other liabilities whether incurred in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. In addition, the total amount of costs and expenses that we may incur with respect to liabilities associated with our acquisitions may exceed our expectations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we have entered, and may in the future enter, into transactions with limited representations and warranties or with representations and warranties that do not survive the closing of such transactions, in which event we would have no or limited recourse against the sellers of such properties or businesses. While we usually require the sellers to indemnify us with respect to breaches of representations and warranties that survive, such indemnification is often limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant deductible or an aggregate cap on losses. We may obtain insurance policies providing for coverage for breaches of certain representations and warranties in certain transactions, subject to certain exclusions and a deductible, however, there can be no assurance that we would be able to recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches of any such representations and warranties. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by the sellers of their representations and warranties. Finally, indemnification agreements between us and the sellers typically provide that the sellers will retain certain specified liabilities relating to the properties or businesses acquired by us. While the sellers are generally contractually obligated to pay all losses and other expenses relating to such retained liabilities, there can be no guarantee that such arrangements will not require us to incur losses or other expenses as well. Joint venture (JV), fund and other investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on our JV partners financial condition and disputes between us and our partners. We currently, and may in the future, co-invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures, funds or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a property or portfolio of properties, partnership, joint venture, fund or other entity. In these events, we are not in a position to exercise sole decision- making authority regarding the properties, fund, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Investments in partnerships, joint ventures, funds or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present when a third party is not involved, including the possibility that partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. For example, our JV partners must agree in order for the applicable JV to take specific major actions, including approval of development or operating budgets, sales of property, debt financings, leasing and other materia