=== WAB_2026-03-31.htm.gz ===
wab-20260330 0000943452 FALSE DEF 14A iso4217:USD 0000943452 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000943452 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000943452 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000943452 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000943452 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000943452 6 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under sec.240.14a-12 WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION (NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) (NAME OF PERSON(S) FILING PROXY STATEMENT, IF OTHER THAN THE REGISTRANT) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials: Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Letter from the Chair Dear Stockholder: We invite you to attend the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation, doing business as Wabtec Corporation, on May 12, 2026, at 12 p.m. Eastern Time. The meeting will be held virtually via live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WAB2026. You may attend and participate in the Annual Meeting online by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WAB2026, where you will be able to vote electronically and submit questions. To join the meeting, please use the 16-digit control number included on your proxy card. For more than 155 years, Wabtec has been at the forefront of developing innovative technologies that continue to transform the global rail industry. Our unique portfolio addresses some of the world s most critical challenges enhancing efficiency, improving safety, and contributing positively to communities and the planet. With 2025 behind us, I would like to take this opportunity to reflect on how the Wabtec Board of Directors has continued to work on your behalf. As stewards of your investment, the Board is responsible for understanding stockholder perspectives, overseeing material risks, and providing long-term guidance aligned with Wabtec s strategic vision. Your Board is composed of leaders with extensive experience in global corporate strategy, the rail industry, technology and innovation, risk management, corporate finance, and regulatory and compliance matters. Wabtec remains committed to maintaining a contemporary Board, with ongoing refreshment to ensure that our collective expertise aligns with the Company s long-term growth opportunities, risk oversight, and value creation objectives. We believe diversity of experience and perspective supports effective decision-making and strengthens oversight of business strategy, innovation, and risk management. Our Board also remains deeply committed to engaging directly with our stockholders. In 2025, representatives of Wabtec management conducted meetings focused on strategy, governance, sustainability, and social topics with stockholders representing 77% of shares outstanding. This ongoing engagement provides valuable perspective and helps strengthen the Company. Wabtec continues to develop solutions and technologies that will drive the rail industry - and the broader transportation landscape - toward a more efficient, sustainable future. I have the utmost confidence in the direction of the Company and in the leadership team that will guide it forward. On behalf of the entire Board, I am encouraged by Wabtec s progress and excited for what lies ahead. This year s Annual Meeting is particularly meaningful for me, as it will mark my final meeting as Chairman before I retire from the Board. It has been an honor to serve Wabtec and its stockholders, and I am deeply proud of the Company s accomplishments and the strength of its leadership. I leave with full confidence that Wabtec is well positioned for continued success. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, please cast your vote by proxy over the Internet by following the instructions provided in the Notice, by telephone, or by requesting a paper proxy card to sign, date, and return by mail. Regardless of the method you choose, we encourage you to vote so that enough shares are represented to conduct the business of the Annual Meeting. Voting in advance does not affect your right to vote if you choose to attend the meeting virtually. Sincerely yours, Albert J. Neupaver Chairman of the Board March 31, 2026 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting WHEN: May 12, 2026 at 12 p.m. ET WHERE: www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/WAB2026 How to Vote You may vote while attending the virtual meeting or by proxy. You will need the 16-digit number included in your proxy card, voting instruction form or notice. BY INTERNET: www.proxyvote.com BY PHONE: 1-800-690-6903 BY MAIL: completing, signing, dating and mailing a proxy card in the envelope provided AT THE MEETING: You may vote while attending the virtual meeting or by proxy. Please follow the instructions on your Notice. Please vote with respect to each Notice you receive. Your vote is very important. Voting Items Purpose Board Recommendation Page Reference 1 Elect three directors for a term of three years expiring in 2029 a FOR 8 2 Approve an advisory (non-binding) resolution to approve the 2025 named executive officer compensation a FOR 34 3 Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year a FOR 66 Misc. Other Conduct other business if properly raised NA NA Procedures If you own stock directly, please vote by proxy over the Internet, by telephone or by requesting a proxy card. If you own stock through a bank, stockbroker or trustee, please vote by following the instructions included in the material that you receive from your bank, stockbroker or trustee. Only stockholders of record on March 16, 2026 receive notice of, and may vote at, the meeting. How to Vote: Your vote is important. You may vote while attending the virtual meeting or by proxy. We recommend you vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the virtual meeting. You can change your vote at the virtual meeting if you are a stockholder whose shares are registered in your name. If you are a stockholder whose shares are registered in your name, you may vote your shares at the virtual meeting or by one of the three following methods: Vote by Internet, by going to the website address www.proxyvote.com and following the instructions for Internet voting shown on the website. Vote by Telephone, by dialing 1-800-690-6903 and following the instructions for telephone voting shown on the proxy card. Vote by Proxy Card, by completing, signing, dating and mailing a proxy card in the envelope provided if you requested copies of these proxy materials. If you vote by Internet or telephone, you do not need to request a proxy card. Shares registered in your name are generally covered by one Notice. If you hold shares through someone else, such as a bank, stockbroker, or trustee, you will get a Notice from them asking you to vote. Please follow the instructions on their Notice. Please vote with respect to each Notice you receive. David L. DeNinno Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary March 31, 2026 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Please vote over the Internet, by telephone, by requesting a proxy card or vote while attending the Annual Meeting. Company Overview REVOLUTIONIZING THE WAY THE WORLD MOVES FOR FUTURE GENERATIONS Wabtec is a global provider of value-added, technology-based locomotives, equipment, systems and services for the freight rail and passenger transit industries, as well as the mining, marine and industrial markets. Drawing on more than 155 years of experience, we are leading the way in safety, efficiency, reliability, innovation and productivity. Whether it s freight, transit, ports, logistics, mining, industrial or marine, our expertise, technologies and people together accelerate the future of transportation. GLOBAL IMPACT PRODUCTS THAT SPAN MORE THAN 100 COUNTRIES $11.17B 2025 Revenues ~31K Global Employees 50+ Countries with Wabtec operations FORTUNE 500 COMPANY ~24.6K Global locomotives in our installed base 7K+ Over 7,000 Patents DRIVERS OF PORTFOLIO GROWTH Accelerate innovation of scalable technologies Grow and refresh expansive global installed base Drive efficiencies through emerging technologies Expand high-margin recurring revenue streams Drive continuous operational improvement 2026 Proxy Statement / 1 Table of Contents Company Overview 1 Proxy Statement Summary 3 Voting Roadmap 3 Financial and Business Highlights 3 Wabtec Board of Directors at a Glance 4 Continuing Board Member Highlights 5 Elements of 202 5 Target Executive Compensation 5 CEO and Other NEO Pay 6 Sustainability Highlights 6 Corporate Governance Highlights 7 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors 8 Our Continuing Directors 9 Board Skills and Qualifications 9 Biographies of our Directors 10 Director Nomination Process 17 Corporate Governance 19 Board Structure and Operations 19 The Board s Oversight Role 24 Stockholder Engagement and Director Communications 27 Governance Policies and Practices 28 Sustainability 30 Oversight of Sustainability 30 Sustainability Highlights 31 Non-Employee Director Compensation 32 Overview 32 2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation 32 PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers 34 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 35 CD A Table of Contents 35 Named Executive Officers 35 Executive Summary 35 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 38 Executive Compensation Decision-Making Process 38 202 5 NEO Compensation 40 NEO Pay Summaries 48 Other Compensation Policies and Practices 49 Compensation and Talent Management Committee Report 51 Executive Compensation Tables 52 Summary Compensation Table 52 202 5 Grants of Plan Based Awards 54 202 5 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 55 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 56 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 56 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 57 CEO Pay Ratio 61 Pay Versus Performance 62 202 5 Pay Versus Performance Table 62 Most Important Performance Measures for 2025 64 Relationship of Compensation Actually Paid to Certain Measures 64 PROPOSAL 3 Ratify Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 66 Audit Matters 67 Fees to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 67 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 67 Audit Committee Report 68 Common Stock Ownership 69 Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership 69 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 70 Questions and Answers Relating to the Annual Meeting 71 Appendix A-1 2 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary This proxy statement summary highlights certain information contained in this Proxy Statement. You should read the entire Proxy Statement and the 2025 Annual Report carefully before you vote. Voting Roadmap Stockholders will be asked to vote on the following matters at the 2026 Annual Meeting: Proposals Board Recommendation Page 1 Elect three directors for a term of three years expiring in 2029 FOR Each Nominee 8 2 Advisory (Non-Binding) Resolution to Approve the 2025 Named Executive Officer Compensation FOR 34 3 Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year FOR 66 How to Vote You may vote while attending the virtual meeting or by proxy. You will need the 16-digit number included in your proxy card, voting instruction form or notice. BY INTERNET: www.proxyvote.com BY PHONE: 1-800-690-6903 BY MAIL: completing, signing, dating and mailing a proxy card in the envelope provided AT THE MEETING: You may vote while attending the virtual meeting or by proxy. Please follow the instructions on your Notice. Please vote with respect to each Notice you receive. Your vote is very important. Financial and Business Highlights for 2025 Sales Operating Margin Earnings per Share Cash Flow from Operations $11.17B 16.1% GAAP $6.83 GAAP $1.76B Up 7.5% Year over Year 20.3% Adjusted 1 $8.97 Adjusted 1 (1) Please refer to the Appendix to this Proxy Statement for a description and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures relative to reported GAAP financial measures. 2026 Proxy Statement / 3 Proxy Statement Summary Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Three Directors a The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee. See page 8 Wabtec Board of Directors at a Glance Name and Primary Occupation Age Director Since Other Current Public Directorships Committee Membership AC CTMC GC RPPC Nominees for Election Term Expiring in 2026 Rafael Santana President and Chief Executive Officer, Wabtec 54 2019 1 Lee C. Banks Retired, Vice Chairman and President, Parker Hannifin Corporation 63 2020 0 M C Byron S. Foster* President and Chief Executive Officer Dana Incorporated 57 2021 0 M M M Continuing Directors Term Expiring in 2027 Linda A. Harty* Retired, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer, Medtronic plc 65 2016 2 C M Brian P. Hehir* Retired, Vice Chairman, Investment Banking for Merrill Lynch 72 2007 0 M M M Beverley A. Babcock * Retired, Senior Vice President Finance Administration and Controller, Imperial Oil 65 2022 1 M M C Term Expiring in 2028 Juan Perez Retired, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Salesforce 59 2025 2 M M M Ann R. Klee Retired, Executive Vice President, Suffolk Construction Company 64 2019 1 C M Retiring Director Albert J. Neupaver Retired, President and Chief Executive Officer, Wabtec 75 2006 1 Independent Director AC Audit Committee Lead Independent Director CTMC Compensation and Talent Management Committee * Audit Committee Financial Expert GC Governance Committee RPPC Risk and Public Policy Committee M Member C Chair 4 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary Continuing Board Member Highlights Highly Engaged Board All directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting All directors attended at least 75% or more of the Board and Committee meetings in 2025 Active strategy and risk oversight by the Board and Committees including: business and market risks, cybersecurity risks, human capital management, M A and strategic transactions Refreshment 4 new directors appointed in the last 6 years More than one-third of our continuing directors will be women and more than one-third will be racially or ethnically diverse Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Compensation of our Named Executive Officers a The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 34 Elements of 2025 Target Executive Compensation Performance Period Performance Metrics Tied to Strategy Base Salary Annual Individual contribution to the business Capabilities Annual Cash Incentive Annual Adjusted Earnings Per Share Cash Conversion Personal performance modifier (EBIT Margin %) Long-Term Equity Incentives Three years 3-year average annual return on invested capital 3-year average cash from operating activities Relative total stockholder return modifier 2026 Proxy Statement / 5 Proxy Statement Summary Table of Contents CEO and Other NEO Pay Proposal 3 Ratify Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm a The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 66 The Audit Committee recommends ratification of its appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. Ernst Young LLP served as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm since 2002. The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors believe that the continued retention of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of the Company and its stakeholders. Sustainability Highlights 2025 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS Introduced EVO modernizations with EVO Advantage upgrades available, providing up to 7% improvement in fuel, enabled by Wabtec s eTurbo exhaust energy recovery system Delivered R255 hybrid battery-diesel work locomotives to New York s Metropolitan Transit Authority, improving local air quality, particularly in subway tunnels Achieved Wabtec s 2030 safety goal of reducing our workplace illness and injury rate by 34% from the 2019 baseline and zero fatalities in 2025 Hosted a week-long science, technology, engineering, art, and math (STEAM) camp for sixth- and seventh-grade students at multiple Wabtec locations Implemented our largest single greenhouse gas reduction project to date, reducing Wabtec s total Scope 1 emissions by 6% through improved process heating efficiencies and a summer steam system shutdown at our Erie facility Read more about our sustainability highlights in the Sustainability Highlights section on page 31 . 6 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary Corporate Governance Highlights Board Oversight Board Independence Stockholder Rights Active strategy and risk oversight by full Board and committees including: business and market risks, human capital management, cybersecurity, M A and strategic transactions The Board provides strong oversight of sustainability risks and opportunities Four members of the Audit Committee are deemed to be audit committee financial experts The Lead Independent Director plays a robust role. During 2025 the Board Chair presided over executive sessions of independent directors. Going forward, the Lead Independent Director will preside over executive sessions, will serve as a liaison between the Independent Directors and the CEO and will perform additional obligations identified in the Corporate Governance Guidelines Executive sessions of non-management directors at all regular Board meetings Audit Committee, Compensation and Talent Management Committee, Governance Committee and Risk and Public Policy Committee comprised solely of independent directors Board commitment to recruiting qualified, and experienced director candidates with a range of backgrounds and experience Bylaws provide a stockholder right to call special meetings Majority voting for uncontested director elections Proxy access for large, long-term stockholders Year-round stockholder engagement Executive Compensation Other Governance Practices Robust stock ownership guidelines for officers and directors Minimum vesting of 12 months for restricted stock Policy against hedging or pledging of Wabtec shares by officers and directors Limits on outside directorships External Board evaluation Annual self-assessment Annual review and updates to Corporate Governance Guidelines All directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting and 75% or more of the Board and Committee meetings in 2025 Policy against using preferred shares for anti-takeover purposes 2026 Proxy Statement / 7 Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Directors Wabtec s Board of Directors currently has nine members. The Board is divided into three classes whose terms of office end in successive years. Rafael Santana, Lee C. Banks and Byron S. Foster are incumbent directors whose terms of office are expiring and have been nominated to serve for new terms ending in 2029. Albert Neupaver is a current director who is retiring as a director. All nominations were made by the Governance Committee (the Governance Committee ), as further described on page 20, and approved by the entire Board of Directors. The Governance Committee is engaged in an ongoing board refreshment process consistent with the process set forth in its charter. Majority Voting for Directors and Vote Required Under our amended and restated bylaws, each director is elected by the majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting in an uncontested election (i.e., an election where the number of nominees is not greater than the number of directors to be elected). For this purpose, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director s election exceeds 50 percent of the number of votes cast with respect to that director s election. Votes cast exclude abstentions and broker non-votes. In a contested election (i.e., in the event the number of director nominees for election at a meeting of stockholders exceeds the number of directors to be elected at that meeting), each director to be so elected will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Each director nominee has agreed to provide a letter of resignation to the Board should such nominee fail to receive the required number of votes. The Board may accept such resignation at its discretion. Your proxy will be voted for the election of these nominees unless you vote against a nominee or affirmatively abstain. If any nominee is unable or unwilling to stand for election, your proxy authorizes us to vote for a replacement nominee if the Board names one. See the guidelines set forth on page 8 regarding the election of directors by the vote of the majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting. a The Board recommends you vote FOR each of the following director nominees: Rafael Santana, Lee C. Banks and Byron S. Foster 8 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Our Continuing Directors Board Skills and Qualifications Term Expires in 2026 Term Expires in 2027 Term Expires in 2028 Board Members Public Company Leadership Experience Experience serving in senior leadership roles and/or on the Boards of significantly sized publicly traded companies; contributes to the Board s understanding of operations and strategy and demonstrates leadership capability l l l l l l l Risk Management Experience Experience identifying, managing, and mitigating significant business risks including cybersecurity and information technology l l l l l l l l Industry Experience Experience in understanding the issues which the Company faces in the principal industry in which it operates, including dynamics within the freight and transit rail sectors, key performance indicators, lean manufacturing, supply chains, sales and marketing, and the competitive environment l l Sustainability Experience Experience in overseeing and addressing, sustainability and climate related risks and opportunities in order to support the Company s efforts to meet its sustainability commitments to its employees, customers and communities l l l l l l Financial Accounting Experience Experience in financial management, reporting and controls, capital allocation, capital structure, financial risks and strategy, and mergers and acquisitions l l l l l l l l Human Capital Management Experience Supports oversight on matters such as succession planning, talent and leadership development, retention and compensation l l l l l l l l Global Experience Experience conducting business around the world in a global economy l l l l l l l l Technology Innovation Experience Experience in engineering, research and development, product and process innovation, digitization and emerging technologies l l l l l Government, Regulatory Compliance Experience Experience in public policy and regulatory matters, legal issues and compliance, corporate governance, and business ethics and integrity l l l l l l l l 2026 Proxy Statement / 9 Our Board of Directors Table of Contents Biographies of our Directors Director Nominees to Serve for Three-Year Term The biographical information below highlights the specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and background that led the Board to conclude that each director nominee should serve on the Board. The Governance Committee and the Board also determined that each director nominee possesses certain intangible attributes and skills and is qualified to serve as a director. Rafael Santana Age: 54 Director Since: 2019 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Committees: None Biographical Information President and Chief Executive Officer of Wabtec since July 2019. President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Transportation, a division of General Electric (GE) Company, from November 2017 to February 2019. Mr. Santana joined GE in 2000 and held a variety of global leadership roles in GE s Transportation, Power, and Oil Gas businesses. Current Other Directorship Member of the Board of Directors of Travelers Insurance since January 2022. 1 Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience 25 years of global executive leadership experience in Fortune 300 companies. Extensive experience with international operations, product management, human capital management, commercial expertise, expertise regarding public company management, corporate governance, strategy and M A. Deep understanding of the transportation and rail industry with more than 10 years of experience in the sector. (1) Mr. Santana will not stand for re-election to the Board of Directors of the Travelers Companies, Inc. ( Travelers Insurance ) at Travelers Insurance s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 10 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Our Board of Directors Lee C. Banks Age: 63 Director Since: 2020 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committees: Compensation and Talent Management Governance (Chair) Biographical Information Vice Chairman and President of Parker-Hannifin Corporation (a motion and control technologies manufacturing company) from August 2021 through December 2023. President and Chief Operating Officer of Parker-Hannifin from February 2015 to August 2021. Executive Vice President and Operating Officer of Parker-Hannifin from 2008 to 2015 and Senior Vice President and Operating Officer of Parker-Hannifin from 2006 to 2008. Past Other Directorships Member, Board of Directors of Parker Hannifin Corporation from 2015 to 2023. Board of Directors of Nordson Corporation (a precision technology and equipment manufacturing company) from 2010 to 2020. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience Senior Executive with extensive experience as President and Chief Operating Officer leading a Fortune 250 Company and expertise regarding public company management. Significant industrial executive management, human capital management and operational experiences in leading complex, multi-national manufacturing and operational footprints. Service on other public company boards. Byron S. Foster Age: 57 Director Since: 2021 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Audit Committee Financial Expert Committees: Audit Compensation and Talent Management Governance Biographical Information President and Chief Executive Officer of Dana Incorporated (a global leader in powertrain systems) effective July 1, 2026. President, Light Vehicle Drive Systems at Dana Incorporated from July 2021 to July 1, 2026. Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial, Marketing and Communications Officer of Dana Incorporated from February 2021 to July 2021. Chief Executive Officer of Shield T3 (a COVID-19 testing company) from June 2020 to February 2021. Executive Vice President of Adient PLC from 2016 to 2019. Prior to 2016, Mr. Foster served in various senior executive commercial and operational roles at Johnson Controls, Inc. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience Extensive human capital management, operational, supply chain, and commercial experience in the industrial sector. Experienced senior leader in global operations and commercial businesses focused on growth, profitability and technical innovation. 2026 Proxy Statement / 11 Our Board of Directors Table of Contents Directors Continuing in Office Five continuing directors are serving terms that end after the 2026 Annual Meeting. The biographical information below highlights the specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and background that led the Board to conclude that each director should serve on the Board. The Governance Committee and the Board also determined that each director possesses certain intangible attributes and skills and is qualified to serve as a director. Continuing Directors with Three-Year Term Expiring in 2027 Linda A. Harty Age: 65 Director Since: 2016 LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Audit Committee Financial Expert Committees: Audit (Chair) Governance Biographical Information Vice President, Finance Treasurer of Medtronic, plc, a global leader in medical technology services and solutions, from February 2010 to April 2017. Prior to 2010, Ms. Harty held executive and management positions with Cardinal Health, RTM Restaurant Group, BellSouth, ConAgra Foods and Kimberly-Clark. Current Other Directorships Member of the Board of Directors of Parker-Hannifin Corporation since 2007 serving on the Audit Committee and as a member of the Corporate Governance Committee. Member of the Board of Directors of Chart Industries, Inc., since 2021, serving on the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee (Chair), Audit Committee, and formerly on the Compensation Committee. Past Other Directorships From 2017 until March 1, 2023, served as a member of the Board of Directors of Syneos Health and served on the Audit Committee and Compensation and Management Development Committee. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience Extensive financial expertise, particularly in the areas of treasury, tax, decision support and acquisitions in multiple complex and global industries. Service on other public company boards. Certified Public Accountant (inactive). 12 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Our Board of Directors Brian P. Hehir Age: 72 Director Since: 2007 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Audit Committee Financial Expert Committees: Audit Compensation and Talent Management Risk and Public Policy Biographical Information Vice Chairman of Investment Banking for Merrill Lynch from 1999 to 2008. Former Chair of the Georgetown University School of Nursing and Health Studies Board of Visitors. Past Other Directorships Former member of the Board of Directors of Catholic Health Services of Long Island. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience Extensive career in global financial markets with over 30 years of experience working in investment banking, financing, corporate advisory services and capital markets. Experience in risk management and regulatory oversight through his background in highly regulated industries. Beverley A. Babcock Age: 65 Director Since: 2022 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Audit Committee Financial Expert Committees: Audit Compensation and Talent Management Risk and Public Policy (Chair) Biographical Information Senior Vice President Finance Administration and Controller, Imperial Oil from 2015 to 2018. Prior to 2015, Ms. Babcock held a variety of financial leadership executive roles at ExxonMobil including Assistant Controller and Vice President Financial Services.Experience in risk management and regulatory oversight through his background in highly regulated industries. Current Other Directorships Member of the Board of Directors, Olin Corporation since 2019, serving on the Executive Committee and Audit Committee (Chair). Member of the Board of Directors, Forte Foundation since 2018. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience Extensive experience in senior finance and accounting leadership positions at complex and global companies of significant size. Senior financial executive with extensive experience in human capital management, strategy and policy in a significant Fortune 100 multi-national company. Service on other public company boards. Member, Good Standing of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario and Canada. 2026 Proxy Statement / 13 Our Board of Directors Table of Contents Continuing Directors with Three-Year Term Expiring in 2028 Juan Perez Age: 59 Director Since: 2025 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committees: Audit Governance Risk and Public Policy Biographical Information Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Salesforce (a cloud-based software company), from 2022 to 2025. Mr. Perez continues in an advisory role with Salesforce. Prior to 2022, Mr. Perez spent 32 years at United Parcel Service, Inc. (a multinational shipping and receiving and supply chain management company) in a variety of leadership positions including Chief Information and Engineering Officer and Chief Information Officer. Current Other Directorships Member, Board of Directors, CloudOne Digital - a OneEquity company (Private Equity). Member, Board of Directors, American International Group, Inc. (a multinational insurance corporation). Past Other Directorships Member, Board of Directors, The Hershey Company (a confectionery company) from 2019 to 2025. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience Extensive experience in commercial, operational planning, logistics and technological expertise (including transformation and artificial intelligence). Significant experience in supply chain management, logistics, digital technology, information security, innovation and data analytics. Service on other public company boards. 14 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Our Board of Directors Ann R. Klee Age: 64 Director Since: 2019 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Committees: Compensation and Talent Management (Chair) Risk and Public Policy Biographical Information Executive Vice President, Suffolk Construction Company (a vertically integrated construction company) from February 2020 to March 2021. Vice President, General Electric Company from 2008 to September 2019. Co-Chair of the Environmental and Natural Resources Group of Crowell Moring LLP from September 2006 to January 2008. General Counsel of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency from 2004 to 2006. Counselor and Special Assistant to the Secretary of the U.S. Department of the Interior from January 2001 to June 2004. Chief Counsel of the U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works from September 1997 to January 2001. Current Other Directorships Member of the Board of Directors of Sotera Health Company since 2020 serving on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) and Audit Committee. Member of the Board of Directors of Assent, Inc. (a technology company for supply chain compliance management) since November 2023. Chair of the Board of Directors of Center for Climate and Energy Solutions. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience Industry expert in the fields of environmental law and regulatory compliance, sustainability, and health and safety. Significant experience in the areas of risk management, corporate governance, and public policy. Service on other public company boards. 2026 Proxy Statement / 15 Our Board of Directors Table of Contents Director Departing the Board The biographical information below highlights Mr. Neupaver's specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and background that qualified Mr. Neupaver to serve on the Board. After years of accomplished leadership, Mr. Neupaver will retire in May 2026. Albert J. Neupaver Age: 75 Director Since: 2006 INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR (as of June 2023) Chairman of the Board Committees: None Biographical Information Chairman or Executive Chairman of the Board of Wabtec since May 2014. President and Chief Executive Officer of Wabtec from February 2006 until May 2014. President of the Electromechanical Group of AMETEK, Inc. from 1998 to February 2006. Current Other Directorships Member of the Board of Directors of Koppers Holdings Inc. since 2009. Director of Carnegie Science Center, Executive Board Member of UPMC Children s Hospital Foundation, Board Member of Heinz History Center, Member of the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Museums, Director of the Wabtec Foundation. Past Other Directorships Member of Robbins Myers, Inc. Board of Directors from January 2009 to February 2013. Member of Genesee Wyoming Inc. Board of Directors from October 2015 to December 2019. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience Extensive experience as an officer and director of Wabtec with significant rail and transportation industry knowledge, expertise regarding public company management, corporate governance, human capital management, strategy and M A. Led Wabtec to unprecedented growth throughout the business cycle during his tenure in executive leadership roles at the Company. Service on other public company boards. 16 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Our Board of Directors Director Nomination Process Overview of Nomination Process The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that individuals are selected to join the Board based on their business or professional experience, personal characteristics, diversity of backgrounds and skillsets, and their array of talents and perspectives. The Board believes that diverse membership with varying perspectives and breadth of experience is an important Board attribute and will enhance the quality of the Board s deliberations and decisions. The Board has a comprehensive, ongoing director succession planning process designed to provide for a highly independent, well-qualified Board, with the experience and background to be effective and to provide strong oversight. The Board regularly evaluates the needs of the Company and adds new attributes, viewpoints and experiences to the Board, as necessary to best position the Company to navigate through a constantly changing business environment. The Governance Committee is responsible for leading the search for qualified people for the Board s consideration for election as directors. In considering director nominees, the Governance Committee conducts inquiries into the background and qualifications of possible candidates and actively recruits qualified individuals. The Governance Committee does not have specific minimum qualifications that must be met for a prospective director candidate to be nominated. In evaluating candidates for the Board, the Governance Committee considers the entirety of each candidate s credentials. The Company believes that diversity of backgrounds and skillsets is important at all levels of the Company, starting with the Board itself. Accordingly, the Governance Committee intends to recruit candidates with diverse backgrounds and skillsets as part of the search process, and to recommend candidates based on their business or professional experiences, the diversity of their backgrounds and their array of talents and perspectives. The Governance Committee does not have a specific diversity policy with respect to identifying director candidates. The Governance Committee also considers the candidate s character, integrity, understanding of strategy and policy-setting, and reputation for working well with others. In connection with this evaluation, the Governance Committee determines whether to interview the prospective nominee. After completing this evaluation and interview, the Governance Committee makes a recommendation to the full Board as to the persons who should be nominated by the Board, and the Board determines the nominees after considering the recommendation and report of the Governance Committee. If candidates are recommended to the Governance Committee by the Company s stockholders, such candidates are evaluated using the same criteria. With respect to the nomination of continuing directors for re-election, the individual s prior contributions to the Board are also considered. The Governance Committee has considered and recommended to the Board that each of the nominees presented in this proxy statement has the qualities, skill sets and attributes that are important to an effective Board. On an annual basis, the Governance Committee (i) assesses the effectiveness of its approach, (ii) reviews its charter and the Corporate Governance Guidelines and (iii) reviews the effectiveness of the Board and each Committee of the Board. 2026 Proxy Statement / 17 Our Board of Directors Table of Contents Board Oversight The Board s overall diversity of backgrounds and experience is a significant consideration in the director nomination process. The continuing Directors and nominees range in age from 54 to 72. Three of our Directors have served on the Board for five years or less. The Company believes that differences in tenure also facilitate effective Board oversight. Directors with long tenures provide the Board with a deep knowledge of the Company and the industry, while newer directors provide fresh perspectives. Board Changes since 2020 Skills of newly added Directors 4 GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY NEW DIRECTORS HAVE BEEN ADDED TO THE BOARD PUBLIC COMPANY LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE 4 FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING DIRECTORS HAVE RETIRED OR DID NOT SEEK RE-ELECTION TO THE BOARD TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION AND CYBERSECURITY Director Independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require a majority of the Board to be independent and set forth the Board s current independence criteria. For a Director to be considered an Independent Director , the Board must annually determine that he or she has no material relationship with the Company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization which has such a relationship with the Company). The basis for the Company s determination of independence is based on the applicable New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ) and rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). No Director is considered to be an Independent Director if he or she: has been employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in the last three years; has been affiliated with or employed by the Company s independent accounting firm in the last three years; has in the last three years been part of an interlocking directorate in which an executive officer of the Company sits on the compensation committee of another company which concurrently employs the director; has in the last three years received more than $120,000 in direct compensation from the Company, other than director fees and deferred compensation, and with respect to Audit Committee members, accepted directly or indirectly any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the Company or any of its subsidiaries; is currently employed by a company that in any of the last three years has received payments from or made payments to the Company in an amount that exceeds the greater of $1 million and 2% of such other company s gross revenue; or has an immediate family member who falls within any of the above categories, except that an immediate family member may be an employee of, but not a partner of, the Company s independent accounting firm and not impair the Director s independence if such immediate family member does not personally work on the Company s audit. The Board has reviewed the independence of its members considering these standards and any other commercial, legal, accounting and familial relationships between the directors and Wabtec and determined that all of its members were independent during 2025, with the exception of Mr. Santana due to his position as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. None of such Independent Directors has a material relationship with Wabtec and each such director meets the Board s categorical independence standards and the independence requirements of the NYSE. The Board s Audit Committee, Compensation and Talent Management Committee, Governance Committee and Risk and Public Policy Committee are composed entirely of directors who meet the independence requirements of the NYSE. Each member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation and Talent Management Committee also meets the additional independence standards for such committee members required by the SEC. 18 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Board Structure and Operations Board Leadership Structure The Board evaluates its leadership structure annually. The Company currently has a non-executive, independent Chairman of the Board, a separate Chief Executive Officer, and a Lead Independent Director, currently Ms. Harty, who is elected from among the Independent Directors in their discretion. Consistent with our director retirement policy, Mr. Neupaver, our Board Chair, will retire from the Board following the Annual Meeting. He has served on the Board since 2006 and as Chair since 2014. The Board intends to appoint Mr. Santana, our CEO, as Board Chair following Mr. Neupaver s retirement. All of the continuing members of the Board other than Mr. Santana are independent and their average tenure is under 7.5 years. The Board will elect a Lead Independent Director who will be tasked with, in general, fostering open communication among independent directors and serving as the principal point of contact between the Board and senior management. The Board s decision to combine the Chair and CEO roles was based upon four key factors: A combined Chair and CEO structure provides us leadership with clearer accountability to stockholders and other constituents. Having Mr. Santana serve as CEO and Chair allows him to more effectively execute our strategic initiatives. Mr. Santana is intimately involved in the direct oversight of our operations and, as such, is positioned to elevate the most critical issues to the Board. The combined role is both counterbalanced and enhanced by the effective oversight and independence of our Board and the independent leadership provided by our Lead Independent Director, independent committee chairs and other directors. The Company intends to have its Corporate Governance Guidelines establish the following more specific responsibilities for the Lead Independent Director: Convening and presiding at meetings or executive sessions of the independent directors and communicating the results of such meetings to the Board Chair. Serving as the principal liaison between the Board and the Board Chair and other senior executives, recognizing that each director is free to communicate directly with the senior management. Approving all agendas and schedules for Board meetings. Presiding at Board meetings at which the Chair is not present. Discharging such other responsibilities as the independent directors may designate from time to time. Executive Sessions The independent directors hold regular executive sessions without management in order to assure open communication. During 2025 the Board Chair presided over the executive sessions. Going forward, the Board intends to have the Lead Independent Director preside over executive sessions. 2026 Proxy Statement / 19 Corporate Governance Table of Contents Committees of the Board The standing Board Committees that help the Board fulfill its duties include the Governance Committee, the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Talent Management Committee (the Compensation Committee ), and the Risk and Public Policy Committee (the Risk Committee ). The Governance Committee Committee Members: A current copy of the charter is available on Wabtec s website at: http://www.wabteccorp.com - investor relations - corporate governance Number of Meetings in 2025: 5 Lee C. Banks Chair Byron S. Foster Linda A. Harty Juan Perez The Governance Committee was established by the Board in order to provide focused, independent directorate oversight and input on (i) the Company s corporate governance practices and (ii) candidates for election to the Board, consistent with criteria approved by the Board. The specific responsibilities of the Governance Committee are to: define and articulate the Company s overall corporate governance guidelines, structures and practices, including the practices of the Board; lead the search for qualified people for the Board s consideration for election as directors; review and assess the independence of each director nominee at the time of initial election to the Board and at least annually thereafter; assess transactions, if any, in which directors or officers have interests that are in addition to or separate from the interest of stockholders generally (excluding compensation-related matters considered by the Compensation Committee) and the Company s policies related to such transactions; review the Board committees and make recommendations concerning their composition not less frequently than annually; review and work with senior management in respect of stockholder engagement and communication, including stockholder proposals received from time to time; recommend a process for the Board and each committee s annual self-evaluations, as well as director orientation and education practices; annually evaluate the performance of the Board as a whole and lead the Board s review of management performance; oversee on behalf of the Board CEO succession planning and provide input to the Compensation Committee with respect to its annual CEO review; and review compliance with the Company s code of business conduct, including alleged violations, and review in conjunction with the Risk Committee the Company s compliance and risk management policies and procedures. All of the members of the Governance Committee are independent, as independence for such members is defined in the listing standards of the NYSE and the rules of the SEC. 20 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance The Audit Committee Committee Members: A current copy of the charter is available on Wabtec s website at: http://www.wabteccorp.com - investor relations - corporate governance Number of Meetings in 2025: 6 Linda A. Harty Chair Beverley A. Babcock Byron S. Foster Brian P. Hehir Juan Perez The Audit Committee was established by the Board to provide focused, independent directorate oversight and input on (i) the Company s accounting, control and audit systems, financial statements and financial and accounting elements of its public reporting, (ii) the Company s independent accountant s qualifications, independence, utilization and results of its audits and reviews and (iii) the Company s internal audit function. The specific responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to: review financial statements and SEC reports; review any significant changes in accounting principles and developments in accounting practices and the effects of such changes upon the Company s financial reporting; review the independent accountant s independence not less frequently than annually including any relationships or services that could be reasonably expected to impact its objectivity and independence, as well as the firm s internal quality control procedures, any inquiry by regulatory authorities regarding independent accounting by the firm and the Company s practices in respect of hiring former employees of the independent accountant; approve the independent accountant and all related compensation; annually review the audit and non-audit fees and services provided by the independent accountant; oversee the operation of the Company s internal audit function and controls and procedures; review the scope of the internal audit plan for the current year and results of internal audits; review the Company s critical accounting policies, the adequacy of the Company s system of internal controls, and the responsiveness of management in correcting deficiencies, if any, whether identified in internal or external audits and policies regarding enterprise risk assessment and management; review candidates for hire as CFO, controller, and head of internal audit; review with the Company s general counsel material legal and compliance matters, allegations of fraud or violations of the Company s business conduct policies and any other material issues affecting the Company s financial statements or public reports; oversees investigation of matters reported to the Company s Speak Up! Wabtec hotline, or otherwise presented which relate to bribery, corruption, accounting irregularities, financial impropriety or fraud, are handled by the Company s internal audit or legal compliance function, reporting to the Audit Committee; review reports from management on an annual or as-needed-basis; and review swaps and other derivative transactions. The Audit Committee is empowered to investigate any matter brought to its attention with full access to all books, records, facilities, and personnel of the Company and has the authority to engage independent counsel and other advisers, including accountants, as it determines necessary to carry out its duties. The Audit Committee has established procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal controls or auditing matters and the confidential anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. 2026 Proxy Statement / 21 Corporate Governance Table of Contents All of the members of the Audit Committee are independent, as defined in the rules of the SEC and in the listing standards of the NYSE. The Board has determined that each of Ms. Babcock, Ms. Harty, Mr. Foster and Mr. Hehir qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in the regulations of the SEC. The Compensation and Talent Management Committee Committee Members: A current copy of the charter is available on Wabtec s website at: http://www.wabteccorp.com - investor relations - corporate governance Number of Meetings in 2025: 7 Ann R. Klee, Chair Beverley A. Babcock Lee C. Banks Byron S. Foster Brian P. Hehir The Compensation and Talent Management Committee was established by the Board in order to provide focused, independent directorate oversight and input on (i) executive compensation plans and programs generally, (ii) the annual compensation of the Company s CEO and the annual compensation for the other executive officers of the Company, and (iii) the Company s talent management policies and programs, including internal succession planning and matters relating to equal opportunity. The Committee will recommend the CEO s compensation for consideration by the Board and will approve the compensation for other executive officers. The specific responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are to: define the Company s overall executive compensation philosophy and programs; review and approve the corporate goals and objectives relevant to CEO compensation, evaluate the CEO s performance in light of those goals and objectives and, together with the other independent directors, determine and approve the CEO s compensation and benefits based on this evaluation; review and approve compensation and benefits for the Company s executive officers, including change of control and employment and severance agreements; assess the results of the most recent proxy advisory vote on executive compensation and any other feedback garnered through the Company s ongoing stockholder outreach that may be in effect from time-to-time; review and discuss with management the Company s Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A), and recommend inclusion of the CD A in the Company s annual proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K, prepare and include the Compensation Committee Report in the Company s annual proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K, and report to stockholders on executive compensation items as required by SEC rules; evaluate annually the compensation policies and programs for executive officers and other employees to monitor risk management and risk-taking incentives to determine whether any such policies or programs are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company; monitor compliance with stock ownership guidelines; review the Company s management resources programs and recommend qualified candidates for election as officers, including CEO and management succession generally; and oversee the implementation and administration of any clawback or recoupment policies. All of the members of the Compensation Committee are independent, as independence for such members is defined in the rules of the SEC and the listing standards of the NYSE. The Governance Committee recommends the Compensation Committee members who are approved by the full Board of Directors. 22 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance In reviewing and approving compensation and benefits for the Company s executive officers, the Committee considers information provided by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Administrative Officer. This includes information on key employees, performance of individuals and the Company, relevant market and industry trends, succession planning, and other relevant data. The Compensation Committee also has retained Exequity as an external, independent compensation consultant to inform its deliberations, and additionally has the authority to retain other advisors and legal counsel as it deems necessary. The Committee has the sole authority to approve such consultants fees, which are payable by the Company. The Chief Executive Officer is not present during any discussions concerning his own compensation. Compensation and Talent Management Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Wabtec had no interlocking relationships during 2025 in which (i) an executive officer of Wabtec served as a member of the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on the Compensation Committee of Wabtec; (ii) an executive officer of Wabtec served as a director of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on the Compensation Committee of Wabtec; or (iii) an executive officer of Wabtec served as a member of the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a director of Wabtec. No member of the Compensation Committee was at any time during the 2025 fiscal year or at any other time an officer or employee of the Company. The Risk and Public Policy Committee Committee Members: A current copy of the charter is available on Wabtec s website at: http://www.wabteccorp.com - investor relations - corporate governance Number of Meetings in 2025: 3 Beverley A. Babcock Chair Brian P. Hehir Ann R. Klee Juan Perez The Risk Committee was established by the Board in order to provide independent directorate oversight of (i) enterprise risk, including the Company s risk management framework, (ii) the Company s compliance functions, including a designated segment of its hotline reporting function, and (iii) public policy and government relations matters. The specific responsibilities of the Risk Committee are to: review the reports and information provided by management; oversee the Company s compliance functions generally, including legal and regulatory requirements and corporate policies, except where specifically allocated to another Committee by law, Board action or corporate policy; oversee the Company s Speak up! Wabtec hotline function with respect to matters that are not related to bribery, corruption, accounting irregularities, financial impropriety or fraud, with respect to which the Audit Committee has oversight responsibility; oversee the Company s public policy matters, including policies, practices and strategies with respect to government relations, EHS matters, sustainability reporting, corporate social responsibility and trade association activities; review management s enterprise risk management ( ERM ) program not less frequently than annually and evaluate specific risks as may be indicated by material developments. All of the members of the Risk Committee are independent, as independence for such members is defined in the listing standards of the NYSE and the rules of the SEC. 2026 Proxy Statement / 23 Corporate Governance Table of Contents Director Engagement Meetings Wabtec s business is managed under the oversight of our Board which conducts business through meetings of its members and its Committees. The Board met seven times during 2025. It is the Company s policy that all Directors attend the annual meeting of stockholders if reasonably possible. All of our then-sitting directors attended the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. In addition, all directors attended more than 75% of all meetings of the Board and the Committees on which they served in 2025. Board Education and Onboarding The Company is committed to providing an initial orientation to Board service with the Company and continuing education covering such operational, financial and legal issues as may be appropriate given each Board member s background, experience and education. Without limiting the foregoing, each Board member is encouraged to propose and attend at least one supplemental educational program per year as he or she thinks appropriate for him or herself. Directors also have regular access to senior management. Board Evaluation Process Through the oversight of the Governance Committee, the Board performs a self-evaluation of its performance at least annually to determine whether the Board and its Committees are functioning effectively and following the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines also provide that an independent external consultant be engaged to provide an evaluation of the Board s performance at least every three years. In 2025, the Board conducted assessments to review the effectiveness of the Board overall and the effectiveness of each committee. 1 Develop Evaluation Form 2 Complete Evaluation Form 3 Review Feedback 4 Next Steps and Implementation u u u p q A formal self-evaluation questionnaire is administered to all members of the Board of Directors on an annual basis. The chairs of each committee also develop an evaluation form for each committee to determine the effectiveness of each committee. Each member of the Board participates in the evaluation process of the full Board and each respective committee. Director feedback is solicited through the formal evaluation process. An anonymized report is shared with the entire Board and each committee. The Board, each committee, and management review the feedback and assess any changes or steps to undertake to improve policies and processes to improve the effectiveness of the Board and each committee. p t The Board s Oversight Role Oversight of Strategy The Board annually reviews the Company s strategic priorities and material risks facing the business. At a regular and scheduled cadence, senior management presents business updates to the Board for each of the freight and transit segments related to the Company s corporate strategy and operating plans. The presentations include strategic plans for the short-term, mid-term, and long-term prospects while highlighting economic or market factors, financial and operational outlooks, and geopolitical factors. Various growth strategies are also presented to the Board, including strategic M A, effective capital allocation, share repurchase activity, debt positions, and dividend history and strategies. Outside advisors also play a role in identifying, evaluating, and analyzing risks facing the business. These outside advisors include our independent registered public accounting firm, external legal counsel, independent compensation consultants, and transportation or other industry experts. 24 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Oversight of Risk Management As part of its responsibilities set forth in its charter, the Risk Committee is responsible for discussing Wabtec s major risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control those exposures with management, including the Company s risk assessment and risk management policies. Wabtec s management prepares risk management reports that are presented to the Risk Committee. The Board is responsible for overseeing and monitoring the material risks facing the Company. annually reviews Wabtec s strategic plan which addresses, among other things, the risks and opportunities facing the Company. has delegated certain risk management oversight responsibility to the Board Committees. Each Committee reports to the full Board. Audit Committee oversees the Company s evaluation of major financial, accounting and reporting risks oversees the Company s Speak Up! Wabtec hotline, with respect to matters that relate to bribery, corruption, accounting irregularities, financial impropriety or fraud Governance Committee oversees risks related to governance matters, including the Company s succession planning at the Chief Executive Officer and other senior officer levels and Board leadership, composition and structure Compensation Committee oversees the evaluation of risks to the Company s business associated with the Company s total compensation strategy, compensation policies and talent management policies Risk Committee oversees the Company's compliance functions generally, as well as public policy matters, including policies, practices and strategies with respect to government relations, EHS matters, sustainability reporting, corporate social responsibility and trade association activities oversees the Company s Speak Up! Wabtec hotline with respect to matters for which the Audit Committee does not have oversight responsibility Management prepares reports relating to financial and internal controls, investigations, the Company s policies, review procedures, and reporting related to governance and sustainability matters, litigation and regulatory risk, and key controls and processes in specific business or functional areas, including cybersecurity, pension management, tax and environmental and sustainability tracking and reporting. periodically reports to the Risk Committee regarding the Company s risks, controls design and effectiveness. Enterprise Risk Management Process The Company s ERM program provides a routine and structured process to help identify and address the most significant strategic risks to the Company in non-siloed manners. The Risk Committee oversees the ERM Process on behalf of the Board. In 2025, the Company conducted its annual global risk survey to identify the top five enterprise risks to the Company over the next three years. The risk data was consolidated into risk categories which were ranked based on total scores and risk priority score (likelihood x severity). Risk owners were then identified for each risk category to be responsible and accountable for outlining risk mitigation strategies. Senior management provides routine updates to the Risk Committee on the progress and development of risk mitigation strategies. The top risk categories identified for 2025 included: (i) cybersecurity and data privacy, (ii) competition and market, (iii) geopolitical landscape instability, (iv) labor and talent management and (v) product safety, quality, and reliability. 2026 Proxy Statement / 25 Corporate Governance Table of Contents Oversight of Compensation Risk The Compensation Committee, with the assistance of its independent compensation consultant, conducted a risk assessment and extensively reviewed the elements of compensation to determine whether any portion of compensation encouraged excessive risk taking and concluded: significant weighting towards long-term incentive compensation discourages short-term risk taking; rolling three-year performance targets discourage short-term risk taking; incentive awards are capped by the Compensation Committee which discourages excessive risk taking; and equity ownership guidelines discourage excessive risk taking. Oversight of Cybersecurity Risk Our Board understands the importance of maintaining a secure environment for our products, data and systems that effectively supports our business objectives and customer needs. The Company has adopted a comprehensive approach with respect to acceptable use, risk management, data privacy, education and awareness, security incident management and reporting, identity and access management, third-party management, security (with respect to physical assets, products, networks and systems), security monitoring and vulnerability identification. The Company also maintains a global incident response plan and regularly conducts exercises to help with our overall preparedness. The Company takes measures to improve and update our cybersecurity program, including independent third-party assessments, penetration testing and scanning of our systems for vulnerabilities. The Company partners with assessors, consultants, auditors, and other third-party service providers and advisers to assist in monitoring cybersecurity risks. Cybersecurity risks are overseen by the Risk Committee. The Company provides frequent reports to the Risk Committee, which reports include information about cyber-risk management, the effectiveness of the Company s cybersecurity framework, and benchmarking the Company against its industry peers. In addition to these regularly scheduled updates, the Risk Committee and the Company maintain an ongoing dialogue regarding the Company s cybersecurity risk and posture. Risk is assessed utilizing internal key performance indicators and external evaluations to determine the Company s cybersecurity score in comparison to its peer group. The Company has instituted a Cybersecurity Awareness Month program and utilizes various methodologies throughout the year for continued awareness on emerging cybersecurity risks. Oversight of Management Succession Planning The performance of the CEO is reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee and the Board. The Governance Committee oversees CEO succession planning on behalf of the Board and provides input to the Compensation Committee with respect to its annual CEO review. The Compensation Committee has responsibility for reviewing the Company s management resources programs and management succession generally. As part of its review of the Company s culture and human capital management strategies, the Compensation Committee receives and discusses reports from management on an as-needed basis as deemed appropriate by the Compensation Committee. 26 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Stockholder Engagement and Director Communications Stockholder Engagement Ongoing engagement with our stockholders is important to us. We value our stockholders views, and their input is important to us. Our Investor Relations and Finance teams are dedicated to leading our engagement efforts and collaborating with Wabtec s management teams and subject matter experts in order to provide appropriate resources for engagement with our stockholders. We believe our engagements with stockholders have been constructive and have provided management and the Board with insights on issues and initiatives that are important to our stockholders and other stakeholders. Fall Winter Management actively participates in ongoing engagement, conferences, and discussions with stockholders. Management and the Board participate in off-season engagement to discuss governance, sustainability, risk, ESG matters and other emerging topics ahead of the upcoming proxy season. Summer Spring Management reports to the Board on the just-ended proxy season which includes discussions on voting results and stockholder feedback. The Annual Report and Proxy Statement are delivered to stockholders. We met with holders of 77% of our outstanding shares Company Representatives Vice President, Investor Relations CEO CFO General Counsel Board Members Senior members of management 2026 Proxy Statement / 27 Corporate Governance Table of Contents We communicate with our stockholders through a variety of means, including direct interface, investor presentations, investor conferences, company hosted events, analyst meetings, one-on-one meetings, our website, and publications we issue. We also initiate formal outreach efforts in the months prior to our annual meeting of stockholders. Through that process, we contact stockholders and invite them to engage in discussions with our senior management team and subject matter experts on a variety of topics, including the stockholders priorities and interests, our Proxy Statement disclosures, stockholder proposals and Company strategy. In 2025, conversations with stockholders included the following key areas: business strategy; financial performance; Company culture ongoing integration and restructuring efforts; financial impacts tied to soft carload volumes; acquisition contributions to 2025 financials; order pipeline and cadence of multi-year backlog; operating leverage in Freight and Transit segments; capital allocation; next generation technology (alternative fuel enabled engines); financial impacts from changes in regulations (i.e. tariffs and FRA waivers); Board composition and refreshment; executive compensation; corporate governance practices; and other topics, including environmental risks and opportunities. Following our Annual Meeting, our engagement efforts continue so that we may follow up on matters brought to our attention and/or discuss new issues of interest. We also respond routinely to individual stockholders and other stakeholders who inquire about our business. Input from our stockholders helps us formulate an appropriate action plan for addressing certain issues. Communication with the Board The Board provides a process for interested parties to send communications to the Board or any of the directors of Wabtec. Communications to the Board or any director should be sent c/o the Secretary of Wabtec, 30 Isabella Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15212. All such communications except for spam, junk mail, mass mailings, solicitations, resumes, job inquiries, surveys or other matters unrelated to the Company, will be compiled by the Secretary of Wabtec and submitted to the Board or the individual director at the next regularly scheduled meeting of the Board. Interested parties may also communicate directly with the Lead Independent Director at the email address nonmanagementdirectors@wabtec.com . Governance Policies and Practices Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct and Business Ethics Wabtec has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines and a Code of Conduct and Business Ethics that are applicable to all directors, officers and employees, each of which includes the provisions required under applicable SEC and NYSE regulations. Copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct and Business Ethics are posted on our website at http://www.wabteccorp.com - investor relations - corporate governance. 28 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Business Relationships and Related Party Transactions Related Party Transaction Approval Policy Our Board has adopted a written policy regarding related party transactions, a copy of which is available on Wabtec s website at http://www.wabteccorp.com . Under this policy, the Governance Committee must review and approve in advance all related party transactions that are required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. If advance approval is not feasible, the Governance Committee must approve or ratify the transaction at its next scheduled meeting. Transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 include any transaction or series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships in which Wabtec or any of its subsidiaries was, is, or will be a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and in which any of the following persons had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest: any director, director nominee, or executive officer of Wabtec; any holder of more than five percent of Wabtec s common stock; any Immediate Family Member (as defined in the policy) of any of the foregoing persons; and any entity which is controlled by someone listed above. In reviewing related party transactions, the Governance Committee evaluates all material facts about the transaction, including the nature of the transaction, the benefit provided to Wabtec, whether the transaction is on commercially reasonable terms that would have been available from an unrelated third-party and any other factors necessary to its determination that the transaction is fair to Wabtec. 2025 Related Party Transactions During 2025, Wabtec purchased approximately $22 million of goods from the off-highway business of Dana Incorporated. One of our directors, Mr. Foster, currently serves as an executive officer of Dana Incorporated and his interest in this relationship is limited to such capacity. The Board s Governance Committee has reviewed and approved this relationship. On January 1, 2026, Dana Incorporated divested its off-highway business. Accordingly, Mr. Foster s role at Dana Incorporated will no longer constitute a reportable related party transaction. One of our directors, Mr. Perez, was an executive officer of Salesforce until his retirement on April 30, 2025. During the portion of 2025 that Mr. Perez was an executive officer of Salesforce, Wabtec purchased approximately $1.1 million of software and services from Salesforce, Inc. Mr. Perez s interest in these transactions was limited to his role as an executive officer of Salesforce. The Governance Committee has reviewed and approved this related party transaction. Because of Mr. Perez s retirement from Salesforce, it will not constitute a related party transaction going forward. Insider Trading Policies and Procedures We have adopted an insider trading policy and procedures applicable to directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons, and have implemented processes applicable to us, that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and NYSE listing standards. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2026. 2026 Proxy Statement / 29 Table of Contents Sustainability For more than 155 years, Wabtec has been at the forefront of transforming the transportation sector. Our mission to unlock our customers potential by delivering innovative and lasting transportation solutions underpins our sustainability strategy. This strategy positions Wabtec to capitalize on market opportunities, mitigate safety and environmental risks, and create long-term value for our customers, employees, communities, and other stakeholders. Our sustainability priorities are embedded in our governance framework, stakeholder engagement, strategic planning and the evolving portfolio of products and services we deliver. Oversight of Sustainability Wabtec is committed to a strong framework grounded in sustainability principles that support our long-term growth strategy. Oversight of our sustainability strategy begins with our Board of Directors, which through its Risk Committee, oversees the Company s activities related to environmental, health and safety ( EHS ) matters, climate related risks and opportunities, and sustainability disclosures. The Risk Committee meets at least quarterly and provides oversight of: enterprise risk and the Company s risk management framework; the Company s compliance functions, including its hotline reporting function; public policy and government relations matters; and EHS matters. Wabtec s Head of Sustainability is responsible for our enterprise-wide sustainability strategy and initiatives, leading cross-functional efforts to advance progress across the Company s value chain. Our Sustainability Task Force, which meets quarterly, supports execution of the Company s sustainability strategy. This cross-functional team includes leaders from Wabtec s business segments, Sustainability, Engineering, EHS, Controllership, Human Resources, Investor Relations, Legal, Operations and Sourcing. The Task Force is responsible for implementing actions within those business units and functions to support Wabtec s sustainability framework and goals. This governance framework is further supported by Wabtec s ERM program, our primary mechanism for assessing and managing operational, strategic, financial, and compliance risk. Ensuring robust programs and processes to address environmental and compliance risks is a key element of the ERM program. 30 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Sustainability Sustainability Highlights We continue to advance key technology, operational, and workplace initiatives that are aligned with our sustainability strategy and support long term value creation. In 2025, three Class I railroad customers recognized Wabtec for our sustainability initiatives. Canadian National Railway recognized Wabtec as an EcoConnexions Gold Partner, Union Pacific awarded us a Sustainability Partner Award and Norfolk Southern recognized us with two Thoroughbred Sustainability Partner Awards (one for Energy Efficiency and one for Innovation). Additional information is available in our 2025 Sustainability Highlights Report, which outlines our recent progress and ongoing efforts to measure performance and engage with employees, customers, and other stakeholders. Our sustainability strategy is guided by three core pillars: Innovating with Purpose , Driving Responsible Operations and Empowering People and Communities . Recent examples of progress include: Innovating with Purpose Introduced EVO modernizations with EVO Advantage upgrades available, providing up to 7% improvement in fuel, enabled by Wabtec s eTurbo exhaust energy recovery system, which captures waste exhaust energy to reduce engine load and fuel consumption. Delivered R255 hybrid battery-diesel work locomotives to New York s Metropolitan Transit Authority, advancing next-generation hybrid technologies and improving local air quality, particularly in subway tunnels. Enabled up to 25% lower power consumption in our Transit HVAC solutions by intelligently adapting to real-time conditions, such as passenger occupancy rates and braking energy availability. Driving Responsible Operations Achieved our 2030 safety goal of reducing Wabtec s workplace illness and injury rate by 30%, while ensuring zero fatalities and reducing our recordable injuries by over 15% in 2025, compared to last year. Generated approximately 8,400 MWh of renewable energy from on-site solar panel installations, with more than 67% consumed in direct operations. Implemented Wabtec s largest single greenhouse gas reduction project at our Erie, Pennsylvania site, reducing Scope 1 emissions by approximately 8,000 metric tons of CO2 equivalent through process heating improvements and a summer steam system shutdown. Empowering People and Communities Advanced our People First culture by expanding professional development opportunities, including access to more than 180,000 online courses through the Skillsoft Percipio platform. Supported early-career development through site-led education outreach programs, where employees host students for facility tours and hands-on learning experiences. Partnered with local communities near our Roza, India facility to plant more than 30,000 tree saplings across three acres, enhancing biodiversity and cultivating a healthier local environment. Our 2025 Sustainability Highlights Report provides information on our sustainability performance and drive toward a more sustainable transportation network. The report can be found at https://www.wabteccorp.com/sustainability. 2026 Proxy Statement / 31 Table of Contents Non-Employee Director Compensation Overview Elements of Non-Employee Director Compensation Each non-employee director is paid an annual cash retainer of $125,000 and an intended annual stock retainer of $195,000, vesting 12-months from the grant date. In addition, each director serving in certain positions receives additional cash retainers as detailed below. Additional Compensation Chairman of the Board Lead Independent Director Audit Committee Chairperson Compensation Committee Chairperson Governance Committee Chairperson Risk Committee Chairperson $200,000 $40,000 $25,000 $25,000 $20,000 $25,000 2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation The following table provides information concerning the compensation of our non-employee directors for the period January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2025: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards 1,2 Total Albert J. Neupaver, Chair $325,000 $195,146 $520,146 Beverley A. Babcock $150,000 $195,146 $345,146 Lee C. Banks $145,000 $195,146 $340,146 Byron S. Foster $125,000 $195,146 $320,146 Linda A. Harty $190,000 $195,146 $385,146 Brian P. Hehir $125,000 $195,146 $320,146 Ann R. Klee $150,000 $195,146 $345,146 Juan R. Perez 3 $156,250 $244,041 $400,291 (1) Reflects the aggregate grant date fair value dollar amount calculated in accordance with ASC 718 related to the awards of stock to the non-employee directors under the 1995 Non-Employee Directors Fee and Stock Option Plan, excluding the effect of estimated forfeitures. The stock amount reflects rounding to the whole number of shares. (2) The annual award of the $195,146 stock retainer was made on May 16, 2025, with each non-employee director being granted 953 restricted shares of Wabtec common stock with a grant date fair market value of $204.77 per share. Such restricted shares generally vest 12 months from the date of grant. If a director voluntarily resigns or is otherwise terminated within 12 months from the grant date of the restricted shares, the director will forfeit the restricted shares. See Common Stock Ownership for a description of outstanding awards held by the non-employee directors. As of December 31, 2025, each non-employee director held 7,624 shares of unvested restricted stock. (3) Juan Perez was elected to the Board on January 29, 2025 and received a prorated cash retainer of $31,250 for his partial year of service in fiscal 2025, as well as the full annual cash retainer beginning in May 2025 of $125,000. Mr. Perez also received a prorated stock retainer of $48,895 for his partial year of service in fiscal 2025, as well as the full annual stock retainer beginning in May 2025 of $195,000. 32 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director Compensation All directors are reimbursed for their out of pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings and other activities related to the Board or its Committees. The Company offers a Deferred Compensation Plan for non-employee directors. Under the terms of the plan, eligible directors may defer the annual stock and/or cash retainer, provided that any deferral of the stock retainer will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture conditions as if the stock retainer had not been deferred. Deferred amounts, including any applicable earnings credited on the deferrals, will be paid out to the director following his termination of service with the Board. The Compensation Committee reviews director compensation on an annual basis. At the May Compensation Committee meeting, the Board s external compensation consultant provides the Compensation Committee with a market analysis detailing: i) cash retainers for Board and committee service, ii) equity compensation, and iii) Board leadership retainers as well as director pay program design and structure, including director stock ownership guidelines. The market analysis provides market data, trends and findings from both peer group and general industry data. Upon review and discussion of the data, the Compensation Committee recommends and the Board approves the compensation cash retainer, Board leadership retainers, and equity compensation for the upcoming year. Director Compensation Policies and Practices Stock Ownership Guidelines Wabtec has established stock ownership guidelines to encourage Board members to own and retain shares of stock. The Chair of the Board is required to accumulate shares having a value equal to seven times his cash retainer, and Non-employee Board members are required to accumulate shares having a value equal to six times their cash retainer. Directors are given five years to satisfy these guidelines. Shares that count toward the holding requirement include any shares owned by the director in Wabtec s share administration platform, the deferred compensation plan, personal accounts, or any unvested restricted shares. All directors except for Mr. Perez have met the ownership guidelines. Mr. Perez is within the 5-year compliance period and is on-track to meet the compliance requirement. 2026 Proxy Statement / 33 Table of Contents Proposal 2 Advisory Vote To Approve Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers As required under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd- Frank Act ), we are providing our stockholders with the opportunity to cast a non-binding vote to approve our executive compensation programs and arrangements in accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act. In 2023, our stockholders indicated their approval of the Board of Directors recommendation that we solicit an advisory vote such as this on an annual basis. Our Board of Directors has adopted a policy that is consistent with that preference and, accordingly, we are providing our stockholders with an opportunity to vote on this proposal at this Annual Meeting. As described in greater detail under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis on page 35 , we seek to closely align the interests of our named executive officers with the interests of our stockholders. Our compensation programs are designed to reward our named executive officers for the achievement of short-term and long-term strategic and operational goals and the achievement of increased total stockholder return, while at the same time avoiding the encouragement of unnecessary or excessive risk-taking. Under the Dodd-Frank Act and the related SEC rules, your vote on this resolution is an advisory or non-binding vote. This means that the purpose of the vote is to provide stockholders with a method to give their opinion to the Board of Directors of the Company about certain issues, like executive compensation. None of the Board, its Committees or the Company is required by law to take any action in response to the stockholder vote. However, the Board values our stockholders opinions, and the Board intends to evaluate the results of this year s vote carefully when making future decisions regarding compensation of the named executive officers. The stockholder advisory vote in connection with our 2025 annual meeting received approximately 93% approval by our stockholders, indicating support of our compensation programs and policies. We believe that providing our stockholders with the opportunity to cast an advisory vote on our executive compensation program on an annual basis will further enhance communication with our stockholders, and it meets our obligations under the Dodd-Frank Act and the SEC s rules. We are required to seek a stockholder vote on the frequency of the advisory vote to approve our executive compensation programs and arrangements (the SOP Frequency Vote ) every six years. As noted above, in 2023, we conducted a SOP Frequency Vote, and our stockholders indicated their approval of the Board s recommendation that we solicit an advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation on an annual basis. The next SOP Frequency Vote is expected to be held at our 2029 annual meeting of stockholders. Vote Required This proposal will be adopted if a majority of the shares present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon vote for the proposal. Because the total shares voted for, against, or abstain are counted to determine the minimum votes required for approval, if you abstain from voting, it has the same legal effect as if you vote against. If a broker limits the number of shares voted on the proposal on its proxy card or indicates that the shares represented by the proxy card are not being voted on the proposal, it is considered a broker non-vote. Broker non-votes are not counted as a vote or used to determine the favorable votes required to approve the proposal. The Board recommends that you approve the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the stockholders approve the 2025 compensation of the named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K of the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and other narrative executive compensation disclosures. a The Board recommends you vote FOR the approval of the 2025 compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Regulation S-K of the SEC. 34 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A Table of Contents Named Executive Officers 35 2025 NEO Compensation 40 Executive Summary 35 Base Salary 40 2025 Performance Highlights 36 Annual Incentive Compensation 41 2025 Compensation Highlights 36 Long-Term Incentive Compensation 44 Say-on-Pay Results 37 Additional Benefits and Perquisites 47 Compensation Governance Best Practices 37 NEO Pay Summaries 48 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 38 Other Compensation Policies and Practices 49 Executive Compensation Decision-Making Process 38 Stock Ownership Guidelines 49 Roles and Responsibilities 38 Clawback Policy 49 Peer Group 39 Prohibition on Hedging 49 Named Executive Officers Our named executive officers ( NEOs ) for 2025 are: Rafael Santana President and Chief Executive Officer John Olin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David L. DeNinno Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Pascal Schweitzer President, Transit Eric Gebhardt Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer Executive Summary This Compensation Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the tabular and narrative disclosures beginning on page 52 of this Proxy Statement. See Compensation Philosophy and Objectives on page 38 and the tables that follow for more information regarding our executive compensation programs. 2026 Proxy Statement / 35 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Table of Contents 2025 Performance Highlights 2025 was another outstanding year, reflecting the strength and resilience of the Company's business model. Wabtec delivered top-line growth of 7.5% and grew adjusted earnings per share by 18.7%. All of this was accomplished while converting a record orders pipeline into a strong multi-year backlog. The Company also advanced its strategic priorities through acquisitions and integration initiatives, unlocking synergies and driving operational efficiencies, thus continuing to execute against its capital allocation framework to maximize stockholder value. Sales Operating Margin Earnings per Share Cash Flow from Operations $11.17B 16.1% GAAP $6.83 GAAP $1.76B Up 7.5% Year over Year 20.3% Adjusted 1 $8.97 Adjusted 1 (1) Please refer to the Appendix to this Proxy Statement for a description and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures relative to reported GAAP financial measures. 2025 Compensation Highlights Elements of Target Compensation Base Salary Annual Cash Incentive Long-Term Equity Incentives Weighting (%) 5% 16% 18% 30% 77% 54% 2025 Performance Metrics Individual contribution to the business Knowledge and experience Capabilities and qualifications Earnings per share (75%) Cash conversion (25%) Personal performance modifier (EBIT Margin %) (80%-120%) 60% performance units (at target) and 40% time-vesting restricted stock For performance units: 3-year average annual return on invested capital (50%) 3-year average cash from operating activities (50%) Subject to relative total stockholder return (RTSR) modifier (+/- 20%) 36 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Say-on-Pay Results The Compensation Committee reviewed the results of the 2025 stockholder advisory vote on executive officer compensation and incorporated the results as one of the many factors considered in connection with the discharge of its responsibilities. At our 2025 annual meeting of Stockholders, approximately 93% of the votes cast (treating abstentions as Against votes) approved the compensation program described in the Company s 2025 proxy statement. The Compensation Committee interpreted this level of support as affirmation of the design and objectives of our executive compensation programs and therefore did not make any significant changes to such programs as a direct result of such vote. The Compensation Committee continues to monitor best practices among the Company s peer group and industry standards related to executive compensation programs. Compensation Governance Best Practices The Compensation Committee has implemented the following best practices with respect to the executive compensation program: What we do: Review the executive compensation programs each year and the Company s long-term business strategy, the results of the most recent say-on-pay advisory vote and contemporary market practices as periodically provided by our independent consultant. Use the Company s stock price and other value-creating financial metrics such as earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) margin, earnings per share (EPS), cash conversion, cash from operating activities, return on invested capital (ROIC) and relative total stockholder return (RTSR) in our executive incentive programs. Annually review the risks associated with our compensation programs and mitigate the risks by: capping incentive payouts earned under our annual cash incentive award plan and capping the number of performance units earned under the long-term incentive plan; maintaining stock ownership guidelines for executive management and non-employee directors; maintaining a clawback policy that applies to our cash and equity incentive awards; maintaining a policy that prohibits the pledging of Company stock; and maintaining a policy that prohibits the hedging of Company stock. Require both a qualified change in control and involuntary or good reason employment termination (double trigger) for any cash severance to be paid under our change in control agreements. What we don t do: Gross-up for excise taxes on severance benefits related to a change in control. Provide executives with an enhanced executive retirement program but rather provide a defined contribution or defined benefit plan similar to that provided to all employees in the country where such employees reside. Provide dividends or dividend equivalents on unearned performance shares. Re-price or backdate stock options. 2026 Proxy Statement / 37 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Table of Contents Compensation Philosophy and Objectives This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each of our executive officers who served as named executive officers during 2025. This discussion focuses primarily on the fiscal year 2025 information contained in the following tables and related footnotes. The overall objectives of our executive compensation program are to (i) enable us to attract, motivate and retain key executive talent essential to the achievement of our short-term and long-term business objectives; (ii) provide compensation competitive with others in our industry; (iii) reward senior executive officers in a pay for performance manner for accomplishment of predefined business goals and objectives; and (iv) align the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders. A significant portion of total executive compensation is variable compensation linked to corporate, business unit and individual performance. Our objective is to provide a significant portion of an executive s total compensation in a form that is contingent upon achieving established performance goals. With respect to compensation based on performance, our objective is to provide a significant portion of such compensation in the form of equity awards. In setting base salaries at the beginning of the year, the Compensation Committee generally reviews benchmark information provided by the Compensation Committee s independent consultant about compensation levels in Wabtec s industry and among the compensation peer group described below (the Peer Group ) based on the position and responsibility of the particular executive. The Compensation Committee uses benchmarking to establish NEO compensation as discussed below. While the Committee reviews peer group compensation data for context, it does not maintain a formal policy of benchmarking NEO compensation to a particular peer group or market percentile. The bonus for 2025 is a cash award determined by the Compensation Committee and Board based on pre-established performance factors. These factors are established at the beginning of the year and include (i) financial performance indicators measuring EPS and cash conversion; and (ii) a modifier for a personal objective based on EBIT Margin (each, as defined below). Long-term incentives in the form of restricted stock and performance units are granted to provide the opportunity for long-term compensation based upon the performance of Wabtec, including the (i) return on invested capital, (ii) cash from operating activities, and (iii) relative total stockholder return versus the peer group, and its ability to meet its long-term goals and objectives. Executive Compensation Decision-Making Process Roles and Responsibilities Compensation Committee Executive officer compensation is administered by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee approved the 2025 compensation programs for executive officers, including base salaries, cash bonuses and equity awards described in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis and recommended them to the full Board, which then approved them. Our Board of Directors delegates to the Compensation Committee the direct responsibility for, among other matters: reviewing and approving goals and objectives for the Chief Executive Officer and recommending the Chief Executive Officer s compensation to the Board for approval; reviewing and recommending compensation of all non-employee directors and executive officers; and reviewing and recommending incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans. Role of Compensation Experts Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee is authorized to engage compensation consultants to assist it with its duties. The Compensation Committee also has the sole authority to obtain advice from legal, accounting, human resources and other advisors as it deems necessary to assist it in the evaluation of compensation of directors and executive officers, including the sole authority to approve such consultants fees and other retention terms. The Compensation Committee engaged the consulting firm of Exequity for 2025. Exequity provided the following services: (i) reviewed and assessed the Company s current compensation practices for executives; (ii) reviewed the current Peer Group; (iii) reviewed and provided a pay for performance assessment of the Chief Executive Officer compensation; and (iv) provided plan design and performance metric benchmarking of the Peer Group and relevant industry data. In 2025, Exequity reviewed and assessed the competitiveness of compensation provided to non-employee members of the Company s Board of Directors. This review included compensation analysis of the Peer Group and relevant industry data. The Committee has evaluated its relationship with Exequity and has determined that no conflict of interest exists with respect to the services that Exequity provides. 38 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Role of Our Executive Officers in the Compensation Process The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Administrative Officer suggest guidelines in discussions with the Compensation Committee regarding executive compensation. They provide recommendations and information regarding the competitiveness of the industry, key employees, performance of individuals, succession plans and other relevant data to the Compensation Committee. Neither the Chief Executive Officer nor the Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer is present during any discussions concerning his or her own compensation. Review Evaluate Approve u u u January April April December February of the following year Peer Group To ensure that the Company is able to attract and retain highly talented executives, the Company sets executive compensation using a reputable compensation survey of similar-sized companies and also uses available proxy disclosure compensation information for a group of similar-sized manufacturing companies. Compensation practices for this Peer Group provided insights to the Compensation Committee as it made compensation decisions for 2025. Our Peer Group represents a group of manufacturing companies who generally align with the following criteria: large industrial companies in Global Industry Classification Standard ( GICS ) sectors generally representing machinery, electrical equipment, auto components, aerospace and defense, and road and rail; revenues that range from approximately 0.4 to 2.5 times that of the Company; market capitalization of 0.25 to 4.0 times the Company; and capital-intensive businesses. The 2025 Peer Group is the same as the 2024 Peer Group. The Compensation Committee believes this Peer Group reflects the Company's evolving business and executive talent market. This Peer Group was used in making 2025 compensation decisions: AGCO Corporation (AGCO) Ingersoll Rand, Inc. (IR) Stanley Black Decker, Inc. (SWK) AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Jacobs Solutions Inc. (J) Textron, Inc. (TXT) CSX Corporation (CSX) Norfolk Southern Corporation (NSC) The Timken Company (TKR) Dover Corporation (DOV) Oshkosh Corporation (OSK) The TransDigm Group (TDG) Eaton Corporation (ETN) Parker Hannifin Corporation (PH) Xylem, Inc. (XYL) Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) Note that for the 2025-2027 performance units that were granted to the NEOs as part of the 2025 long-term incentive compensation awards, the Company utilized the XLI index and not its Peer Group for purposes of the relative total stockholder return portion of that award. See the Long-term Incentive Compensation section below for additional detail. 2026 Proxy Statement / 39 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Table of Contents Wabtec Peer Comparison The table below summarizes key scoping factors for the Company in relation to companies comprising the Peer Group. At the time the Compensation Committee reviewed comparative pay data in October 2024, median trailing twelve-month ( TTM ) revenues as of September 2024 for this array of companies was $12.1 billion and median market capitalization as of September 2024 was $31.4 billion, as compared to TTM revenues and market capitalization for Wabtec of $10.2 billion and $28.7 billion, respectively. Revenue (TTM as of 9/04/24, in millions) Revenue (FY 2024, in millions) Revenue (FY 2025, in millions) Market Capitalization (as of 9/04/24, in millions) Market Capitalization (as of 12/31/24, in millions) Market Capitalization (as of 12/31/25, in millions) Wabtec $10,217 $10,387 $11,167 $28,737 $32,589 $36,491 Wabtec Percentile Rank 44% 44% 53% 44% 50% 53% Peer Group 75th Percentile $15,799 $14,953 $14,965 $63,150 $66,406 $69,475 Peer Group Median $12,092 $11,501 $10,422 $31,355 $32,304 $33,156 Peer Group 25th Percentile $8,001 $7,843 $8,217 $15,984 $15,380 $15,502 In July 2025, the Compensation Committee, with the assistance of its independent consultant, reviewed the Peer Group and decided to remove AGCO Corporation based on its lower market cap and lower capital intensity in relation to both Wabtec and most of the other companies in the Peer Group. The compensation data from this Peer Group was utilized in setting 2026 target total executive compensation opportunities. 2025 NEO Compensation Our 2025 compensation program elements were primarily structured to reward our executive officers for achieving certain financial and business objectives. The principal elements of our executive compensation program are base salary, annual cash incentives, and long-term equity incentives in the form of awards of restricted stock and performance units. Stock options were granted in prior years but since 2022 are no longer part of the long-term incentive design. Our other benefits and perquisites consist of life and health insurance benefits, social and health club dues, relocation assistance, and a qualified 401(k) savings plan (including Company matching contributions). Base Salary Base salaries for our executive officers are reviewed annually and reflect the executive s role and responsibility relative to the competitive market. In defining the competitive market, the Company uses two different benchmarks: compensation information representing our Peer Group and broader benchmark compensation data based on a reputable survey of companies that are similarly sized in terms of revenue. Individual salaries may be above or below the competitive median based on the individual s contribution to business results, length of time in role, capabilities and qualifications, potential and the importance of the individual s position to our success. The Compensation Committee is dedicated to ensuring competitive compensation for each of Wabtec s key employees and believes that current base salaries are in line with comparable industry practices. The annual base salaries and merit increases of our named executive officers for 2025 were as follows: Name and Position 2024 Base Salary 2025 Base Salary 1 Base salary changes % Rafael Santana President and Chief Executive Officer $1,325,000 $1,400,000 6% John Olin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer $785,000 $810,000 3% David L. DeNinno Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary $680,000 $705,000 4% Pascal Schweitzer 2 President, Transit $687,000 $712,318 4% Eric Gebhardt Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer $645,000 $665,000 3% (1) Base salaries are reviewed annually for all of Wabtec s named executive officers. Increases to base salary are awarded at the beginning of the pay period following review in February by the Compensation Committee. (2) Mr. Schweitzer s 2025 base salary was increased from 542,714 CHF to 562,715 CHF, which represents a 3.7% increase. For Mr. Schweitzer, all compensation amounts paid in CHF were converted to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate in effect as of the last day of the fiscal year. 40 / 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Annual Incentive Compensation Our annual incentive award plan is intended to compensate participants based on the extent to which financial performance targets are achieved, and reward participants for performance on those activities that are most directly under their control and for which they are held accountable.Corporate, business unit and individual performance goals under the annual incentive plan are linked to our annual business plan and budget. The actual amount of cash bonuses is a function of the Company s overall financial performance, the participant s individual performance and Board approval. The table below shows the target amount for each NEO s 2025 annual bonus opportunity expressed as a percentage of base salary. Bonus target percentages for all of the NEOs were unchanged from 2024 levels. NEOs Cash Bonus Targets (% of Base Salary) Overall, total target cash compensation (the sum of salary and target cash bonus) for our executive officers is intended to be competitive with market practices for similar executive positions in similar companies when performance goals under the annual cash bonus plan are achieved. Cash bonuses are earned based on financial and personal performance in accordance with the following formula: Adjusted Earnings Per Share (75%) EBIT Margin % (Personal Performance Modifier) (80% 120%) Cash Bonus Incentive (0% 200%) Cash Conversion (25%) 2026 Proxy Statement / 41 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Table of Contents For 2025, the Company kept the same cash incentive goal levels as in the previous year: the goal threshold remained at 85% of target, with a threshold payout of 50%, and the goal maximum performance remained at 115% of target, with a maximum payout of 200%. The individual modifier remained between 80% and 120% of target performance. Cash bonuses for 2025 were based upon the following success factors: Factor Weighting Description Financial Performance EPS 75% Adjusted earnings per diluted share calculated as U.S. GAAP earnings per diluted share,