=== CBOE_2026-04-02.htm.gz ===
cboe-20260401 DEF 14A 0001374310 FALSE iso4217:USD 0001374310 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:CraigS.DonohueMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:FredricJ.TomczykMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:FredricJ.TomczykMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001374310 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001374310 cboe:FredricJ.TomczykMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001374310 cboe:TillyMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001374310 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001374310 cboe:TillyMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001374310 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001374310 cboe:TillyMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001374310 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001374310 cboe:CraigS.DonohueMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:CraigS.DonohueMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:CraigS.DonohueMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:CraigS.DonohueMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:CraigS.DonohueMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:CraigS.DonohueMember ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:FredricJ.TomczykMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:FredricJ.TomczykMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:FredricJ.TomczykMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:FredricJ.TomczykMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:FredricJ.TomczykMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 cboe:FredricJ.TomczykMember ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001374310 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant [x] Filed by a party other than the Registrant [ ] Check the appropriate box: [ ] Preliminary Proxy Statement [ ] Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) [x] Definitive Proxy Statement [ ] Definitive Additional Materials [ ] Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): [x] No fee required [ ] Fee paid previously with preliminary materials [ ] Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement Table of Contents April 2, 2026 Dear Cboe Stockholder: We cordially invite you to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. to be held on Thursday, May 14, 2026, at 8:00 a.m., Central time. The Annual Meeting will be a completely virtual meeting of stockholders and there will be no physical meeting location. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting, vote your shares and submit questions during the meeting via live audio webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CBOE2026 and entering the 16- digit control number included in your proxy materials or on your proxy card. The live audio webcast of the Annual Meeting will also be available for listening to the general public. At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to do the following: Elect 12 directors to the Board of Directors to hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their respective successors have been elected and qualified; Approve, in a non-binding resolution, the compensation paid to our executive officers; Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year; Consider one stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting; and Transact any other business that may properly come before the meeting and any adjournments and postponements of the meeting. Enclosed with this letter are a formal notice of the Annual Meeting, a proxy statement, and a form of proxy. Please carefully review the form of proxy that you receive to confirm that it reflects all of your shares of our stock. If you hold stock in different accounts, you may need to complete multiple proxy cards to vote all of your shares. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting via live audio webcast, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. Please submit your proxy by Internet or telephone, or complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy using the enclosed postage-paid envelope. The enclosed proxy, when returned properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed in the proxy. We hope that you will participate in the Annual Meeting, either via live audio webcast or by proxy. Sincerely, William M. Farrow, III Chairman Table of Contents CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS The 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting " ) of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. will be held on Thursday, May 14, 2026, at 8:00 a.m., Central time. The Annual Meeting will be a completely virtual meeting of stockholders. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting, vote your shares and submit questions during the meeting via live audio webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CBOE2026 and entering the 16-digit control number included in your proxy materials or on your proxy card. Online check-in to the Annual Meeting live audio webcast will begin at 7:45 a.m., Central time, and you are encouraged to allow ample time to log in to the meeting webcast and test your computer audio system. There will be no physical meeting location. The purpose of the Annual meeting is to: 1. Consider and act upon a proposal to elect 12 directors named in the proxy statement to the Board of Directors to hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their respective successors have been elected and qualified; 2. Consider and act upon a non-binding resolution to approve the compensation paid to our executive officers; 3. Consider and act upon the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year; 4. Consider one stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting; and 5. Transact any other business that may properly come before the meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. You are entitled to vote online during the Annual Meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting if you were a stockholder of record at the close of business on March 19, 2026. A list of stockholders of record will be open for examination by any stockholder for any purpose germane to the Annual Meeting for a period of 10 days prior to the Annual Meeting at our principal executive offices at 433 West Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend, please vote as soon as possible. For additional details, please see the information under "How do I vote?" in the proxy statement. Internet Before the Meeting Go to www.proxyvote.com Internet During the Meeting Go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting .com/CBOE2026 Telephone Call toll free 1-800-690-6903 Mail Complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy using the enclosed postage-paid envelope By Order of the Board of Directors, April 2, 2026 Patrick Sexton Corporate Secretary IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE STOCKHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 14, 2026: Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement are on our Investor Relations website at http://ir.Cboe.com. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary 1 Corporate Governance 5 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 5 Board Structure 14 Committees of the Board 18 Stockholder Engagement 23 Communications with Directors 24 Insider Trading Policy 24 Non-Employee Director Compensation 26 Executive Compensation 29 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 29 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 30 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 59 Risk Assessment 59 Summary Compensation 61 Severance, Change in Control, and Employment-Related Agreements 71 Pay Ratio 75 Pay Versus Performance 76 Policies and Practices Related to the Grant of Certain Equity Awards Close in Time to the Release of Material Nonpublic Information 81 Equity Compensation Plan Information 81 Audit Matters 82 Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 82 Report of the Audit Committee 83 Stockholder Proposal 84 Proposal 4 Stockholder Proposal Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent 84 Other Items 88 Beneficial Ownership of Management and Directors 88 Relationships and Related Party Transactions 89 Incorporation by Reference 90 Stockholder Proposals 90 Voting Instructions 91 Appendix A Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures to GAAP Measures 96 We are furnishing this Proxy Statement to you in connection with a solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for use at the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Thursday, May 14, 2026 at 8:00 a.m., Central time, and at any adjournments or postponements thereof. The approximate date on which this Proxy Statement and the accompanying form of proxy are first being sent to stockholders is April 2, 2026. Except as otherwise indicated, the terms "the Company", "Cboe Global Markets", "we", "us", and "our" refer to Cboe Global Markets, Inc. When we use the term "Cboe Options" or "C1" we are referring to Cboe Exchange, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary and predecessor entity of Cboe Global Markets. Trademark Information Cboe , Cboe Global Markets , Cboe Titanium , and VIX are registered trademarks of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. or its subsidiaries. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. Table of Contents Note About Forward-Looking Statements This Proxy Statement contains historical and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "may", "might", "should", "expect", "plan", "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "predict", "potential", or "continue", and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. All statements that reflect our expectations, assumptions or projections about the future other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In particular, you should consider the risks and uncertainties described in Part 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 under Item 1A., "Risk Factors", and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). While we believe we have identified material risks, these risks and uncertainties are not exhaustive. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement for the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting"). It does not contain all of the information that you should consider in voting your shares of our common stock. Before voting, you should carefully read this entire Proxy Statement, as well as our 2025 Annual Report to Stockholders included in this mailing, which includes a copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Annual Meeting Date: May 14, 2026 Annual Meeting Time: 8:00 a.m. (Central time) Virtual Meeting Website Address: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CBOE2026 Record Date: March 19, 2026 Stockholder Actions and Board of Directors Voting Recommendatio ns Proposal Board Voting Recommendation Page Reference 1 - Elect 12 directors to the Board of Directors FOR 5 2 - Approve, in a non-binding resolution, the compensation paid to our executive officers FOR 29 3 - Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP ("KPMG") as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 202 6 fiscal year FOR 82 4 - Stockholder proposal regarding shareholder right to act by written consent AGAINST 84 Business Highlights Achieved record options volume activity levels Launched new products and added new indices Conducted a comprehensive strategic review of the Company's global business operations, resulting in a strategic realignment of the Company's business portfolio and an enhanced focus on core strengths and emerging growth opportunities Expanded retail access with the launch of a Pan-European Best Bid and Offer trading solution Began enhancing our governance, risk, and compliance framework Advanced cloud-based data access with launch of index datasets Successfully navigated key executive transitions Completed key migrations For more highlights, see "Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis" 2 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Returns to Stockholders Cboe Global Markets and its Board of Directors ("Board") have demonstrated an ongoing commitment to creating long-term stockholder value and produced the following notable returns to stockho lde rs in 2025. Total Stockholder Return (2) ________________________________________________ (1) $ in millions. Numbers may not foot due to rounding. (2) As of December 31, 2025. Includes reinvestment of all dividends. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents Director Nominee Highlights The nominees for our Board exhibit an effective mix of qualifications, experiences, and tenure. For additional information, see "Corporate Governance Proposal 1 Election of Directors". 100% 100% 100% 83% 75% 83% 50% 42% 42% 9 years average tenure 33% 25% 42% 4 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Highlights We are committed to good corporate governance, which promotes the long-term interests of stockholders by providing for effective oversight and management of the Company. The following are highlights of our corporate governance framework. For additional information, see "Corporate Governance". 10 of the 12 Nominees are Independent; Split Chairman and CEO roles; Directors are Elected Annually; Majority Voting Standard in Director Elections; Majority Voting Standard for Bylaw and Charter Amendments; Risk Oversight by Board and Committees, including a Risk Committee; Proxy Access Bylaw Provision for Director Nominations; Human Capital and Succession Oversight by Board and Compensation and Human Capital Committee; Stockholders can Call Special Meetings; Executive Sessions of Board and Committees; and Robust Annual Board and Committees Self- Evaluation process; Anti-Hedging, Anti-Pledging, and Clawback Policies for Executive Officers. Independent Audit, Compensation and Human Capital, and Nominating and Governance Committees; Stockholder Engagement Highlights We are committed to fostering long-term and institution-wide relationships with stockholders and maintaining their trust and goodwill. Through a variety of engagement activities, our discussions with stockholders cover a variety of topics, including our performance, strategy, and executive compensation. See also "Corporate Governance Stockholder Engagement". Executive Compensation Highlights The design of our executive compensation program, including compensation practices and independent oversight, is intended to align management's interests with those of our stockholders. The following are highlights of our 2025 executive compensation program. See also "Executive Compensation". Annual cash incentives were based on corporate performance (weighted 70%) and individual performance (weighted 30%); Long-term incentives in the form of equity awards were comprised of 50% time-based restricted stock units ("RSUs") and 50% performance-based RSUs ("PSUs"), other than a special one-time grant to Ms. Clay and the grant of RSUs to Mr. Tomczyk; Performance-based compensation with limits on all incentive award payouts; No excessive perquisites; Mandatory and supplemental clawback policies applicable to cash incentives and equity awards; and Mandatory stock ownership and holding guidelines. Additional Information Please see the information under "Other Items" for important information about this Proxy Statement, voting, the Annual Meeting, Cboe Global Markets documents available to stockholders, communications, and the deadlines to submit stockholder proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Additional questions may be directed to Investor Relations at investorrelations@Cboe.com or (312) 786-7559. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board Composition Our Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that our Board will consist of not less than 11 and not more than 23 directors. Our Board currently has 13 directors. Each director is elected annually to serve until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until his or her successor is elected or appointed and qualified, except in the event of earlier death, resignation or removal. Subject to retirement, there is no limit on the number of terms a director may serve on our Board. General At the Annual Meeting, our stockholders will be asked to elect the 12 director nominees set forth below, each to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. All of the director nominees have been recommended for election by our Nominating and Governance Committee and approved and nominated for election by our Board. In addition, with respect to Mr. Donohue, his employment agreement provides that the Company will nominate him as a director for stockholder approval at each annual meeting during his employment with us. All of the director nominees were elected as directors by stockholders at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, other than Mr. Donohue, who was appointed in May 2025. Mr. Matturri is not standing for reelection as a director at the Annual Meeting. We thank him for his dedicated service to the Company. The Board intends to decrease the total number of directors constituting our entire Board to 12. All of the nominees have indicated their willingness to serve if elected. If any nominee is unable or unwilling to serve as a director at the time of the Annual Meeting, then shares represented by properly executed proxies will be voted at the discretion of the persons named in those proxies for such other person as the Board may designate. We do not presently expect that any of the nominees will be unavailable. Your proxy for the Annual Meeting cannot be voted for more than 12 nominees. Qualifications and Experience The Board believes that the skills, qualifications and experiences of the director nominees make them all highly qualified to serve on our Board, both individually and as providing complementary skills on our Board. In addition, our Board's composition represents a balanced approach to director tenure: 5 of the 12 nominees have tenures equal to or less than 5 years, with an average tenure of approximately 9 years, allowing the Board to benefit from the experience of longer-serving directors combined with fresh perspectives from newer 6 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents directors. The following table shows the specific qualifications and experiences the Board and the Nominating and Governance Committee considered for each nominee. Director Qualifications and Experiences Farrow Donohue Fitzpatrick Fong Froetscher Goodman Mansfield Mao McPeek Palmore Parisi Tomczyk Strategy Experience developing and executing upon long-term strategic plans, growth strategies, and capital allocation plans Management Experience managing large and complex organizations at a senior level Financial Markets, Clearing, and our Products Experience with the trading or clearing of derivatives, equities, or FX and/or with our markets and products Government Relations and Regulatory Experience and understanding of the complex regulatory environment in which our businesses operate and/or working in or with the government and regulators Corporate Governance Knowledge of corporate governance matters, primarily through service on other public company boards, to help support our goals of strong Board and management accountability, transparency, effective oversight, and good governance International Experience in a senior leadership role in an organization with significant international operations or expansion into new international markets Risk Management Skills and experience in assessment, oversight, and/or management of risks Technology Experience or expertise in assessing opportunities and risks of new technologies and/or assessing cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities Fresh Perspective Board tenure is equal to or less than five years Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents Nominees Set forth below is biographical information, as of March 19, 2026, for each of the directors nominated to serve on our Board for a one-year term until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, as well as the reasons why the Board believes each candidate is well suited to serve as a director. Additionally, based on the characteristics of our directors as reported in their respective directors and officers questionnaires, 5 of the nominees are women and 4 of the nominees are racially or ethnically diverse. The terms indicated for service include the service on the board of Cboe Options prior to our demutualization and our initial public offering in 2010. In addition, as indicated below, certain director nominees also have served on certain boards of directors and committees of Cboe Futures Exchange, LLC ("CFE"), Cboe SEF, LLC ("SEF") and our U.S. securities exchanges, which include Cboe Options, Cboe C2 Exchange, Inc. ("C2"), Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc. ("BZX"), Cboe BYX Exchange, Inc., Cboe EDGA Exchange, Inc., and Cboe EDGX Exchange, Inc. (collectively, the "securities exchanges"). 8 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents William M. Farrow, III Chairman Independent Age: 71 Committees: Audit Committee Executive (Chair) Compensation and Human Capital Nominating and Governance Background Mr. Farrow has served as non-executive Chairman of the Board since September 2023, as our independent Lead Director from May 2023 to September 2023 and as a member of our Board since 2016. Mr. Farrow is the retired President and CEO of Urban Partnership Bank, a position he held from 2010 through 2017. Prior to that, he was the Managing Partner and CEO of FC Partners Group, LLC from 2007 to 2009, the Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of The Chicago Board of Trade from 2001 to 2007 and held various senior positions at Bank One Corporation. Mr. Farrow currently serves on the board of directors of publicly traded company WEC Energy Group, Inc. and on the boards of directors of CoBank, Inc. and Endeavor Health. Mr. Farrow previously was the owner of Winston and Wolfe LLC, a privately held technology development and advisory company, and served on the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, Urban Partnership Bank, and Echo Global Logistics, Inc., formerly a publicly traded company. Mr. Farrow holds a B.A. degree from Augustana College and a Masters of Management from Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. Qualifications Mr. Farrow brings his experience as the retired President and CEO of a mission based community development financial institution to our Board. He has a strong understanding of information technology systems, including cybersecurity, and the financial services and banking industry. He also has knowledge of the corporate governance issues facing boards from his experience serving on them. We believe that these experiences give Mr. Farrow an important skill set that makes him well suited to serve on our Board and as our Chairman. Craig S. Donohue CEO and President Age: 64 Committees: Executive Background Mr. Donohue has served as our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and director since May 2025 and as our President since August 2025. Prior to joining Cboe, Mr. Donohue served as Chairman of the board of directors of the Options Clearing Corporation ("OCC") from January 2024 to May 2025, as Executive Chairman of OCC from January 2014 to January 2024, and as Chief Executive Officer of OCC from September 2016 to January 2019. Prior to joining OCC, Mr. Donohue spent more than two decades in global financial markets, most recently as Chief Executive Officer of CME Group, Inc. from January 2004 to May 2012. Mr. Donohue holds a Master of Management from Northwestern University's Kellogg Graduate School of Management, a Master of Law in Financial Services Regulation from IIT Chicago-Kent College of Law, a J.D. from The John Marshall Law School and a bachelor's degree in political science and history from Drake University. Qualifications Mr. Donohue's extensive experience in global financial markets provides him with valuable insight into our business. His prior leadership roles as Chief Executive Officer of CME Group, Inc. and as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of OCC provide him with significant experience in corporate governance, regulatory engagement, strategic transformation and risk management. We believe that these experiences, along with his role as our CEO, make Mr. Donohue well suited to serve on our Board. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents Edward J. Fitzpatrick Independent Age: 59 Committees: Finance and Strategy Risk Background Mr. Fitzpatrick has served on our Board since 2013. Mr. Fitzpatrick is currently Senior Vice President and Senior Client Advisor of Genpact Limited, a position he has held since August 2021, and prior to that was its Chief Financial Officer from July 2014 to August 2021. Prior to joining Genpact Limited, Mr. Fitzpatrick worked at Motorola Solutions, Inc. and its predecessors from 1998 through 2014 in various financial positions, including as its Chief Financial Officer from 2009 to 2013. Before joining Motorola, Mr. Fitzpatrick was an auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP from 1988 to 1998. Mr. Fitzpatrick holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from Pennsylvania State University and an M.B.A. degree from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and earned his CPA (inactive) certification in 1990. Qualifications Mr. Fitzpatrick brings his experience as the former Chief Financial Officer of publicly traded companies to our Board. He has extensive experience with finance, public company responsibilities and strategic transactions. We believe that these experiences give Mr. Fitzpatrick an important skill set that makes him well suited to serve on our Board. Ivan K. Fong Independent Age: 64 Committees: Nominating and Governance Risk Background Mr. Fong has served on our Board since December 2020. Mr. Fong is the retired Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Medtronic plc, a position he held from February 2022 to July 2025. Mr. Fong also served as Strategic Advisor of Medtronic plc from July 2025 to November 2025. Prior to his roles at Medtronic, he served as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Policy Officer and Secretary of 3M Company from 2019 to January 2022 and as its Senior Vice President, Legal Affairs and General Counsel from 2012 to 2019. Prior to joining 3M Company, Mr. Fong was General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security from 2009 to 2012 and Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of Cardinal Health, Inc. from 2005 to 2009. He has previously served as Deputy Associate Attorney General with the U.S. Department of Justice and was a partner with the law firm of Covington Burling LLP. Mr. Fong holds an S.B. degree in Chemical Engineering and an S.M. degree in Chemical Engineering Practice from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a J.D. degree from Stanford University, and a Bachelor of Civil Law from Oxford University. Qualifications Mr. Fong brings his experience as the former general counsel of public companies, in private practice and as the former general counsel of a government department. He has extensive experience in corporate governance, government relations and the types of legal issues that public companies face, which we believe makes him well suited to serve on our Board. 10 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Janet P. Froetscher Independent Age: 66 Committees: Compensation and Human Capital (Chair) Executive Risk Background Ms. Froetscher is currently Senior Advisor, since September 2023, of The J.B. and M.K. Pritzker Family Foundation, and was its Chair from September 2023 until March 2026 and its President from April 2016 until September 2023. She has served on the Board of Cboe Global Markets since our initial public offering in 2010 and of Cboe Options from 2005 to 2017. Previously, she served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Special Olympics International from October 2013 until October 2015, President and CEO of the National Safety Council from 2008 until October 2013, President and CEO of the United Way of Metropolitan Chicago and in a variety of roles at the Aspen Institute, most recently as Chief Operating Officer. From 1992 to 2000, Ms. Froetscher was the executive director of the Finance Research and Advisory Committee of the Commercial Club of Chicago. Ms. Froetscher currently serves on the board of directors of SouthState Corporation, a publicly traded company. She has also previously served on the board of directors of Independent Bank Group, Inc., formerly a publicly traded company that was acquired by SouthState Corporation, and the board of trustees of National Louis University. Ms. Froetscher holds a B.A. degree from the University of Virginia and a Masters of Management from Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. Ms. Froetscher is also a Henry Crown Fellow of the Aspen Institute. Qualifications Ms. Froetscher brings her experiences as the former President of a family foundation and former Chief Executive Officer of public service entities to our Board. In addition, her service on another public company board also gives Ms. Froetscher experience with corporate governance and leadership skills. We believe that these experiences give her leadership, operational and community engagement skills that make her well suited to serve on our Board. Jill R. Goodman Independent Age: 59 Committees: Executive Finance and Strategy (Chair) Nominating and Governance Background Ms. Goodman has served on our Board since 2012. Ms. Goodman is currently Managing Director of Foros, a strategic financial and mergers and acquisitions advisory firm, a position she has held since November 2013. Previously, she served as a Managing Director and Head, Special Committee and Fiduciary Practice U.S. at Rothschild from 2010 to October 2013. From 1998 to 2010, Ms. Goodman was with Lazard in the Mergers Acquisitions and Strategic Advisory Group, most recently as Managing Director. Ms. Goodman advises companies and special committees with regard to mergers and acquisitions. Ms. Goodman currently serves on the boards of directors of Cover Genius, a global insurance technology company, and publicly traded company Genworth Financial, Inc. Ms. Goodman graduated magna cum laude from Rice University with a B.A. degree. She received her J.D. degree, with honors, from the University of Chicago Law School. Qualifications Ms. Goodman brings extensive experience in the boardroom to the Company. Her experiences, both as an investment banker and her corporate and securities legal background, bring a unique insight with which to consider our opportunities. In addition, her service on another company board also gives Ms. Goodman experience with corporate governance and leadership skills. We believe that these experiences give her knowledge and skills that make her well suited to serve on our Board. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents Erin A. Mansfield Independent Age: 66 Committees: Compensation and Human Capital Executive Risk (Chair) Background Ms. Mansfield has served on our Board since 2024. Ms. Mansfield is a retired Managing Director from Barclays PLC, a position she held from 2003 to 2023, where she served in multiple roles, including Global Head of Regulatory Relations Policy, Global Head of Investment Banking Compliance and Chief Compliance Officer Americas. Prior to her time with Barclays, Ms. Mansfield was a Vice President at Goldman Sachs Co. LLC in their Fixed Income, Currencies Commodities group. Ms. Mansfield holds a B.A. degree from Vassar College. Qualifications Ms. Mansfield has a strong understanding of our business, financial markets, products, compliance and the regulation of the financial and derivatives industries from her leadership positions at key financial institutions. We believe that her experience makes her well suited to serve on our Board. Cecilia H. Mao Independent Age: 51 Committees: Finance and Strategy Risk Background Ms. Mao has served on our Board since 2024. Ms. Mao is currently Global Chief Product Officer at Equifax, having served in this position since 2020. Previously, Ms. Mao was with Oracle Corp. from 2014 to 2020, holding multiple positions including Director, Senior Director, and Vice President of Oracle Data Cloud. Prior to her time at Oracle Corp., Ms. Mao held management positions at Verisk Analytics, FICO, and other technology companies. Ms. Mao graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a B.A. degree. Qualifications As an experienced leader, Ms. Mao's positions at Equifax and Oracle give her unique insights into all aspects of corporate growth, enterprise management, and technology. Ms. Mao has a deep understanding of revenue acceleration and adapting to new strategic opportunities. We believe that her experience makes her well suited to serve on our Board. 12 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Jennifer J. McPeek Independent Age: 56 Committees: Audit Background Ms. McPeek has served on our Board since August 2020. Ms. McPeek is an independent advisor to companies on value-based management and incentive design. Previously, she has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Russell Investments from 2018 to 2019. From 2009 to 2017, Ms. McPeek was with Janus Henderson Investors plc and its predecessor company Janus Capital Group Inc., serving as the Chief Financial Officer from 2013 to 2017, and as the Chief Operating and Strategy Officer post-merger in 2017. Prior to that, Ms. McPeek was with ING Investment Management, Americas from 2005 to 2009, where she was a member of the management committee and led the strategy function. Ms. McPeek currently serves on the boards of directors of First American Funds Trust, overseeing six money market funds, and Cushman Wakefield plc, a publicly traded company. She graduated magna cum laude from Duke University with an A.B. degree in Mathematics and Economics and received her M.S. degree in Financial Engineering from the MIT Sloan School of Management. Ms. McPeek holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. Qualifications As the former Chief Financial Officer of privately held and publicly traded asset management companies, Ms. McPeek has extensive experience with finance, public company responsibilities, strategic transactions and knowledge of our industry. In addition, her service on another company board also gives Ms. McPeek experience with corporate governance and leadership skills. We believe that her experience makes her well suited to serve on our Board. Roderick A. Palmore Independent Age: 74 Committees: Executive Finance and Strategy Nominating and Governance (Chair) Background Mr. Palmore is Senior Counsel at Dentons where he advises public and private corporations and their leadership suites on risk management and governance issues across practices and industry sectors. Mr. Palmore retired from his position as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance and Risk Management Officer of General Mills, Inc. in February 2015 and has served on the Board of Cboe Global Markets since our initial public offering in 2010 and of Cboe Options from 2000 to 2017. Prior to joining General Mills in February 2008, he served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Sara Lee Corporation. Before joining Sara Lee, Mr. Palmore served in the U.S. Attorney's Office in Chicago and in private practice. Mr. Palmore has previously served as a member of the boards of directors of The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company, a publicly traded company, Express Scripts Holding Company, formerly a publicly traded company, Nuveen Investments, Inc. and the United Way of Metropolitan Chicago. Mr. Palmore holds a B.A. degree in Economics from Yale University and a J.D. degree from the University of Chicago Law School. Qualifications Through his experience as general counsel of public companies, in private practice and as an Assistant U.S. Attorney, Mr. Palmore has extensive experience in corporate governance and the legal issues facing the Company. In addition, his experience provides him with strong risk management skills. We believe that his experience makes him well suited to serve on our Board. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents James E. Parisi Independent Age: 61 Committees: Audit (Chair) Compensation and Human Capital Executive Background Mr. Parisi has served on our Board since 2018. Mr. Parisi most recently served as the Chief Financial Officer of CME Group Inc. from November 2004 to August 2014, prior to which he held positions of increasing responsibility and leadership within CME Group Inc. from 1988, including as Managing Director Treasurer and Director, Planning Finance. He has previously served as the Chairman of the Illinois Special Olympics Foundation Board and as a member of the boards of directors of CFE, SEF and Pursuant Health Inc., as well as ATI Physical Therapy, Inc. and Cotiviti Holdings, Inc., both formerly publicly traded companies. Mr. Parisi holds a B.S. degree in Finance from the University of Illinois and an M.B.A. degree from the University of Chicago. Qualifications As the retired Chief Financial Officer of a publicly traded company offering a diverse derivatives marketplace and as a former member of the boards of directors of CFE and SEF, Mr. Parisi has extensive knowledge of our industry. His service on other company boards also gives Mr. Parisi experience with corporate governance and leadership skills. We believe that his experience makes him well suited to serve on our Board. Fredric J. Tomczyk Former CEO Age: 70 Committees: Finance and Strategy Risk Background Mr. Tomczyk has served on our Board since 2019. He served as our CEO from September 2023 to May 2025. Previously, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, a position he held from October 2008 to October 2016. Prior to this position, he held positions of increasing responsibility and leadership with the TD organization from 1999. Mr. Tomczyk was also a member of the TD Ameritrade board of directors from 2006 to 2007 and 2008 to 2016. Prior to joining the TD organization in 1999, Mr. Tomczyk was President and Chief Executive Officer of London Life. He currently serves on the board of Willis Towers Watson PLC, a publicly traded company, and is a member of the Cornell University Athletic Alumni Advisory Council. Mr. Tomczyk also previously served as the lead independent director of Sagen MI Canada Inc., a publicly traded company, and of its operating subsidiary Sagen Mortgage Insurance Company Canada, as a director of Knight Capital Group, Inc. and as a trustee of Liberty Property Trust, both formerly publicly traded companies, and as a director of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. Mr. Tomczyk holds a B.S. degree in Applied Economics Business Management from Cornell University and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario. Qualifications Mr. Tomczyk's extensive knowledge of the financial markets, technology and the financial services and banking industries gives him unique insights into our business. His prior service as our CEO and as TD Ameritrade's President and Chief Executive Officer also gives Mr. Tomczyk experience with corporate governance and leadership skills, working with the government and regulators, successfully developing and executing corporate strategic initiatives and overseeing risk management programs. We believe that these experiences, make him well suited to serve on our Board. The Board recommends that the stockholders vote FOR each of the director nominees. 14 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents BOARD STRUCTURE Independence Our Bylaws require that, at all times, no less than two-thirds of our directors will be independent. The Nominating and Governance Committee has affirmatively determined that all of our directors serving in 2025, except Messrs. Donohue and Tomczyk, are independent under BZX listing standards for independence. All of the directors then serving on each of the Audit, Compensation and Human Capital, and Nominating and Governance Committees are independent. Each of these Committees (as defined below) reports to the Board as they deem appropriate, and as the Board may request. Non-Executive Chairman The Board has an independent Non-Executive Chairman, Mr. Farrow. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that an independent director serve as our Non-Executive Chairman or Lead Director, as applicable. The position is annually elected by the Board, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, however, it is expected that the elected director will serve 4 years, which may be extended in extraordinary circumstances. Under our Bylaws, the Chairman shall be the presiding officer at all meetings of the Board and stockholders and shall exercise such other powers and perform such other duties as are delegated to the Chairman by the Board. Additionally, the Charter of the Non-Executive Chairman/Lead Director, Appendix A to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, provides for the following responsibilities, among other items: Chair all meetings of the non-employee and independent directors of the Board, including the executive sessions; Approve agendas for Board meetings and consult with the CEO on other matters pertinent to us and the Board; Serve as a liaison between the CEO and the independent Directors; Approve meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; Advise and consult with the CEO on the general scope and type of information to be provided in advance of Board meetings; In collaboration with the CEO, consult with the appropriate members of senior management about what information pertaining to our finances, operations, strategic alternatives, and compliance is to be sent to the Board; and To perform other duties as the Board may determine. Chairman and CEO Roles The Board carefully considers its Board leadership structure and the benefits of continuity in leadership roles and believes having Mr. Farrow serve in the role of Non-Executive Chairman enhances the Company's strategic alignment and supports Cboe Global Markets' ability to deliver stockholder value. The Board periodically reviews the leadership structure and may make changes in the future based upon what the Board believes to be in the best interests of the Company and stockholders at the time. At certain points in our history, the Chairman and CEO roles have been held by the same person, and at other times the roles have been held by different individuals. Under our Bylaws, the Chairman may, but need not be, our CEO, and the Board believes it is important to retain its flexibility to allocate the responsibilities of the offices of the Chairman and CEO in any way that is in the best interests of the Company and stockholders at a given point in time based upon then-prevailing circumstances. The Board believes that the decision as to who should serve in those roles, and whether the offices should be combined or separate, should be assessed periodically by the Board and that the Board should not be constrained by a rigid policy mandate when making these determinations. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents In addition, our Board has implemented the following elements to help ensure independent oversight for us and for our Board: Requiring the Board to consist of at least two-thirds independent directors who meet regularly without management and solely with non-employee and independent directors; Establishing independent Audit, Compensation and Human Capital, and Nominating and Governance Committees; and Appointing an independent Non-Executive Chairman or Lead Director, as applicable. Board Oversight of Strategy With oversight and direction from the Board and the Finance and Strategy Committee, our CEO develops the Company's business strategy in conjunction with management. This process is collaborative and evolving. The Finance and Strategy Committee meets quarterly with management to approve or make recommendations, as necessary, to the Board regarding the Company's budget, capital allocation, strategic plans, and acquisition, investment or divestment opportunities. Further, summaries of the proceedings from prior Finance and Strategy Committee meetings are provided to the Board on a quarterly basis. In particular, in the second half of 2025, Mr. Donohue and management conducted a comprehensive strategic review of the Company's global business operations, resulting in a strategic realignment of the Company's business portfolio and an enhanced focus on core strengths and emerging growth opportunities. Following this comprehensive strategic review, the Company initiated the wind-down of its Japanese equities business, including the cessation of operations of its Cboe Japan proprietary trading system and Cboe BIDS Japan block trading platform, initiated a sales process for its Cboe Australia and Cboe Canada businesses, discontinued its U.S. and European Corporate Listings efforts, and reduced costs associated with its U.S. and European exchange-traded products ("ETPs") Listings businesses, Cboe Europe Derivatives ("CEDX"), and several of the Company's smaller Risk and Market Analytics businesses. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, after further review of its global business operations, the Company initiated the wind-down of CEDX. For more information on the Company's sharpened strategy, see "Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Summary 2025 Business Highlights". Board Oversight of Human Capital and Succession Planning The Board recognizes that our business depends on employee productivity, development, and engagement. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee has been delegated the responsibility to oversee the policies and strategies relating to talent, leadership, and culture, including inclusion. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee receives presentations throughout the year on human resources matters, including succession planning, inclusion initiatives, employee metrics, attrition and retention metrics, compensation and benefits, and employee engagement survey results. Further, summaries of the proceedings from prior Compensation and Human Capital Committee meetings are provided to the Board on a routine basis, including on a quarterly basis. The Board further believes that providing for effective continuity of leadership is central to our long-term growth strategy. The succession planning process includes consideration of ordinary course succession and planning for situations where executives unexpectedly become unable to perform their duties. Executive succession planning is an ongoing process, reviewed and discussed on at least an annual basis by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee reviews the Company's organizational chart for potential successors. Summaries of these proceedings from prior Compensation and Human Capital Committee meetings are provided to the Board on a routine basis. The Board also reviews reports about executive succession and undergoes other relevant evaluations on an as needed basis. In addition, Board succession planning is evaluated regularly within the Nominating and Governance Committee, whose reports and other necessary action items are discussed and acted upon by the Board as a whole. For more information see "Committees of the Board Nominating and Governance Committee" below. Further, as a result of recent executive transitions, in particular the appointments of Mr. Donohue as Chief Executive Officer and President, Scott Johnston as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Robert A. Hocking as Executive Vice President, Global Head of Derivatives, Prashant Bhatia as Executive Vice President, Head of Enterprise Strategy and Corporate Development, and Timothy Lipscomb as Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, effective succession planning and the effective transfer of knowledge has been one of the Company's top priorities, including expanding succession planning deeper into the organization. 16 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Board Oversight of Governance, Social, and Environmental Matters The Board stays apprised of particular governance, social, and environmental matters in accordance with its general oversight responsibilities. The Board has delegated to the Committees oversight over specific areas relevant to the Committees and all Committees report to the full Board on a routine basis, including on a quarterly basis, and when a matter rises to a material or enterprise level. For more information about Committee responsibilities, see also "Committees of the Board" below. Board Oversight of Risk The Board is responsible for overseeing our risk management processes. The Board is responsible for overseeing our general risk management strategy, the risk mitigation strategies employed by management, including adequacy of resources, and the significant risks facing us, including, for example, competition, reputation, compliance, operational, and technology risks. The Board stays informed of particular risk management matters in accordance with its general oversight responsibilities. The Board has delegated to the Committees oversight over the following specific areas and all Committees report to the full Board on a routine basis, including on a quarterly basis, and when a matter rises to a material or enterprise level risk. For more information about Committee responsibilities, see "Committees of the Board" below. Committee Primary Areas of Risk Oversight Audit Adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls and procedures Financial reporting and taxation Compensation and Human Capital Compensation policies and procedures Finance and Strategy Credit and capital structure Strategy with business partners Nominating and Governance Corporate governance practices Risk Enterprise risk management Information security Operational risks relating to internal processes, people or systems, including information technology Compliance, environmental, legal and regulatory risks Artificial Intelligence ("AI") related risks In addition to our Board, our management is responsible for daily risk management. To help achieve this goal, we have adopted an enterprise risk management framework that is supported by a three lines of defense approach, which involve the Business, Risk Management and Information Security Department, Compliance Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents Department, Internal Audit Department, and the Board and Committees. We believe the following division of risk management responsibilities is an effective approach for addressing the enterprise risks that we face. Line of Defense Description First Our Business managers and employees, who are responsible for identification and assessment of risks in their day-to-day activities, design and operation of policies, procedures, and controls, and remediation of issues when they arise Second Compliance and Risk Management and Information Security Departments, which provide oversight, expertise, and constructive challenge Compliance Department governs policies, advises on regulatory requirements, and performs monitoring and testing Risk Management and Information Security Department oversees enterprise risks and risk frameworks Third Internal Audit Department, which provides additional independent assurance that significant risks are being managed effectively and that controls are reasonably designed and operating effectively Board Oversight of Information Security The Board recognizes that our business depends on the confidentiality, integrity, availability, performance, security, and reliability of our data and technology systems and devotes time and attention to the oversight of cybersecurity and information security risk. In particular, the Board and Risk Committee each, as applicable, receives updates and reports on information security from senior management, including from the Company's Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Risk Officer, and Chief Information Security Officer. More specifically, the Risk Committee receives presentations from senior management throughout the year on cybersecurity, including architecture and resiliency, incident management, business continuity and disaster recovery, significant information technology changes, data privacy, insider threat, physical security, information related to third-party assessments conducted by leading information security providers of the Company's information security program, and risks associated with the use of third party service providers. The Risk Committee also receives periodic reports regarding the overall status of the Company's information security strategy and program, including adequacy of staffing and resources, and reviews and approves any changes to the related information security charter. Further, summaries of the proceedings from prior Risk Committee meetings are provided to the Board on a routine basis, including on a quarterly basis. In addition, our 2025 Annual Report to Stockholders included in this mailing, which includes a copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, also contains relevant additional information under "Part I Item 1C. Cybersecurity". Board Oversight of AI The Board has delegated oversight of AI-related risks to the Risk Committee, which is informed of such risks on a routine basis as applicable and which then informs the Board of such risks as applicable. Additionally, the Committees are expected to oversee use of AI by the specific areas relevant to the Committees and all Committees report to the full Board on a routine basis, including on a quarterly basis, and when a matter rises to a material or enterprise level. As discussed in more detail below, in furtherance of director education, prior Board meetings have also included presentations on AI. Further, to assist with oversight of AI, including with respect to governance, strategy, adoption, and risks, the Company established an AI Steering Committee, an AI Governance Subgroup, and an AI Center of Excellence. The Company also maintains AI-specific policies and procedures and a risk assessment methodology to help evaluate risks associated with AI applications. Board and Committee Meeting Attendance There were 11 meetings of the Board during 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and meetings of Committees of which the director was a member during 2025. 18 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Independent Directors Meetings Periodically, the independent directors meet separately without management. The Non-Executive Chairman or Lead Director, as applicable, presides over these meetings. The independent directors met separately without management 4 times during 2025. Annual Meeting Attendance We encourage members of the Board to attend our annual meeting of stockholders. All of our current directors, who were then-serving on the Board, attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Meetings of the Board and its Committees are being held in conjunction with the Annual Meeting. We expect all director nominees will attend the Annual Meeting. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD Overview Our Board has the following standing committees (each, a "Committee" and collectively, the "Committees"): The Audit Committee, The Compensation and Human Capital Committee, The Executive Committee, The Finance and Strategy Committee, The Nominating and Governance Committee, and The Risk Committee. Other than the members of the Executive Committee required to be on such Committee pursuant to our Bylaws, each of the members of the Committees was recommended by the Nominating and Governance Committee for approval by the Board for service on that Committee. Each of the Committees has a charter and the Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, and Nominating and Governance Committee charters are available on the Governance Documents page of our Investor Relations section of our website at: http://ir.Cboe.com. The ATS Oversight Committee was dissolved on December 16, 2025. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents The following table is a listing of the composition of our standing Committees during 2025 and as of March 19, 2026, including the number of meetings of each Committee during 2025. Director Audit Compensation and Human Capital Executive Finance and Strategy Nominating and Governance Risk Number of meetings 14 16 1 6 9 11 William M. Farrow, III (1) (2) (3) (4) (3) Craig S. Donohue (5) (6) Edward J. Fitzpatrick (4)(7) (4) (3) Ivan K. Fong Janet P. Froetscher (7) (8) Jill R. Goodman Erin A. Mansfield (3) (3) (8) Cecilia H. Mao Alexander J. Matturri, Jr. (3) (9) Jennifer J. McPeek Roderick A. Palmore James E. Parisi Fredric J. Tomczyk (4) (3) (3) ________________________________________________ = Chair = Member (1) The Non-Executive Chairman, Mr. Farrow, and the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Donohue, are both members of the Executive Committee. Mr. Farrow is an invited guest to the meetings of each of the other standing Committees that he is not already a member of. (2) Joined as a member of the Committee on February 13, 2026. (3) Joined as a member of the Committee on May 6, 2025. (4) Stepped down as a member of the Committee on May 6, 2025. (5) Mr. Donohue is an invited guest to the meetings of each of the other standing Committees, other than the ATS Oversight Committee (for the portion of 2025 during which that Committee existed). (6) Joined as a member of the Committee on May 7, 2025. (7) Effective May 6, 2025, Ms. Froetscher became Chair and Mr. Fitzpatrick stepped down as Chair of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. (8) Effective May 6, 2025, Ms. Mansfield became Chair and Ms. Froetscher stepped down as Chair of the Risk Committee. (9) Stepped down as a member of the Committee on December 16, 2025. Audit Committee The Audit Committee consists of 4 directors, all of whom are independent under BZX listing rules, as well as under Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The Audit Committee consists exclusively of directors who are financially literate. In addition, Mr. Parisi has been designated as our audit committee financial expert and meets the SEC definition of that position. The Audit Committee's responsibilities include: Engaging our independent auditor and overseeing its compensation, work, and performance, 20 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Reviewing and discussing the annual and quarterly financial statements and related press releases with management and the independent auditor, Overseeing the internal audit function and reviewing the adequacy of internal controls and procedures, and Reviewing transactions with related persons for potential conflict of interest situations. The Audit Committee also meets, as needed, with our independent auditor, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Audit Executive, and other management in executive session without management present and our independent auditor, Chief Audit Executive, and other management may communicate directly, as needed, with members of the Audit Committee and the Board at large. Compensation and Human Capital Committee The Compensation and Human Capital Committee consists of 5 directors, all of whom are independent under BZX listing rules. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee has primary responsibility to approve or make recommendations to the Board for: All elements and amounts of compensation for the executive officers, including any performance goals, Reviewing succession plans relating to the CEO and our other executive officers, Adopting, amending, and terminating cash and equity-based incentive compensation plans, Approving any employment agreements, severance agreements, or change in control agreements with executive officers, Adopting, periodically reviewing, and overseeing any clawback policy governing the recoupment of incentive-based compensation, Overseeing the policies and strategies relating to talent, leadership, and culture, including inclusion, and The level and form of non-employee director compensation and benefits. For additional information, see "Corporate Governance Board Structure Board Oversight of Human Capital and Succession Planning". Nominating and Governance Committee Overview The Nominating and Governance Committee consists of 4 directors, all of whom are independent under BZX listing rules. The Nominating and Governance Committee's responsibilities include making recommendations to the Board on: Persons for election as director, An independent director to serve as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board (or, if applicable, a director to serve as Chairman of the Board and an independent director to serve as Lead Director), Any stockholder proposals and nominations for director, The appropriate structure, operations, and composition of the Board and its Committees, The Board and Committee annual self-evaluation process, and The contents of the Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and other corporate governance policies and programs. The Nominating and Governance Committee shall receive, direct and supervise any investigations into any matter brought to its attention within the scope of its duties, in the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines or as directed by the Board. In addition, the Committee shall review and may investigate matters pertaining to the integrity of management, including conflicts of interest and adherence to codes of ethics or business conduct. The Nominating and Governance Committee also receives periodic reports from the Company regarding its political activities and related expenditures and is also responsible for general oversight of the Cboe impact Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents reports and program. For additional information, see "Corporate Governance Board Structure Board Oversight of Governance, Social, and Environmental Matters". Selection Process and Criteria for Directors The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for considering and recommending to the Board nominees for election as director, including considering each incumbent director's continued service on the Board. The Committee annually reviews the skills and characteristics required of all directors in the context of the current composition of the Board, our operating requirements, targeted skills and experiences, and the long- term interests of our stockholders. In addition, the Committee may consider such other factors it deems appropriate when conducting its assessment of director candidates. We believe that each of the individuals serving on our Board has the necessary qualifications to be a member of the Board and that each director brings skills and experiences that collectively allow the Board to address the challenges and opportunities we face. In evaluating incumbent and new prospective director candidates, the Committee takes into consideration many factors, including the individual's educational and professional background, potential retirement plans, whether the individual has any special experience in a relevant area, personal accomplishments, and cultural experiences. Among other attributes, our selection process prioritizes individuals with integrity, substantial business experience, a track record of sound professional judgment, and a commitment to the long-term growth of the company. As one of the world's largest derivatives exchanges, our selection process seeks to create a Board with a deep understanding of the derivatives industry and the knowledge and experience to execute on our strategic derivatives goals. Moreover, as needed, we look for a mix of financial and accounting expertise and technological expertise in our Board that will help us to oversee the Company and to identify and adapt to opportunities in the global financial industry. In addition, the Committee may consider such other factors it deems appropriate when conducting its assessment of director candidates. For more information on each Directors' background and individual skills, see "Corporate Governance Proposal 1 Election of Directors". Additionally, while we do not currently have a formal diversity policy, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Nominating and Governance Committee will seek to recommend to the Board candidates for director with a diverse range of experiences, qualifications, and skills to provide varied insights and competent guidance regarding our operations, with a goal of having a Board that reflects diverse backgrounds, gender, race, experience, and viewpoints. We believe that we benefit from having directors with a diversity of skills, characteristics, backgrounds, and cultural experiences. Identifying and Evaluating New Directors The Nominating and Governance Committee utilizes a variety of methods to identify, recruit, and evaluate potential new director candidates. The Committee considers various potential candidates for director, considering the criteria discussed above and qualifications of the individual candidate. Board nominees can be identified by current directors, management, third-party professional search firms, stockholders, or other persons. Prior to a prospective new director's nomination, the director candidate is asked to meet separately with the Chairman of the Board, the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee, and the independent Non-Executive Chairman or Lead Director, as applicable, who will each consider the prospective director's candidacy. New director candidates may also meet separately with other members of the Board. In addition, a background check is completed before a final recommendation is made to the Board. After a review and evaluation of a prospective new director based on the criteria discussed above, the Nominating and Governance Committee will decide whether to recommend to the Board the candidate's appointment as a director or nominee for election as a director, and the Board will decide whether to approve the candidate's appointment as a director or a nominee. Onboarding New Directors New directors participate in a robust multi-session orientation program to familiarize themselves with the company and management. Our orientation program for new directors includes a discussion of a broad range of topics, including the background of the company, the Board and its governance model, subsidiary governance, regulatory oversight, strategy and business operations, financial statements and capital structure, the management team, key industry and competitive factors, the legal and ethical responsibilities of the Board, and other matters crucial to the ability of a new director to fulfill his or her responsibilities. 22 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Continuing Education for Directors Directors are encouraged to attend conferences, seminars, trainings and/or courses and take other actions as they deem necessary to enhance their effectiveness as directors. Appropriate areas of director education need not be confined to corporate governance but may include broader topics related to our businesses. In furtherance of director education, Board meetings and dinners may include guest speakers, client presentations, and our employees presenting on a variety of topics, including on emerging technologies, such as AI, and Cboe's potential utilization and adoption thereof. Cboe will reimburse directors, up to a certain amount, for the reasonable costs of attending relevant education programs. Retirement Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board expects that no director shall be elected or reelected as a director once he or she reaches age 75. Any director who turns 75 while serving as a director may continue to serve for the remainder of their current term. The Board undertakes ongoing evaluation of its members' performance with respect to their capacity to serve and keeps note of director age for director planning purposes. Annual Board, Committee, and Director Self-Evaluations The Board believes that a robust annual evaluation process is a critical part of its governance practices. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for establishing and overseeing the Board's, Committees', and directors' annual self-evaluations to determine whether the Board, the Committees, and the directors are functioning effectively and to identify potential areas of improvement. The annual self-evaluation process includes the following: Stage in Process Board of Directors Committees Determine Discussion Topics Nominating and Governance Committee determines specific topics and subject areas to discuss with each director, such as roles, responsibilities, structure, skills, experience, background, composition, and effectiveness Nominating and Governance Committee determines and distributes to each Committee a list of specific topics and subject areas to facilitate discussion about each Committee's roles and responsibilities, structure, charter, policies, composition, and effectiveness Discussions Chair of Nominating and Governance Committee and Non-Executive Chairman or Lead Director, as applicable, interview each director in one-on-ones to discuss Board's and directors' performances Chair of each Committee facilitates discussion of Committee's performance in executive session and in one-on- ones Feedback Chair of Nominating and Governance Committee and Non-Executive Chairman or Lead Director, as applicable, report results of discussions and recommendations to Nominating and Governance Committee for its consideration Chair of each Committee reports results of Committee self- evaluation and recommendations to Nominating and Governance Committee for its consideration Reviews Nominating and Governance Committee reviews results from Board, Committee, and director self-evaluations and provides summary of assessments and recommendations to full Board and each director, as applicable Board discusses results and, if necessary, provides additional recommendations Feedback Incorporated Changes and enhancements, if any, are implemented to governance policies and practices Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents In addition to the annual evaluation process, the Board and Committees meet in regular executive sessions, which provides the directors with opportunities to reflect and provide feedback on an ongoing basis to determine whether the Board and the Committees are functioning effectively and to identify potential areas of improvement. Stockholder Nominations The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider stockholder recommendations for candidates for our Board and will consider those candidates using the same criteria applied to candidates suggested by management. Stockholders may recommend candidates for our Board by contacting the Corporate Secretary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. at 433 West Van Buren Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607. In addition, stockholders may formally nominate candidates for our Board to be considered at an annual meeting of stockholders through the process described below under the heading "Other Items Stockholder Proposals". ATS Oversight Committee The ATS Oversight Committee, which met 5 times in 2025 and was dissolved on December 16, 2025, was responsible for, among other things, overseeing the business and operations of BIDS Trading's U.S. equities businesses, overseeing the adequacy and effectiveness of the information and other barriers established to maintain the separation of BIDS Trading's U.S. equities businesses from Cboe Global Markets' registered national exchange businesses, and helping to ensure that specified functions of those BIDS Trading's U.S. equities businesses were independent of and not integrated with or otherwise linked to Cboe Global Markets' registered national exchange businesses. The Committee was composed of Alexander Matturri (Chair), Erin Mansfield, and Jennifer McPeek. It was determined in late 2025 that BIDS Trading could operate under the Company's ownership without a requirement for oversight by such Committee. Executive Committee The Executive Committee has the authority to exercise the powers and authority of the Board when the convening of the Board is not practicable, except as limited by its charter, the Company's Bylaws and applicable law. Finance and Strategy Committee The Finance and Strategy Committee's responsibilities include approving or making recommendations to the Board regarding the budget, capital allocation, strategic plans, and acquisition, investment, or divestment opportunities. Risk Committee The Risk Committee is generally responsible for, among other things, overseeing the risk assessment and risk management of the Company, including risk related to cybersecurity, clearing, information technology, AI, environment, and the Company's compliance with laws, regulations, and its policies. Compensation and Human Capital Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Messrs. Farrow, Fitzpatrick, Matturri, and Parisi and Mses. Froetscher and Mansfield served as members of our Compensation and Human Capital Committee during 2025. No member of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee is a current or former officer or employee of the Company. In addition, there are no compensation committee interlocks with other entities with respect to any member of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Cboe Global Markets and its Board are committed to fostering long-term and institution-wide relationships with stockholders and maintaining their trust and goodwill. As a result, each year we interact with stockholders through a variety of engagement activities. These engagements routinely cover strategy and performance, corporate governance, executive compensation, and other current and emerging issues to help ensure that our Board and management understand and address the issues that are important to our stockholders. Our key stockholder engagement activities in 2025 included attending investor and industry conferences, participating in informational fireside chats, and hosting meetings at our corporate headquarters. Some of these 24 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents conferences also featured webcasts and replays of the presentations so that our stockholders could listen remotely. In addition, our quarterly earnings calls are open to the general public and feature a live webcast. Further, in 2025, we also conducted an outreach specifically focused on corporate governance, executive compensation, and proxy season trends and issues, targeting our top stockholders that represented approximately 40% of our common stock outstanding. Through corporate governance outreach and investor and industry conferences, we engaged in meetings with holders of approximately 47% of our common stock outstanding. Through these discussions we gained valuable feedback, and this feedback was shared with the Board and its relevant Committees. For the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we received a stockholder proposal regarding the disclosure of political contributions. In response to the proposal we published an annual report on political contributions prior to the proxy distribution date, including our policy for making contributions with corporate funds to participate in political campaigns or influence public opinion, confirmation that no corporate funds are used for federal political activities or contributed to 501(c)(4) organizations, acknowledgment of potential corporate contributions to state and local candidates or political entities (without disclosing specific amounts or recipients), disclosure of payments to trade associations receiving over $50,000 annually that may engage in U.S. federal lobbying on the Company's behalf, the title of the individual responsible for decision-making regarding political contributions, and presentation of the report to the Board and relevant Committees. Notwithstanding these actions, the stockholder proposal received the support of approximately 56.1% of our stockholders at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Based on this support, we expanded the disclosures in our annual report on political contributions by including, in addition to the items described previously, all contributions to state and local candidates and political entities (including specific amounts and recipients), contributions to certain entities directly affiliated with political parties, such as the Democratic and Republican National Conventions, contributions to 501(c)(6) industry associations exceeding $25,000, regardless of lobbying activity, confirmation that the Company does not make non-monetary contributions, such as the use of facilities for political purposes, and confirmation that the Company does not earmark or direct the use of contributions to industry associations. We also reached out to our top stockholders that represented approximately 47% of our common stock outstanding for any additional feedback related to such enhancements. COMMUNICATIONS WITH DIRECTORS As provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, stockholders and other interested parties may communicate directly with our independent directors or the entire Board. Our policy and procedures regarding these communications are located in the Investor Relations section of our website at http://ir.Cboe.com. INSIDER TRADING POLICY Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits directors, officers and employees worldwide from trading in Company securities while in possession of material, non-public information about the Company. The Insider Trading Policy is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, as well as the rules and regulations of BZX. The policy also applies to transactions in the securities of other entities to the extent covered persons are in possession of any material, non-public information relating to those securities. Under the policy, certain individuals are prohibited from trading in Company securities during various times throughout the year known as "blackout periods", and certain individuals must receive preclearance from the General Counsel before trading in Company securities. Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our executive officers and all employees, except as set forth below, from entering into transactions involving options to purchase or sell our common stock or other derivatives related to our common stock. Employees, other than our executive officers, may enter covered calls and collars for hedging purposes through the purchase or sale of exchange-traded options, provided that they otherwise comply with the remainder of our Insider Trading Policy. See "Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Other Executive Compensation Program Considerations Hedging Policy". Under the Insider Trading Policy, employees are prohibited from entering into pledges or margin loans of Company securities. Our policy on insider trading was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Additionally, in 2011, the Board of Directors approved an initial authorization for the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock of $100 million and subsequently approved additional authorizations for Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents a total authorization of $2.3 billion, as of December 31, 2025. The Company expects to fund repurchases primarily through the use of existing cash balances. The program permits the Company to purchase shares, through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. It does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases at any specific time or situation. 26 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Compensation Philosophy and Summary Our non-employee director compensation program provides director fees that are generally designed to be paid at competitive levels that are near the median of director fees of our compensation peer group, which is discussed in further detail below in the "Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis" section. This allows us to attract and retain individuals with the skills, qualifications, and experiences required to sit on our Board. Annually, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee reviews a competitive market data analysis for non- employee director compensation produced by Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC ("Meridian"), our independent compensation consultant, and recommends changes to our director compensation program, if any, to the Board for approval. For 2025, our non-employee director compensation program remained unchanged from 2024 and consisted of a mix of: cash and stock retainers, committee member cash retainers, committee chair cash retainers, committee meeting attendance fees, if applicable, and a non-executive Chairman retainer. Committee chairs receive both the applicable committee chair, committee member cash retainers, and committee meeting attendance fees, if applicable. 2025 Elements of Director Compensation Program The compensation of our non-employee directors is based upon a compensation year beginning and ending in May coinciding with the holding of our Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The following table reflects the base amount payable (i.e., not prorated) with respect to each component of our director compensation program for the Board term ending with the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and for the Board term ending with the Annual Meeting in 2026: Annual Fees May 2025 May 2026 Cash retainer $ 90,000 Stock retainer, value based on closing price on date of grant $ 170,000 Committee chair cash retainer ATS Oversight (1) $ 20,000 Audit $ 25,000 Compensation and Human Capital $ 15,000 Finance and Strategy $ 15,000 Nominating and Governance $ 15,000 Risk $ 20,000 Committee member cash retainer (2) ATS Oversight (1) $ 7,500 Audit $ 16,500 Compensation $ 12,000 Finance and Strategy $ 12,000 Nominating and Governance $ 12,000 Risk $ 12,000 Non-Executive Chairman cash retainer fee $ 150,000 Meeting Fees Committee meeting attendance fee per meeting attended (only if in excess of each committee's baseline meeting number plus two) (2)(3) $ 1,500 _____________________________________ (1) The ATS Oversight Committee was dissolved on December 16, 2025. (2) In lieu of a cash retainer, non-employee directors serving on the Executive Committee are paid an attendance fee of $1,500 for each meeting of the Executive Committee attended. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents (3) The baseline meeting number plus two for each committee is ATS Oversight (7), Audit (13), Compensation (10), Finance and Strategy (10), Nominating and Governance (10), and Risk (7). 2025 Director Compensation The compensation of our non-employee directors (other than Mr. Tomczyk, whose compensation is included under the heading "Executive Compensation") for their service for the year ended December 31, 2025 is shown in the following table. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) Stock Awards (2) All other Compensation (3) Total William M. Farrow, III (4)(5)(6)(7) $ 283,126 $ 170,090 $ 10,000 $ 463,216 Edward J. Fitzpatrick (6)(7) $ 126,313 $ 170,090 $ 10,000 $ 306,403 Ivan K. Fong (7) $ 118,500 $ 170,090 $ 15,000 $ 303,590 Janet P. Froetscher (6)(7) $ 138,266 $ 170,090 $ 15,000 $ 323,356 Jill R. Goodman (6)(7) $ 130,500 $ 170,090 $ $ 300,590 Erin A. Mansfield (7) $ 133,335 $ 170,090 $ 10,000 $ 313,425 Cecilia H. Mao (6)(7) $ 118,500 $ 170,090 $ 10,000 $ 298,590 Alexander J. Matturri, Jr. (5)(7) $ 163,313 $ 170,090 $ $ 333,403 Jennifer J. McPeek $ 114,000 $ 170,090 $ $ 284,090 Roderick A. Palmore (5)(7) $ 150,500 $ 170,090 $ 5,000 $ 325,590 James E. Parisi (5)(6)(7) $ 165,000 $ 170,090 $ 20,000 $ 355,090 ____________________________________ (1) The amounts shown in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column include the Board cash retainer and the Committee chair and member cash retainers and may also include certain fees that were earned in 2025 and were paid in early 2026. (2) The amounts in the stock award column represent the grant date fair value of equity grants of RSUs received by non-employee directors serving on the Board on May 6, 2025, as computed in accordance with stock-based compensation accounting rules (Financial Standards Accounting Board ASC Topic 718). Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in the footnotes to our 2025 consolidated financial statements, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2025 filed with the SEC. The non-employee directors then-serving on the Board received an equity grant of RSUs on May 6, 2025. The equity grants vest on the earlier of the one-year anniversary of the grant date or the completion of their final year of director service, subject to the director's continuous service through the vesting date. Each of the listed directors held 729 shares of unvested RSUs as of December 31, 2025. (3) Amounts shown in the All Other Compensation column represent payments made by the Company (i) through our Matching Gift Program and (ii) by matching Cboe Political Action Committee ("PAC") contributions, both of which are available to non-employee directors, subject to program limits. The amounts for Mr. Fong also include matching gifts with respect to 2024 that were paid out in 2025. (4) The amount shown in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column for Mr. Farrow also includes the non- executive Chairman cash retainer fee. (5) The amount shown in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column also include cash fees of $20,000 for Messrs. Farrow, Matturri, Palmore and Parisi for their roles in connection with the CEO search. (6) Mr. Fitzpatrick and Ms. Froetscher each elected to defer 100% of their 2025 cash fees (excluding any fees paid from service to a subsidiary board of directors or committee), and Messrs. Farrow and Parisi and Mses. Goodman and Mao each elected to defer 100% of their 2025 equity grant. (7) The amounts shown in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column also include committee meeting attendance fees of $1,500 for Messrs. Farrow, Matturri, Palmore, and Parisi and Mses. Froetscher, Goodman, and Mansfield for attending an Executive Committee meeting and $4,500 for Mr. Fong and Ms. Mao, $3,000 for Mr. Fitzpatrick and Ms. Froetscher, and $1,500 for Ms. Mansfield for attending Risk Committee meetings in excess of the baseline meeting number plus two. 28 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Deferred Compensation U.S. based non-employee directors may elect to defer receipt of all or a portion of his or her annual cash retainer and any meeting fees pursuant to a valid deferral election under the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Cash Deferral Plan"). To the extent that any such cash payments are deferred, they are credited to a notional account and will be invested in either a retirement target date fund or other investment option selected by the director under the terms of the Cash Deferral Plan. Non-employee directors may elect to defer all of their annual RSU grants into a stock account pursuant to a valid deferral election under the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Director Equity Deferral Plan (the "Equity Deferral Plan"). Subject to and following satisfaction of the applicable vesting requirements, the plan credits notional stock units for the RSU until distribution in the form of shares of common stock upon the distribution date. Deferred RSUs will remain eligible for dividend equivalents, with U.S. based directors receiving dividend equivalents on a current basis and non-U.S. based directors having their dividend equivalents deferred (but not reinvested) until the underlying shares are distributed. Neither plan permits matching contributions and deferred cash amounts are fully vested and deferred equity grants are subject to applicable vesting requirements. In general, amounts deferred are paid to a non-employee director dependent on the elections of the director, which could be: (i) the date elected by such director; (ii) the director's separation from service; or (iii) the date a change of control (as defined in the Cash Deferral Plan and the Equity Deferral Plan) occurs. In the event the director's death or qualifying disability, the elections of the director are overridden. Amounts deferred under the Cash Deferral Plan are paid in cash in a single sum payment or, at the director's election, in installments (other than on a change in control). Amounts deferred under the Equity Deferral Plan are paid in shares of common stock in a single lump sum. Director Stock Ownership and Holding Guidelines The Compensation and Human Capital Committee has adopted stock ownership and holding guidelines, which provide that each non-employee director should own stock equal to 5 times the cash annual retainer for directors. For purposes of this ownership and holding requirement, (a) shares owned outright or in trust and (b) vested, deferred RSUs, are included. In addition, each non-employee director is required to hold all shares received from annual equity awards until the guidelines are met, except for sales of shares to pay taxes with respect to the vesting or exercising of equity grants. Other than Mses. Mansfield and Mao who were first elected to our Board in 2024, each of the non-employee incumbent directors as of December 31, 2025 has met the ownership requirement as of December 31, 2025. Director Hedging and Pledging Policies Under our Insider Trading Policy, our directors are prohibited from entering into transactions involving options to purchase or sell our common stock or other derivatives related to our common stock. Our Insider Trading Policy also prohibits directors from entering into any pledges or margin loans on shares of our common stock. In 2025, none of the directors had hedges, pledges, or margin loans on shares of our common stock. See also "Corporate Governance Insider Trading Policy". Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 2 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION In accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act, the Board is providing our stockholders with an advisory vote to approve executive compensation. This advisory vote, commonly known as a "say-on-pay" vote, is a non- binding vote to approve the compensation paid to our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement in accordance with SEC rules. The Board has adopted a policy of providing for annual "say-on-pay" votes in accordance with the results of our last stockholder advisory vote. As discussed in the "Compensation Discussion and Analysis" section, our executive compensation program is designed to meet the following objectives: Attract and retain talented and dedicated executives, Motivate our executives to achieve corporate goals that create value for our stockholders, and Align the compensation of our executive officers with stockholder returns. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee has implemented the following best practices applicable to our executive officers to help achieve these objectives: A high proportion of total compensation is in the form of performance-based compensation with limits on all incentive award payouts, Incentive awards are linked to the achievement of financial and relative stock price performance goals, Stock ownership and holding guidelines, Double trigger change in control provisions in equity awards and for severance benefits under an employment agreement and the Executive Severance Plan, Prohibition on hedging of Company stock, Prohibition on pledging of Company stock, No tax gross-up payments in the event of a change in control, and Mandatory and supplemental clawback policies applicable to cash incentives and equity awards. We believe that the compensation paid to the named executive officers is appropriate to align their interests with those of our stockholders to generate stockholder returns. Accordingly, the Board recommends that our stockholders vote in favor of the say-on-pay vote as set forth in the following non-binding resolution: RESOLVED, that our stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement, including under the heading "Compensation Discussion and Analysis", the accompanying compensation tables and the corresponding narrative discussion. As this is an advisory vote, the outcome of the vote is not binding on us with respect to executive compensation decisions, including those relating to our named executive officers. Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee and Board value the opinions of our stockholders. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee and Board will consider the results of the say-on-pay vote and evaluate whether any actions should be taken in the future. The Board recommends that the stockholders vote FOR approval, in a non-binding resolution, of the compensation paid to our executive officers. 30 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion and Analysis section is intended to provide our stockholders with an understanding of our compensation practices and philosophy, material elements of our executive compensation program, and the decisions made in 2025 with respect to the total compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each of the following 2025 "named executive officers" or "NEOs": Name Title* Craig S. Donohue Chief Executive Officer and President Jill M. Griebenow Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Christopher A. Isaacson (1) Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer Patrick Sexton Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Timothy Lipscomb Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer Fredric J. Tomczyk (2) Former Chief Executive Officer David Howson (3) Former Executive Vice President, Global President Catherine R. Clay (4) Former Executive Vice President, Head of Global Derivatives ________________________________________________ * Titles are as of December 31, 2025. (1) Mr. Isaacson resigned as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer at the end of March 6, 2026 and his last day with the Company was March 6, 2026. He will provide the Company with consulting services until December 31, 2026. (2) Mr. Tomczyk resigned as Chief Executive Officer at the end of May 6, 2025 and remained an employee of the Company serving in an advisory capacity until June 30, 2025. (3) Mr. Howson resigned as Executive Vice President, Global President at the end of August 1, 2025 and his last day with the Company was August 1, 2025. (4) Ms. Clay resigned as Executive Vice President, Head of Global Derivatives at the end of September 30, 2025 and her last day with the Company was October 15, 2025. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents This Compensation Discussion and Analysis section is organized as follows: Executive Summary 32 Principal Components of 2025 Executive Compensation 32 Performance Affecting Fiscal 2025 Annual Incentive Pay Outcomes 33 Performance Affecting 2023-2025 PSU Pay Outcomes 33 Compensation Governance Practices 33 2025 Business Highlights 34 Executive Compensation Program Practices 35 Compensation Philosophy and Summary 35 Company's Response to Stockholder Vote on Say-on-Pay 36 Compensation Refinements 36 Executive Compensation Program Governance Cycle 37 Independent Compensation Consultant 37 Peer Group and Comparative Data 38 2025 Elements of Executive Compensation Program 38 Base Salary 38 Annual Incentive 39 Overview 39 2025 Target Annual Incentive Opportunity 40 Annual Incentive Payout Formula and Opportunity 41 Corporate Financial Performance Measures, Goals, and Outcomes 42 Individual Performance 43 Actual Annual Incentive Payouts 50 Long-Term Incentive Plan 51 Overview 51 2025 Grants 51 2025 Promotion Grants 53 2025 One Time Grants 54 Mr. Tomczyk's 2025 Time-Based RSU Grant 54 Mr. Donohue's Sign-On Grant 55 2023 PSU Grants Vested 55 Other Executive Compensation Program Considerations 56 Stock Ownership and Holding Guidelines 56 Hedging Policy 57 Pledging Policy 57 Clawback Policies 58 Employee Benefit Plans, Severance, Change in Control, and Employment-Related Agreements 58 Tax and Accounting Considerations 59 32 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Executive Summary Principal Components of 2025 Executive Compensation Base Salary Fixed level of cash compensation based on performance, expertise, experience, and market value Target annual incentive is based on percentage of base salary Annual Incentive Bonus Provides variable cash compensation payout opportunities if pre-established EBITDA and net revenue corporate and individual performance goals are met over a one-year performance period Individual performance goals include corporate strategy goals and individual goals tailored to the executive Payout range is 0% to 200% of executive's target bonus opportunity Long-Term Equity Awards Restricted Stock Units Provides compensation in the form of Company shares if 3- year graded service period is met Aligns interests of our executives with those of our stockholders, encourages retention of executives, and motivates executives to focus on our long-term growth and increase stockholder value Long-Term Equity Awards Performance Stock Units Provides variable compensation in the form of Company shares if pre-established relative total stockholder return ("TSR") and earnings per share ("EPS") goals are met over a 3-year period Aligns the interests of our executives with stockholders, provides significant incentive for retention, and motivates our executives to focus on our long-term growth and increase stockholder value Payout range is 0% to 200% of executive's target number of PSUs CEO's Target Pay Mix* at risk Other NEOs' Target Pay Mix at risk _____________________________________ * The "CEO's Target Pay Mix" chart set forth above excludes the sign-on long-term equity award with a target grant date value of $6,000,000 granted to Mr. Donohue in connection with his appointment as Chief Executive Officer of the Company given the one-time nature of the award and that the award is not representative of the Company's typical compensation practices. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents Performance Affecting Fiscal 2025 Annual Incentive Pay Outcomes 2025 Net Revenues 2025 Adjusted EBITDA (1) $2,429 Million $1,655 Million 110.8% of Target Achieved 117.5% of Target Achieved Performance Affecting 2023-2025 PSU Pay Outcomes 3-Year Relative TSR 3-Year Cumulative Adjusted Diluted EPS (1) 86th Percentile $27.08 200% of Target PSUs Earned 200% of Target PSUs Earned _________________________________________________ (1) Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA"), excluding minority investments, and 3-year cumulative adjusted diluted EPS are non-U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") measures and reconciliations to GAAP measures are provided in Appendix A. Compensation Governance Practices What we do What we don't do Mitigate compensation risk Enforce robust mandatory stock ownership and holding guidelines Utilize independent compensation consultant Maintain a Compensation and Human Capital Committee that is composed solely of independent directors Active engagement with stockholders Maintain double trigger change in control provisions in equity awards and for severance benefits under an employment agreement and the Executive Severance Plan Apply mandatory and supplemental clawback policies to cash incentive and equity incentive awards for executives Impose maximum caps and limits on short- and long-term incentive award payouts No hedging of Company stock by executives No pledging of Company stock by executives No payment of tax gross-ups upon a change in control or otherwise No excessive use of employment contracts No payouts for corporate performance below threshold level No excessive perquisites No guaranteed incentive payments 34 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents 2025 Business Highlights Cboe Global Markets and its Board are committed to a corporate mission and strategy designed to create long- term stockholder value. Our strategic path forward includes: 1. Rationalizing our business portfolio to optimize our return on invested capital and potential growth trajectory; 2. Optimizing our core businesses of Index Options, Multi-List Options, Futures, U.S. Equities, European Equities, and Global FX, while expanding Data Vantage offerings that draw upon these businesses; 3. Capitalizing on emerging industry trends that align with our core strengths and potentially unlocking new opportunities to create value for our clients; and 4. Maintaining a disciplined and financially rigorous approach to capital allocation. The following is a brief summary of our 2025 business highlights as they relate to the ongoing commitment of our team and the Board to this strategy and the key performance metrics used in our performance-based compensation program. Net revenues of $2,429 million for 2025, up 17% from $2,072 million for 2024. Achieved record volumes in our options segment: total options average daily volume ("ADV") reached an all-time high of contracts traded per day - the sixth consecutive record-breaking year; and set several ADV records for the year, including in multi-list options, S P 500 Index (SPX) options, SPX zero-days-to expiry (ODTE) options, Cboe Volatility Index (VIX ) options, and XSP (Mini-SPX) options. Expanded our derivatives product suite, including the launch of: cash-settled futures and options on a new index tracking 10 U.S.-listed large-cap stocks of technology and growth-oriented companies (the "Cboe Magnificent 10 Index"), and continuous Bitcoin and Ether futures. Conducted a comprehensive review of our global business operations, resulting in a strategic realignment of our business portfolio and an enhanced focus on core strengths and emerging growth opportunities. Began enhancing our governance, risk, and compliance framework. Enhanced existing collaborations with S P Dow Jones Indices by launching options on the S P 500 Equal Weight Index and with FTSE Russell to offer Cboe FTSE Bitcoin Index Futures. Expanded retail access with the launch of a Pan-European Best Bid and Offer trading solution. Expanded dedicated cores technology offering internationally, enhancing order processing performance and reliability for participants across our global markets. Advanced cloud-based data access with launch of index datasets. Completed key migrations, including the transition of Cboe Digital Exchange futures to CFE and the migration of Cboe Canada's technology platform. Successfully navigated key executive transitions. In U.S. equities, off-exchange, BIDS Trading reported a yearly ADV record. Cboe Europe Equities achieved record average daily notional value ("ADNV") and market share. Cboe FX achieved a record full year spot ADNV, eclipsing last year's record. We believe that the performance of the Company demonstrates that management is keenly focused on driving the Company for sustainable long-term growth, while obtaining short-term results. Our business continued to generate strong cash flows from operations and we were able to return $350 million to stockholders through Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Table of Contents dividends and share repurchases while retaining the flexibility to pursue new growth opportunities. To that end, in 2025: In keeping with our goal of consistent and sustainable dividend growth, we increased our quarterly dividend by 14% to $0.72 per share and paid cash dividends of $284 million; and We repurchased 305,317 of our outstanding shares of common stock under a share repurchase program for a total of $65 million. As a result of our strong performance in 2025 and capital allocation decisions, as of December 31, 2025, we achieved total stockholder returns and compound annual growth rates ("CAGR"), including reinvested dividends, of approximately: 30% over the past year; 108% over the past three years, a 28% CAGR; 189% over the past five years, a 24% CAGR; and 359% over the past ten years, a 15% CAGR. Executive Compensation Program Practices Compensation Philosophy and Summary Our executive compensation program is designed to attract and retain talented and dedicated executives who are instrumental in our achievement of key strategic business objectives. To meet these objectives, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee designed and implemented a program that links a substantial portion of executive compensation to the achievement of pre-set corporate and individual performance goals. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee believes that our executive compensation program plays a vital role in contributing to the achievement of key strategic business objectives that ultimately drive long-term business success. Accordingly, we designed our executive compensation program to focus our executives on achieving critical corporate financial and strategic goals, while taking steps to position the business for sustained growth in financial performance over time. Our 2025 executive compensation program generally consisted of the following elements, in addition to retirement, health, and welfare benefit s : Base Salary Net Revenue 70% Corporate Performance Adjusted EBITDA Annual Incentive (Bonus) Total Pay Individual Goals 30% Individual Performance 50% Restricted Stock Units Time-Based Vesting Long-Term Equity Awards 25% Total Stockholder Return Performance Stock Units 50% 25% Earnings Per Share The following charts show the 2025 total target compensation mix for the CEO and the other NEOs as a group. The majority of 2025 total target compensation is "at-risk" (i.e., linked to achievement of performance goals and/ or the value is tied to our common stock price) and, further, the majority of "at-risk" pay is in the form of equity 36 Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents awards. Total target compensation is the sum of an executive officer's 2025 target annual pay opportunities for their respective roles and does not include Messrs. Tomczyk's or Howson's 2025 compensation, Ms. Clay's 2025 compensation and special one-time long-term equity award, or Mr. Donohue's sign-on grant. CEO's Target Pay Mix Other NEOs' Target Pay Mix at risk at risk Company's Response to Stockholder Vote on Say-on-Pay At the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our "say-on-pay" proposal received the support of approximately 93.5% of the votes cast for approval of our 2024 executive compensation program, as disclosed in our 2025 Proxy Statement, and every year since going public in 2010 we have received over 84.4% stockholder support of our executive compensation programs. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee has reviewed the results of the stockholder vote on our 2024 executive compensation program and considered such results supportive of our executive compensation program and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee's measured approach to modifying our compensation practices to enhance their alignment with stockholder interests. In addition, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee has determined that the vote result and stockholder engagement did not warrant any large-scale changes to our executive compensation program; however, as discussed below, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee continues to take steps to help ensure our compensation practices remain aligned with best practices and stockholder interests. See "Corporate Governance Stockholder Engagement" for more information about our stockholder outreach. Compensation Refinements The Board and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee approved the following two refinements to our executive compensation program: (i) modified the weightings of the performance metrics of our annual incentive plan and (ii) modified the payout scale by adding a net revenue threshold to, among other things, help ensure a more balanced approach to achieving performance metrics. More specifically, for 2025, with respect to the NEOs, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee discontinued the use of the diversity, equity, and inclusion performance metric originally adopted in 2023 and reallocated the 10% of the overall weight allocated to that metric to the individual performance metric of the annual incentive program. This change was made to provide more flexibility in establishing applicable performance metrics and evaluating the performances of the NEOs. However, the individual performance goals for 2025 included, among others, goals related to enhancing the Company's culture and associate experience and promoting an inclusive environment. Further, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee also added a new rule to the annual incentive program to provide that in order for an NEO to achieve a payout of over 100% with respect to corporate-wide adjusted EBITDA, corporate-wide net revenue achievement must be at least 97% of target. This change was made to better align the interests of our NEOs with our revenues, business strategy, and investing in our business as well as our stockholders. Cboe Global Markets 2026 Proxy Statement 37 Table of Contents Executive Compensation Program Governance Cycle Throughout the year, the Board and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee are heavily involved in reviewing, monitoring, and approving, as applicable, the executive compensation program. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee, composed of all independent directors, is responsible for reviewing the various components of the total compensation program for all executive officers. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee met 16 times in 2025. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee either approves or makes recommendations to the Board regarding compensation-related decisions. Ms. Griebenow and Messrs. Tomczyk and Donohue, along with the EVP, Chief Human Resou