=== CBOE_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we believe are material at this time relating to our business. These risks and uncertainties, however, are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also significantly impact us. Any of these risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the key risks and uncertainties described below that we believe are material to us at this time: • the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures products; • economic, political, and market conditions; • compliance with legal and regulatory obligations; • price and new products and services competition and consolidation in our industry; • decreases in trading or clearing volumes, market data fees or a shift in the mix of products traded on our exchanges; • legislative or regulatory changes or changes in tax regimes; • our ability to protect our systems and communication networks from security vulnerabilities and breaches; • our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other personnel; • increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities; • our business and operational dependence on and exposure to risk from third parties; • factors that impact the quality and integrity of our and other applicable indices; • our ability to manage our global operations, growth, and strategic acquisitions, wind downs, divestitures, or alliances effectively; • increases in the cost of the products and services we use; • our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights; • our ability to minimize the risks, including our credit, liquidity, market, investment, counterparty, and default risks, associated with operating our clearinghouses; • our ability to accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic, including significant increases, without failure or degradation of performance of our systems; • misconduct by those who use our markets or our products or for whom we clear transactions; • challenges to our use of open source software code; • our ability to meet our compliance obligations, including managing our business interests and our regulatory responsibilities; • the loss of key customers or a significant reduction in trading or clearing volumes by key customers; • damage to our reputation; • the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage our risks; • restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or refinance our debt obligations; • our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating; • impairment of our goodwill, long-lived assets, investments or intangible assets; and • litigation risks and other liabilities. Risks Relating to Our Business Loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. We hold exclusive licenses to list securities index options on the S&P 500 Index, the Russell 2000 Index, and other indices granted to us by the owners of such indices, and additionally hold exclusive rights to our proprietary VIX Index methodology that provides the basis for VIX options and futures. In 2025, approximately 68% of our total revenues less cost of revenues were generated by the options and futures segments, the majority of which was generated by products based on exclusively licensed indices (e.g., SPX options) and products based on our proprietary VIX methodology (e.g., VIX options and futures). The bulk of this revenue is attributable to our SPX options and VIX options and futures. As a result, our revenues less cost of revenues are dependent in large part on the exclusive licenses we hold for these indices and our ability to maintain our exclusive proprietary rights in the VIX Index methodology and related products and indices. There is a risk, with respect to each of our current exclusive licenses, that the owner of the index may not renew the license with us on an exclusive basis or at all. In the first event, we would be subject to multiple listing in the trading of what is now an index product traded by us on an exclusive basis, which could result in a loss of market share and negatively 25 Table of Contents impact our profitability. In the second event, we could lose the right to list the index product entirely. The loss or limited use or change in the commercial terms of any of our exclusive index licenses, especially for the S&P 500 Index, for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. In addition to the risks related to our exclusive licenses, if we are unable to retain exclusive proprietary rights in the VIX Index methodology and related products and indices, competitors could create substantially similar volatility indices and products or list products based on Cboe volatility indices, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Emerging or changing regulatory regimes around the world may impact international customers’ interest in or ability to trade index-based products listed on our U.S. exchanges, as well as impact our expansion into foreign trading of our index-based products and our ability to license proprietary indices for use outside of the U.S. Furthermore, our competitors may succeed in developing, offering and providing a market for the trading of financial or investment products, such as new options products on indices or ETFs or certain event prediction market products, that are economically similar to those that we offer and they may become successful and take away volume from our products. It is also possible that a third-party may offer trading in index-based products that are the same as those that are the subject of one of our exclusive licenses, but in a jurisdiction in which the index owner cannot require a license or in a manner otherwise not limited by our exclusive license. In addition, a diminished perceived attractiveness of or change in demand for any of the indices underlying our products and services, especially the S&P 500 Index, for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. The value of our licenses to exclusively list index options and futures also depends on the continued ability of index owners to require licenses for the trading of options and futures based on their indices. Although we and other index owners have prevailed in legal actions seeking to challenge our rights to exclusively license indices, we may be subject to changes in the law or other actions taken in the future that might impede our ability to exclusively offer trading in certain index options and futures. General economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could significantly reduce demand for our products and services and harm our business. The volume of trading and clearing transactions and the demand for our products and services are directly affected by macroeconomic and other conditions in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere in the world that are beyond our control, including: • economic, political, and geopolitical market conditions; • broad trends in business and finance; • concerns over inflation levels and recessions; • wavering institutional or retail confidence levels; • government or central bank actions, such as, but not limited to, tariffs, changes in government fiscal and monetary policy, or foreign currency exchange rates; • other legislative and regulatory changes; • the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital; • the perceived attractiveness of the U.S., European, Canadian, or Australian capital markets; • the availability or perceived attractiveness of the indices that we offer proprietary products on, such as the S&P 500 index, or alternative investment or trading opportunities; • changes in the level of trading activity in underlying instruments; • changes and volatility in the prices of securities; • changes in the volume of foreign currency transactions; • changes in supply and demand for currencies; • movements in currency exchange rates; • the level and volatility of interest rates; • changes in the financial strength of market participants; • consolidation among market participants and market data subscribers; • decline in the number of public company listings or an increase in delistings, acquisitions, privatizations, or bankruptcies; • unforeseen market closures, suspensions of open outcry trading, disruptions at other market infrastructure providers or exchanges including upon which we rely for data or connectivity, or other disruptions in trading and clearing; and • disruptions due to terrorism, war, extreme weather events, pandemics, or other catastrophes. Any of these factors, individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results by causing a substantial decline in the financial services markets and reducing trading and clearing volumes and demand for market data. 26 Table of Contents Our business may be adversely affected by price competition. The securities industry is characterized by intense price competition, especially with respect to transaction fees. We may be required to adjust pricing to respond to actions by new or existing competitors, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. We also compete with respect to the pricing of market data and value-added market data, such as historical market data. In our options segment, the pricing model for trade execution has changed in response to competitive market conditions, and our competitors have adjusted transaction fees and fee structures accordingly, including by opening new exchanges, which allow them to offer multiple pricing models that can appeal to different segments of market participants. These changes have resulted in significant pricing pressures on us, especially on transaction fees and incentives for multi-listed products. As a result of these pricing pressures, our average rate per multi-listed options contract may decrease. It is likely that this pressure will continue and even intensify as our competitors continue to seek to increase their share of trading by further reducing their transaction fees or by offering other financial incentives to order providers and liquidity providers to induce them to direct orders to their markets. In addition, one or more competitors may engage in aggressive pricing strategies and significantly decrease or completely eliminate their profit margin for a period of time in order to capture a greater share of trading volume. Some order-providing firms on our exchanges have taken ownership positions in options exchanges that compete with us and such exchanges have given those firms added economic incentives to direct orders to them. With respect to our proprietary products, we compete with futures exchanges and swap execution facilities that offer similar products and other financial market participants that offer over-the-counter derivatives. We also compete against certain event prediction market or multi-listed options products, such as SPY options, which offer some of the features of our proprietary products, such as SPX options. To attract market share, we may offer “inverted” pricing specials or non-transaction fee trading from time to time, per various fee schedules across our equities exchanges. These forms of promotions, along with other supplemental liquidity programs, may adversely affect our profitability. Further, regulatory and legal developments, including the equity market structure proposals and the Volume Based Proposal, if adopted as-is, could also adversely impact our ability to adjust our equities transaction fee schedules to respond to actions by new or existing competitors, our ability to incentivize on-exchange liquidity provision, as well as our ability to offer members volume-based pricing. Additionally, in the U.S., we are generally required to file with the SEC any changes to the fees that we charge and in recent years the SEC has more heavily scrutinized pricing changes. See “Legal Proceedings” for more information. If we are unable to compete successfully with respect to the pricing of our services and products, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. We could lose a substantial percentage of our share of trading if we are unable to price transactions in a competitive manner. Also, our profits could decline if competitive pressures or regulatory changes force us to reduce fees. A significant portion of our operating revenues is generated by our transaction and clearing-based businesses. If the amount of trading volume on our markets or clearing volume decreases, or the product mix shifts to lower revenue products, our revenues from transaction and clearing fees will most likely decrease. In 2025, approximately 74% of our revenues less cost of revenues were generated by our transaction and clearing-based business. which is heavily oriented towards U.S. index and equity options. This business is dependent on our ability to attract and maintain order flow, both in absolute terms and relative to other market centers. If the amount of trading volume on our Exchanges, CFE, BIDS Trading, Cboe Canada Inc., notional value traded on Cboe FX, Cboe SEF, Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives, and Cboe Australia or clearing volumes at Cboe Clear Europe or Cboe Clear U.S. decrease, we are likely to see a decrease in fees. Our total trading or clearing volumes could decline if our market participants reduce their trading or clearing activity for any reason, such as: • heightened capital or margin requirements; • transaction, sales, or other tax; • regulatory or legislative actions; • reduced need to trade due to changes in volatility and/or passive investment trends; • reduced access to capital required to fund trading activities; • consolidation among market participants; • suspensions of open outcry trading; or • significant market disruptions or system failures. 27 Table of Contents Over the past few years, a number of legislative actions have been taken, both domestically and internationally, or actions by other third parties that may cause market participants to be subject to increased capital or margin requirements and additional compliance burdens. These actions, including MiFID II, MiFIR, OCC margin requirements, the equity market structure rules and proposals and potential changes to Rule 611 of Regulation NMS (the Order Protection Rule), may incentivize trading away from our markets or cause market participants to reduce trading activity on or routing to our markets. In addition, the transaction fees generated are different based on type of product and other factors, including the type of customer and certain volume discounts. If our equities trading volume decreases, including as a result of the Volume Based Proposal's proposed prohibition on volume-based agency tiers in the equities markets, or options trading volume shifts to our lower revenue per contract products, our revenues from transaction fees will most likely decrease. We can offer no assurance that we would be able to reduce our costs to match the amount of any such decrease. Revenues from our market data fees and access and capacity fees may be reduced due to declines in our market share, trading volumes or regulatory changes. The occurrence of any event that reduces the amount of market data fees that we receive, whether as a result of fee reductions, fewer members subscribing to the U.S. tape plans or other market data offerings, lack of new products, declines in market share, trading volumes, or notional volumes, or regulatory changes may have a direct negative impact on our business, financial condition, and operating results. For example, if our market share of U.S. listed equities and options or Cboe’s European equities trading volume were to decline, our share of market data fees could also decline. Moreover, market data fees could decline as a result of a reduction in the number of market data users, for example because of consolidation among market data subscribers or due to a decline in professional subscriptions as a result of staff reductions in the financial services industry or otherwise. Regulatory and legal developments could also impact the fees we receive from market data and access and capacity, or our cost in providing such services. In the U.S., we are generally required to file with the SEC any changes to the fees that we charge for our securities market data products and access and capacity fees. In recent years, certain industry groups have objected to the ability of exchanges to charge for certain market data products. In addition, the SEC and some media have scrutinized market data and market access products and fees. As discussed above, the implementation of MDIR, the equity market structure rules and proposals, or potential changes to Rule 611 of Regulation NMS (the Order Protection Rule) could cause Cboe’s equities exchanges, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA, to require additional resources to comply with the new rules, and may have a material impact on our business, financial condition, and operating results, including if, for example, there are lower SIP plan revenues or we must reduce the fees or access fee caps we charge. Further, following the SEC’s disapproval of our 2024 proposed rule change to adopt a rule providing that our order and execution management systems (“OEMS") that operate independently from our registered national securities exchanges are not “facilities” of those exchanges, we are seeking exemptive relief for our OEMSs from certain exchange regulations, such as rule filing requirements. Being required to continue to follow exchange regulations could reduce our OEMSs’ competitiveness, could result in a reduction of the value of OEMSs to us, and is likely to increase our compliance costs. See “Legal Proceedings” for more information. In addition, the SEC approved a Consolidated Data Plan to replace the three equity data plans that govern the dissemination of real-time, consolidated market data for NMS stocks. If implemented as-is, the Consolidated Data Plan will reduce Cboe’s voting share in the Operating Committee for the Securities Information Processors, which in turn, may impact Cboe’s ability to influence votes on market data revenue matters. We believe Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives currently offers market data to customers on a non-discriminatory basis at a reasonable cost. As European regulators determine how market data should be disaggregated and what is a reasonable commercial basis for providing market data, it could affect our ability to offer market data products in the same manner that we do today thereby causing an adverse effect on our European market data revenues. While MiFID II and MiFIR aim to encourage a commercial solution to a consolidated tape in Europe, should this fail to materialize, policy makers might be encouraged to implement a mandatory solution that could impact our ability to develop our own commercial offering. As discussed above, the E.C. published provisions for a consolidated tape for the EU, which is expected to be implemented in 2026. As proposed, these provisions may have a material impact on our business, financial condition, and operating results if, for example, we must reduce the fees we charge for market data. The technology upon which we rely, including that of our service providers, may be susceptible to security vulnerabilities or breaches that could harm our business and our role in the global marketplace puts us at heightened risk relative to other public companies. The secure and reliable operation of our technology, including our computer systems and communications networks, and those of our service providers, market participants, investments, and other third parties, is a critical element of our operations or our business, financial condition, or operating results. These systems and networks may be subject to various cybersecurity incidents such as improper or inadvertent access to or disclosure of confidential, commercially sensitive, or personally identifiable information, data theft, corruption or destruction, ransomware, supply chain attack, denial of service attack, malware, and other security problems, as well as acts of terrorism, attacks by threat actors including criminal groups, 28 Table of Contents political activist groups and nation-state actors, attacks in connection with geopolitical activity, criminal insider activity, employee error, and service provider, market participant or third-party disruptions or security breaches. Additionally, cyber threats and the techniques used in cyberattacks change, develop and evolve rapidly, including from emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence (“AI”) and quantum computing. Our hybrid work environment, usage of mobile, AI and cloud-based technologies, and ongoing divestitures and wind downs may increase our risk for a cybersecurity incident. Moreover, given our position in the global financial services industry and as critical infrastructure, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of such events. While we, and the third parties with which we interact, have experienced in the past, and we expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity threats and events of varying degrees, including events impacting personally identifiable information, we are not aware of any of these threats or events having a material impact on our business, financial condition, or operating results to date, however we cannot assure you that we, or the third parties with which we interact, will not experience future threats or events that may be material. We maintain policies, procedures, and controls designed to safeguard against cybersecurity incidents and unauthorized access by protecting the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and reliability of our systems, networks, and information. These policies, procedures, and controls are subject to monitoring, auditing, and evaluation practices, pursuant to our Enterprise Risk Management program, which is supported by a three lines of defense approach, and our other governance practices. Further, we developed and maintain cybersecurity and data privacy training programs for our employees and our third-party consultants who have access to our systems. We also conduct simulations, tabletop exercises, and response readiness tests and engage independent third parties on a routine basis to perform cybersecurity penetration assessments. Collectively, these safeguards and measures or those of our third-party providers, including any cloud-based technologies, may prove inadequate to prevent the attendant risk posed by cybersecurity incidents, subjecting us to contractual restrictions, liability and damages, loss of business, penalties, unfavorable publicity, increased scrutiny by our regulators, and may materially impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. We may be required to expend significant resources in the event of any real or threatened breaches in security, including to protect against threatened breaches, to alleviate harm caused by an actual breach, and to address any reputational harm or litigation or regulatory liability. Despite our cybersecurity measures, security vulnerabilities or breaches may remain undetected for an extended period of time. As a result of our ongoing risk management and related assurance activities, we have identified, addressed, and continue to address potential security vulnerabilities and/or internal control weaknesses. We are not aware of any of these vulnerabilities having a material impact on our business, financial condition, or operating results to date. However, we cannot provide assurance that any future vulnerabilities, internal control weaknesses, or events that may be experienced will not be material. Such harms also could cause us to lose market participants, experience lower trading volume, and negatively impact our competitive advantage and business, financial condition, and operating results. Additionally, as threats continue to evolve and increase, as we continue to expand ongoing risk management and related assurance activities, and as the domestic and international regulatory environment related to cybersecurity and data protection becomes increasingly rigorous, we may be required to devote significant additional resources to modify and enhance our security controls and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Those additional resources could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. If we fail to attract or retain highly skilled management and other employees our business may be harmed. Our success largely depends on the skills, experience and continued efforts of management and other key personnel. As a result, to be successful, we must retain and motivate executives and other key employees. However, we have no assurances that these employees will remain with us. The roles and responsibilities of departing executive officers and employees will need to be filled either by existing or new officers and employees, which may require us to devote time and resources to identifying, hiring, and integrating replacements for the departed executives and employees that could otherwise be used to pursue business opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition, and operating results. There is substantial competition for qualified and capable personnel which may make it difficult for us to retain and recruit qualified employees in sufficient numbers. We have previously faced and may in the future face increased challenges in retaining and attracting qualified employees, including as we implement a return to office plan and our business review actions. Further, potential negative perceptions of our human capital management related programs, including whether due to perceived over- or under-pursuit of such programs, may result in increased challenges in retaining or attracting qualified employees, as well as potential litigation or other adverse impacts. If we fail to retain our current employees, it would be difficult and costly to identify, recruit, and train replacements needed to continue to conduct and expand our business. In particular, failure to retain and attract qualified technology personnel could result in systems failures. Consequently, our reputation may be harmed, we may incur additional costs and our profitability could decline. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain and motivate our employees in the same manner as we have historically done. Additionally, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving our management team and key employees, including the recent transitions of our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Operating Officer, and our other leaders, could hinder our strategic planning and execution. 29 Table of Contents Intense competition could materially adversely affect our market share and financial performance. The market for trade execution services, clearing, and products is intensely competitive in the asset classes and geographies in which we operate. Increased competition may result in a decline in our share of trading activity and a decline in our revenues from transaction and clearing fees and market data fees, thereby materially adversely affecting our operating results. We compete with a number of entities and markets on several different fronts, including the cost, quality, and speed of our trade execution, functionality and ease of use of our trading and clearing platforms, range of our products and services, our technological innovation and adaptation and our reputation. In particular, we have seen increased competition from off-exchange venues, which have increased their share of trading activity. See “Business – Competition” for more information. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have greater financial, marketing, technological, personnel, and other resources than we do. These factors may enable them to develop similar or more innovative products, to offer lower transaction and clearing fees or better execution to their customers or to execute their business strategies more quickly or efficiently than we can. In addition, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be materially adversely affected if we cannot successfully develop, introduce and/or market new services and products or if we need to adopt costly and customized technology for our services and products. Emerging technologies, alternative settlement mechanisms, and 24-hour trading may also affect our traditional business models. For example, the adoption of tokenization or other emerging settlement technologies that enable self-clearing may reduce demand for traditional clearing services. New or existing competitors may also develop products or technologies that provide similar economic exposure or functionality to our existing offerings through different mechanisms, which may reduce demand for our products. Furthermore, new or existing competitors may: • respond more quickly to competitive pressu

=== CBOE_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Except as set forth below, there have been no material updates during the period covered by this Form 10-Q to the Risk Factors as set forth in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. These risks and uncertainties, however, are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also significantly impact us. Any risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. If we fail to attract or retain highly skilled management and other employees our business may be harmed. Our success largely depends on the skills, experience and continued efforts of management and other key personnel. As a result, to be successful, we must retain and motivate executives and other key employees. However, we have no assurances that these employees will remain with us. The roles and responsibilities of departing executive officers and employees will need to be filled either by existing or new officers and employees, which may require us to devote time and resources to identifying, hiring, and integrating replacements for the departed executives and employees that could otherwise be used to pursue business opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition, and operating results. There is substantial competition for qualified and capable personnel which may make it difficult for us to retain and recruit qualified employees in sufficient numbers. In addition, subsequent to March 31, 2026, we announced additional actions related to our strategic realignment, that combined with our earlier actions to sell, wind down, and optimize certain businesses, is expected to reduce our workforce by approximately 20%. We have previously faced and may in the future face increased challenges in retaining and attracting qualified employees, including as we implement a return to office plan, our business review actions, and additional actions related to our strategic realignment. Further, potential negative perceptions of our human capital management related programs, including whether due to perceived over- or under-pursuit of such programs, may result in increased challenges in retaining or attracting qualified employees, as well as potential litigation or other adverse impacts. If we fail to retain our current employees, it would be difficult and costly to identify, recruit, and train replacements needed to continue to conduct and expand our business. In particular, failure to retain and attract qualified technology personnel could result in systems failures. Consequently, our reputation may be harmed, we may incur additional costs and our profitability could decline. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain and motivate our employees in the same manner as we have historically done. Additionally, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving our management team and key employees, including the recent transitions of our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Operating Officer, and our other leaders, could hinder our strategic planning and execution. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. Share repurchase program In 2011, the Board of Directors approved an initial authorization for the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock of $100 million and subsequently approved additional authorizations for a total authorization of $2.3 billion. The program permits the Company to purchase shares, through a variety of methods, including in the open market, through established trading plans, or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. It does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases at any specific time or situation. The Company repurchased 161,227 shares of its common stock under its share repurchase program during the three months ended March 31, 2026 at an average cost per share of $280.20, totaling $45.1 million, and had $569.4 million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations as of March 31, 2026. 76 Table of Contents The table below shows the purchases of equity securities by the Company which settled during the three months ended March 31, 2026, reflecting the purchase of common stock under the Company's share repurchase program: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) January 1 to January 31, 2026 — $ — — $ 614.5 February 1 to February 28, 2026 11,500 269.59 11,500 611.4 March 1 to March 31, 2026 149,727 281.01 149,727 569.4 Total 161,227 $ 280.20 161,227 Purchase of common stock from employees The table below reflects the acquisition of common stock by the Company in the three months ended March 31, 2026 that were not part of the publicly announced share repurchase authorization. These shares consisted of shares retained to cover payroll withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock unit awards and performance share awards. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share January 1 to January 31, 2026 — $ — February 1 to February 28, 2026 94,575 272.82 March 1 to March 31, 2026 5,781 300.37 Total 100,356 $ 283.56 Use of proceeds None. Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. Securities Trading Plans of Executive Officers and Directors During the three months ended March 31, 2026, our directors and executive officers adopted or terminated contracts, instructions, or written plans for the purchase or sale of our securities as noted below: Name and Title Date of Adoption of Trading Plan Scheduled Expiration Date of Trading Plan(1) Aggregate Number of Securities to Be Purchased or Sold Janet Froetscher Director 2/11/2026 (2) 3/17/2027 (2) Sale of up to 4,884 shares of common stock ___________________________ (1) The trading plan may also expire on such earlier date as all transactions under the trading plan are completed. (2) Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c). 77 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 (filed herewith). 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 (filed herewith). 32.1 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (filed herewith). 32.2 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (filed herewith). 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith). — The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith). 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (filed herewith). 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded as Inline XBRL document). 78 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. Registrant By: 