=== EXPD_2026-03-24.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A 0000746515 false DEF 14A 0000746515 expd:JeffreySMusserMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000746515 expd:JeffreySMusserMember ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000746515 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember expd:DanielRWallMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember expd:DanielRWallMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 expd:DanielRWallMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 expd:JeffreySMusserMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 2025-01-01 2025-03-31 0000746515 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember expd:DanielRWallMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000746515 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember expd:DanielRWallMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 expd:JeffreySMusserMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000746515 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 2025-04-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 expd:JeffreySMusserMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000746515 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000746515 expd:JeffreySMusserMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 expd:JeffreySMusserMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000746515 expd:JeffreySMusserMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 expd:JeffreySMusserMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 expd:JeffreySMusserMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember expd:DanielRWallMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000746515 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000746515 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Expeditors 2019 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS SEATTLE, WA EXPEDITORS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING PROXY STATEMENT 202 Resolve Our People Expeditors International of Washington Inc. Corporate Headquarters Seattle, WA March 24, 2026 To Our Shareholders The events of 2025 whether it was the jolt of Liberation Day, widespread geopolitical tensions, or shapeshifting tariff diplomacy spurred us to new heights of performance. It was a year in which external forces pushed our customs business to the center of our operational axis. We dedicated thousands of hours to webinars and conference calls to keep our customers, potential customers, and colleagues up to date on the rapid changes in trade compliance. A typical ten-minute customs declaration required many additional hours of extra work due to increased complexity. We were glad to make the extra effort because it made us more focused, more efficient, and ultimately better. The year 2025 was one in which we realigned departments for greater efficiency and productivity to advance our pursuit of operational excellence and growth. It marked the start of a renewed focus on growth across every part of our organization and in all parts of our business. During such an exceptionally demanding year, we successfully transitioned numerous seasoned professionals into senior leadership roles, including the appointments of Dan Wall as CEO and Dave Hackett as CFO, as part of our ongoing commitment to refreshment and continuity. Certainly, our success over 45+ years comes in large part from our knowledge and our partnerships, as well as our use of technology to further enhance our efficiencies. But it is our people and our unique customer-driven culture unmatched throughout the logistics industry that truly sets us apart. We have often said, Expeditors performs best when conditions are at their most challenging. Certainly, 2025 proved that saying true nothing can match the strength we draw from our people and our culture. Enhancing Growth: Intelligent Solutions for Our Knowledge-Based Business We do not believe 2025 was an anomaly. We expect the changes in our industry to be constant and unforgiving for those unable to adapt. Despite our strong performance over the past year, we must continue to explore new avenues for growth because ours is a knowledge-based business that rewards innovation, efficiency, and expertise. We expect our industry to remain fast-paced and unpredictable. Global trade pressures are likely to continue, supply chains will further diversify, lanes will shift, and moving freight across time zones and borders will not become any less complex. We believe these are conditions when our asset-light business model and our associates perform our best, and we look forward to further upping our game to meet those challenges head-on. We ask for your vote : We ask you to vote FOR the Board s nine Director nominees and the two proposals put forth by our Board of Directors. In particular, we ask that you carefully consider your vote on our Named Executive Officer Compensation, which received 89.8% support in 2025. We strongly believe that our unique compensation structure, the basics of which our founders carefully designed more than 40 years ago, ties compensation directly to profitability and is fundamental to our culture and a core competitive advantage. While the program is crafted to incentivize increased profitability, it is also specifically structured so that program participants bear the brunt of the impact if profits turn down. By design, we believe that our senior executives should have the most to lose from underperformance. The essence of our executive compensation program dictates that base salaries are kept well below market levels (generally $100,000 or below), with incentives paid at a fixed percentage of U.S. GAAP operating income. This directly links changes in operating income to incentives paid, as incentive pool payouts rise and fall with operating income. Our compensation program remains a highly strategic driver of our growth. While we believe the program disincentivizes reckless, unnecessary, or wasteful spending, it also instills a critical sense of ownership among participants and remains a competitive advantage. Keeping in mind the need to weigh annual compensation with long-term equity, we have continued to shift the balance towards granting equity awards to senior executives, with an increased emphasis on grants tied to financial performance. We believe this further aligns our compensation program with the interests of all shareholders. On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, we thank our employees, customers, service providers, communities, and you, our shareholders, for your continued support and your investment in our business. We recognize that you have many choices of where to invest, and we are grateful that you chose Expeditors. Sincerely, /s/ Robert P. Carlile Robert P. Carlile Chair of the Board of Directors TABLE OF CONTENTS To Our Shareholders Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders 1 Proxy Summary 2 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 4 Corporate Governance 13 - Director Compensation 15 Shareholder Engagement Stock Ownership Information 15 - Five Percent Owners of Company Stock 17 Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Report 18 - Our Commitment to Sustainability 20 Proposal No. 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 23 Compensation Discussion Analysis 26 - Compensation Committee Report 32 - Summary Compensation Table 34 Proposal No. 3: Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 40 Audit Committee Report 41 Other Information 43 Appendix A: EEO-1 Report 50 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Tuesday, May 5, 2026 Expeditors International 3545 Factoria Blvd SE, Suite 300 Bellevue, WA 98006 Election of Directors Approve (advisory) Named Executive Officer Compensation Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Record Date: Close of business on March 10, 2026 Attending the Annual Meeting Attendance at the Meeting is limited to shareholders able to present evidence of ownership as of the Record Date. All shareholders must be prepared to present valid photo identification to be admitted to the Meeting. Cameras (including cellular phones), recording devices and other electronic devices, and the use of cellular phones, will not be permitted at the Meeting. Representatives will be at the entrance to the Meeting, and these representatives will have the authority, on the Company s behalf, to determine whether the admission policy and procedures have been followed and whether you will be granted admission to the Meeting. Availability of Proxy Materials This Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and related proxy materials are being distributed or made available to shareholders beginning on or about March 24, 2026. This includes instructions on how to access these materials (including our Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report to shareholders) online. Please vote your shares We encourage shareholders to vote promptly, as this will save the expense of additional proxy solicitation. You may vote in the following ways: By Order of the Board of Directors, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. /s/ Jeffrey F. Dickerman Jeffrey F. Dickerman Corporate Secretary Bellevue, Washington March 24, 2026 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 1 PROXY SUMMARY This Proxy Statement and the accompanying form of proxy are furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (the Company, Expeditors, we, us, our) for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting). This proxy summary is intended to provide a broad overview of the items that you will find elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. As this is only a summary, we encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement for more information about these topics prior to voting. Meeting Agenda Voting Recommendations Proposal Board's Voting Recommendation Page No. 1: Election of Directors FOR (each nominee) 4 No. 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation FOR 23 No. 3: Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR 40 2023-2025 Financial Performance (Data in millions except dividends per share and earnings per share (EPS)) 2025 Highlights Strong Financial Performance : While our financial performance in 2025 did not meet our goals, it was fairly strong considering the severe decline that occurred in the ocean markets in Q3 through year end. We focused on the things we could control and our remaining services performed well throughout the year, especially our customs, Transcon road freight and warehousing and distribution services, which all had double-digit growth. Our focus in 2026 will be on growth diversification across all regions, all products and all customer segmentations. We will also be focusing on pricing optimization and further aligning our cost structure with current market conditions. Shareholder Return : Consistent with past years, we returned substantial cash to shareholders and grew our dividend, ensuring we remained a Dividend Aristocrat. In 2025, we returned $875 million to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends. Shareholder Engagement : We engaged with shareholders representing 59% of our shares outstanding, including engagement with governance teams representing 47% of outstanding shares. We seek our shareholders views on matters of strategy, performance, compensation, governance, board operations and their interests in sustainability factors that are relevant to Expeditors. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 2 Planned Executive Succession and Refreshment : The Board and management continue to oversee leadership development for the next stages of growth. This year we appointed a 38-year industry veteran and Company leader as the new Chief Executive Officer, effective April 1, 2025. We also appointed a seasoned financial expert as Chief Financial Officer, effective October 1, 2025 and further refreshed our executive ranks by elevating seven other highly talented individuals with deep industry experience and extensive careers with Expeditors. Expanding Technology Oversight : Our technology leadership team, which consists of a Chief Information Officer and a Chief Information Security Officer, continued to expand and upgrade oversight of all of our technology, including our cybersecurity defenses. Commitment to Sustainability : Details of our updated sustainability programs are available in our 2025 Sustainability Report posted at https://www.expeditors.com/about-us/sustainability . Material Weaknesses Remediated : The previously identified and disclosed material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting have been remediated. Our Compensation Program in Brief Our shareholder-approved Executive Incentive Compensation Plan ( The Plan ) has been fundamental to our culture and a key driver of growth since 1985, tying compensation directly to profitability. We encourage you to read further details of The Plan in our Compensation Discussion Analysis. Key Program Components of "The Plan" All Executives receive an annual base salary that is capped at $100,000, intentionally well below market to increase the proportion of at-risk pay, with executives bearing an outsized impact of weak or negative financial performance. Company performance funds an Incentive Pool with up to 10% of U.S. GAAP pre-tax operating income before bonus. The Incentive Pool is paid out at a fixed percentage of operating income, with fluctuations in the amounts paid directly linked to actual changes in operating income, aligning both the short- and long-term interests of employees and shareholders. All incentive pay elements are directly linked to Company performance, consistent with Expeditors long-standing pay for performance philosophy. By tying compensation directly to profitability, The Plan incentivizes profitable growth and is specifically designed so that participants bear the brunt of the impact when profits decline. By design, our senior executives have the most to lose from underperformance. No incentive payments will be made for a quarter in which we have an operating loss, and any cumulative operating losses, should they occur, must be made up by future operating income before we would start to fund the Incentive Pool for incentive payments. Allocation percentages are set upon promotion, based on responsibilities, and are reviewed quarterly for potential downward revision, depending on financial performance. Allocation percentages are never revised upward. Since the beginning of 2021, the Compensation Committee has effectively reduced the overall allocation percentages to NEOs by 40% and has not increased the allocation to any executive position: 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Chief Executive Officer 4.7% 4.5% 4.5% 4.5% 3.2% President - Global Business Development 3.5% 3.3% 2.9% 2.0% 2.0% President - Global Products 3.1% 2.9% 2.0% 2.0% 1.7% President - Global Geographies 3.1% 2.9% 2.9% 2.9% 2.0% Chief Financial Officer 3.5% 3.3% 3.3% 3.3% 1.9% Total Allocation 17.9% 16.9% 15.6% 14.7% 10.8% RSU and PSU awards are set each May, based on Company and individual performance. Three-year PSU targets for Net Revenue and EPS are set annually and are intentionally aggressive. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 3 PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Company s Bylaws require a Board of Directors composed of not less than six nor more than eleven members. The Board is currently comprised of nine members. Expeditors Directors are elected at each Annual Meeting to hold office until the next Annual Meeting or until the election or qualification of his or her successor. Any vacancy resulting from the non-election of a Director may be filled by the Board of Directors. The nine nominees are named below. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named in this proposal. Nominees for Election This year s nominees consist of eight independent Directors and one non-independent Director. Unless otherwise instructed, it is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying form of proxy to vote shares represented by properly executed proxies for the nine nominees of the Board of Directors named below. Although the Board anticipates that all of the nominees will be available to serve as Directors of the Company, should any one or more of them be unwilling or unable to serve, it is intended that the proxies will be voted for the election of a substitute nominee or nominees designated by the Board of Directors or the seat will remain open until the Board of Directors identifies a nominee. The Board of Directors has determined that all current Directors except Mr. Wall are independent under the applicable independence standards set forth in the rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act) and NYSE rules. The Board has designated that only independent Directors can serve as Committee members. The following persons are nominated to serve as Directors until the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders: Independent Nominee Age Director Since 2025 Committee Membership Other Public Company Boards NGC Comp Audit Glenn M. Alger 69 2017 Robert P. Carlile 70 2019 MicroVision, Inc. James M. DuBois 62 2016 X Mark A. Emmert 73 2008 X C Weyerhaeuser Co. Diane H. Gulyas 69 2015 X X Ingevity Corp. Brandon S. Pedersen 59 2022 X C trivago N.V. Liane J. Pelletier 68 2013 C Frontdoor, Inc. and Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Olivia D. Polius 56 2021 X Non-Independent Nominee Daniel R. Wall 57 2025 Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 4 DIRECTOR BIOGRAPHIES ROBERT P. CARLILE Robert Bob P. Carlile became a Director of the Company in May 2019. He was appointed Chair of the Audit Committee in May 2020 and Chair of the Board in May 2022. Bob s extensive career in professional services and numerous leadership positions benefit the board and management in several areas including: A broad perspective on issues facing public companies and the evolving global business environment developed over four decades in industries such as global logistics, retail, transportation, technology, and manufacturing. Managing professional service organizations through periods of crisis and sudden change. Extensive knowledge and understanding of financial accounting, internal controls over financial reporting, and risk management. Demonstrated ability as a board chair, chair of audit committees, and member of compensation and nominating and governance committees with various companies and organizations. Operating career experiences include: Audit Partner at KPMG LLP (2002-2016) and Arthur Andersen LLP (1977-2002). Various operating leadership positions at KPMG and Arthur Andersen. Education background: Bachelor s in Business Administration (Accounting), Magna Cum Laude, Boise State University. Other boards: Current: MicroVision, Inc. (Nasdaq: MVIS). Current: Virginia Mason Franciscan Health. DANIEL R. WALL Daniel R. Wall became a Director in April 2025. He joined Expeditors in March 1987 and was promoted to District Manager in May 1992 and Global Director - Account Management in March 2002. Mr. Wall was elected Vice President ECMS (Order Management) in January 2004 and Senior Vice President - Ocean Services in September 2004. Mr. Wall was appointed as President, Global Products in June 2015, and as President, Global Services, effective January 1, 2023. In October 2023, Mr. Wall was named President, Global Geographies and Operations, effective January 1, 2024. Mr. Wall was unanimously elected President and CEO by the Board of Directors in February 2025 and was appointed to the Board, effective April 1, 2025. Operating career experiences include: Over 38 years of experience in the international transportation industry. Many years of corporate leadership responsibilities. A deep understanding of the global logistics industry, including experience in Company account management, ocean services, global services, and global geographies. Licensed U.S. Customs Broker and IATA/FIATA certified. Education background: Executive Master of Business Administration, Seattle University. GLENN M. ALGER Glenn M. Alger became a Director of the Company in May 2017. His active participation and experience in global logistics as a founder, former senior executive, and a long-term shareholder of the Company deliver benefit to the Board and management, including: Direct experience building the Company from a startup to a global industry leader. More than 30 years in business development, management, and senior leadership in global logistics. Industry expertise in customer markets, strategy, competition, and organization. Operating career experiences include: Over 20 years of strategy and operations as a senior executive of a public company. A deep understanding of both Company operations specifically and the global logistics industry generally. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 5 JAMES M. DuBOIS James Jim DuBois became a Director of the Company in May 2016. He serves on the Audit Committee and is the Board expert on cybersecurity and information technology. Jim brings deep experience in several areas that benefit the board and management, including: Deep expertise in cybersecurity and information technology from a 25-year career at Microsoft including the role of Chief Information Officer (CIO) from 2013 to 2017, and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) from 2006-2009. From 2009-2017, the CISO reported to DuBois. Author and public speaker from his technical expertise in digital transformations, cybersecurity, and AI. Experience serving on audit, compensation, and nominating and governance committees with various companies. Continuous and ongoing education on emerging business and boardroom topics. Operating career experiences include: International experience running regional teams of Microsoft in Asia and Europe. Education background: Bachelor s in Computer Science, University of Washington. Bachelor s in Business Administration, University of Washington. Other boards: Board member and board chair for multiple private equity owned companies, all B2B tech companies. Technical advisor and board member for multiple B2B tech startups. MARK A. EMMERT Mark A. Emmert became a Director of the Company in May of 2008. He chairs the Compensation Committee and serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. His wide-ranging leadership experience in the public, private, and nonprofit sectors enable him to support the Board and management in significant ways, including: Extensive public and private board experiences, including three Fortune 500 companies. Service and leadership of compensation, nominating and governance, and audit committees on public company boards. Diverse and deep experience in strategic planning and execution in complex entities. Broad background in design, structure, and operation of public and private governance systems. Director role in oversight of large- and small-scale mergers and acquisitions and sales. Direct involvement in multiple CEO transitions and succession planning. Operating career experiences include: Long standing CEO experience leading a number of complex multi-billion-dollar universities and NCAA. Various roles in public policy and government affairs at state and national level. Wide-ranging executive experience in human capital management. Experience in international affairs and relationships. Education background: Bachelor s degree, University of Washington. Master s degree in Public Administration, and PhD, Syracuse University. Other boards: Current Director of the Weyerhaeuser Corporation (NYSE: WY). Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 6 DIANE H. GULYAS Diane Gulyas became a Director of the Company in November 2015. She is a member of the Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Her many years of experience in executive business leadership and board service enable her to contribute to the management team and Board in significant ways, including: Twenty years of board service on five publicly traded companies and one privately held corporation in a variety of industries including chemicals, pharmaceuticals, transportation, and electronic materials. Chair of two compensation committees and one corporate social responsibility committee; member of several audit, finance and nominating and governance committees. Experience in several CEO successions, board refreshments, public-private transitions, capital planning, and strategic transformations. Substantial experience in global manufacturing, engineering, sales, and distribution. Operating career experiences include: Led three different multibillion dollar growth-oriented businesses at DuPont with the majority of sales outside the U.S. for over a decade. First Chief Marketing Officer at DuPont, responsible for branding, marketing communication, market research, customer contact centers, digital marketing, and worldwide capability. Education background: Bachelor of Science, Chemical Engineering, University of Notre Dame. Other Boards: Ingevity Corporation (NYSE: NGVT). Served as director in several non-profits including three years as Chair of the LPGA, leading a successful search for a new Commissioner and strategic planning process. BRANDON S. PEDERSEN Brandon Pedersen became a Director of the Company in February 2022. He currently chairs the Audit Committee and is a member of the Compensation Committee. Brandon brings deep experience in several areas that benefit the Board and management, including: Deep experience in the transportation sector including 15 years in the commercial airline industry and experience derived from serving on the board of a large privately held company engaged in shipping, air freight, trucking, energy distribution and marine service businesses. Ten years of experience as a public company CFO, including experience with mergers and acquisitions, capital allocation, financing strategies, supply chain, internal audit, investor relations, and IT oversight. Six years as a public company controller and chief accounting officer with substantial SEC reporting experience. Public accounting experience with an understanding of complex internal control environments and auditing standards. Certified Public Accountant - State of Washington (active). Audit Committee Qualified Financial Expert. Operating career experiences include: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Alaska Air Group, Inc. from 2010-2020; Vice President Finance and Controller at Alaska Air Group from 2003-2010. Big Four Audit Partner from 2000-2003. Education background: Bachelor s in Business Administration (Accounting), University of Washington. Bachelor s in Economics, University of Washington. Other boards : Current Director of trivago N.V. (NASDAQ: TRVG). Current Director of Saltchuk Resources, Inc., a privately held corporation with over 30 operating companies in North America, including the Bahamas and Caribbean. Current Director of Neutron Holdings, Inc, a privately held corporation doing business as Lime. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 7 LIANE J. PELLETIER Liane Pelletier became a Director of the Company in May 2013. She chairs the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. She brings deep experience in several areas that benefit the Board and management, including: Deep public company board experience over 20 years at seven companies. Experience serving or leading each board committee. Qualified financial expert. Years of responsibility for shareholder relations and capital markets transactions as public company CEO. Direct role in multiple CEO succession events. Cybersecurity oversight credentials. Expertise in architecting bespoke ERM. Operating (and board) career experience in highly regulated industries. Chief corporate strategy leadership role at large global company. Continuous and rigorous ongoing education on emerging business and boardroom topics. Past public company CEO experience. Operating career experiences include: CEO, President, Chair of Board of Alaska Communications, 2003-2011. Senior Vice President Corporate Strategy and Development (last role), Sprint Corporation, 1986-2003 (entire tenure). Education background: Master s in Business, MIT Sloan School. Bachelor s in Economics, Magna Cum Laude, Wellesley College. Other boards: Current: Frontdoor, Inc. (Nasdaq: FTDR). Current: Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (NYSE: AMP). OLIVIA D. POLIUS Olivia Polius became a Director of the Company in November 2021. She brings a wide-ranging experience from both the private sector and nonprofit sectors that benefit the Board and management, including: Deep finance and operations management experience. Expertise in strategy development, execution, and resource allocation. Experience in global operations, including sub-Saharan Africa and Asia. Direct involvement with government contract compliance. Certified Public Accountant State of Washington. Audit Committee Qualified Financial Expert. Operating career experiences include: Serving as the divisional CFO for two program strategy divisions at the Bill Melinda Gates foundation: Global Policy Advocacy and U.S. Programs. Previous CFO and VP of Finance, Technology and Infrastructure for PATH, a global organization that develops and scales innovative solutions to address some of the world s most pressing health challenges. Over a decade in various finance leadership roles in the software industry. Education background: Bachelor s degree from the University of Washington. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 8 How We Identify and Evaluate Director Candidates The Policy on Director Nominations describes the process by which Director nominees are selected by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and includes the criteria the Committee will consider in determining the qualifications of any candidate for Director. In reviewing candidates for the Board, the Committee considers the entirety of each candidate s credentials in the context of these standards. With respect to the nomination of continuing Directors for re-election, the individual s contributions to the Board are also considered. In its process of reviewing, nominating, and selecting Director candidates: Committee annually reviews its nomination procedures to assess the effectiveness of the Policy on Director Nominations. Committee considers candidates for Director who are recommended by its members, by management, and by search firms retained by the Committee. Per the Policy on Director Nominations, the Committee will also consider any candidate proposed by a shareholder satisfying certain notice provisions and will take into account the size and duration of the recommending shareholder's ownership. The Committee leads the search for qualified individuals to become Board members, taking into consideration various criteria including a candidate s contribution to Board diversity including differences in backgrounds, professional experiences, skills, and viewpoints that collectively contribute to effective governance and long-term shareholder value. All candidates for Director who, after evaluation, are recommended by the Committee and approved by the Board of Directors will be included in the Company s recommended slate of Director nominees in its Proxy Statement. Any shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders that has continuously beneficially owned at least 3% of the Company s Common Stock for at least three years, and who satisfies certain notice, information and consent provisions, may nominate up to 20% of the Directors standing for election and include such nominees on the Company's proxy statement pursuant to the Company's proxy access rights. A shareholder may nominate a Director candidate for election outside of the Company's proxy statement if the shareholder complies with the notice, information and consent provisions of Article II of the Company s Bylaws, which can be found on our website at https://investor.expeditors.com/ . Our Bylaws and our Policy on Director Nominations require any notice for Director nominees for shareholder consideration or recommendation of candidates to the Committee be submitted by certain deadlines, which are explained in detail under the heading Deadlines for Shareholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Policy on Director Nominations can be found on the Company s website at https://investor.expeditors.com/ Board Assessment and Refreshment Our Board consists of a diverse group of highly qualified leaders who, in total, contribute to the Company s performance overall in important ways. Each of our Directors has senior leadership experience at large domestic or multinational companies. In these positions, they have each gained significant and complementary management and leadership experiences, including in strategic and financial planning, public company financial reporting, strategy, operations, compliance, risk management, and leadership development. They also have in-depth public company experience serving as executive officers, or on boards of directors and board committees, and a robust understanding of corporate governance practices and trends. In addition, many of our directors have experience as directors or trustees of significant public policy, academic, research, nonprofit, and philanthropic institutions, and bring unique perspectives to the Board. The Board has a mix of short-, medium-, and long-term directors who collectively address the strategic needs of the Company and its governance. The Board believes that its composition was beneficial in assisting the incoming CEO (effective April 1, 2025) to assure his success. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 9 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees compliance of a variety of director policies, all documented in the Governance Principles . Importantly, the Committee annually conducts robust evaluations of Board, committee and self-assessments that are mined for important topics of continuous improvement. Areas of improvement take a high performing board to even greater levels of contribution, and work toward identified areas are tracked for achievement. Our Board and our Nominating and Governance Committee believe the skills and experiences of our Directors provide our Company with business acumen and a diverse range of perspectives to effectively address our evolving needs and oversee senior management in the competent and ethical operation of our Company and represent the best interests of our shareholders. Our Board considers its composition and refreshment in the context of our Company s long-term strategic goals and seeks to thoughtfully manage the pace of change and refreshment of its members over time. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 10 Summary of Director Nominee Experience, Qualifications, Attributes Skills Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 11 Our Board has the Relevant Experience and Skills to Oversee our Strategy Operations Experience and insights into business operations, which are critical in assessing management s ability to drive growth and nurture a strong corporate culture. Logistics Industry Experience in the global logistics industry, which is highly complex and dependent upon people, processes, and technology. International An understanding of diverse business environments, economic conditions, cultures, regulatory frameworks, and a broad perspective on global market opportunities. Finance Audit Senior-level experience in the audit and finance function of an enterprise, with proficiency in complex financial management, capital allocation, and financial reporting and internal control processes. Sales Marketing Experience developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand awareness and equity, and enhance enterprise reputation. Information Systems and Cybersecurity A significant background working in technology, resulting in knowledge of how to anticipate technological trends, generate disruptive innovation, and extend or create new business models. Direct experience in the cybersecurity frameworks and processes that protect data and information. Leadership Strategy A practical understanding of organizations, processes, strategic planning, and risk management. Demonstrated strengths in developing talent, planning succession, and driving change and long-term growth. Governance / Board / Business Conduct A solid foundation in good governance practices and oversight are critical to all business operations and publicly traded companies. Many of our Directors have deep public company board experience. Legal / Compliance An understanding of international laws and adherence to good conduct and compliance is critical for a large company that moves goods across borders around the globe. Risk Management Experience identifying, managing, and mitigating risks is essential for effectively overseeing the Company s risk management. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the Director Nominees. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 12 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Operations, Practices and Procedures The Board of Directors has policies and procedures to ensure effective operations and governance. Our Corporate Governance Principles, the Charters of each of the Board s Committees, and the Code of Business Conduct can be found on our website at https://investor.expeditors.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents . The primary functions of Expeditors Board of Directors include: Ensuring that the long-term interests of the Company are being served. Assuring that Board discussions focus on forward-looking strategies, approving such strategies and monitoring related performance. Overseeing the conduct of our business and monitoring significant enterprise risks. Overseeing our processes for maintaining the integrity of our financial statements, internal controls and other public disclosures, and compliance with laws and ethical conduct. Evaluating CEO and senior management performance and determining executive compensation. Planning CEO succession and monitoring management s succession planning for other key executive officers; taking into consideration the diverse experiences, qualifications, and perspectives each potential succession candidate can bring to the Company including gender, race, and ethnicity. Establishing tone at the top, effective governance structure, including appropriate Board evaluation, composition and planning for Board succession. Ensuring the Company focuses on material matters that support its sustainability efforts and comply with relevant sustainability standards as they evolve. Convening sessions among Independent Directors-only at each Board meeting. The Board currently has the following Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance, Compensation, and Audit. Corporate Governance Principles The Board met five times in 2025 and each Director attended at least 75% of the total number of Board of Directors meetings and Committee meetings on which they served. While the Company has no established policy requiring Directors to attend the Annual Meeting, all members attended the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Board s governing principles include: Commitment to the long-term interests of all stakeholders. Annual election of all Directors. Any Director who does not receive a majority vote in an uncontested election will resign immediately from the Board per the resignation policy. Availability of proxy access for qualifying shareholder groups. Independent Board Chair. The majority of the Board is comprised of independent Directors. Each of the three Board Committees is composed of only independent Directors. The Board and each Committee annually evaluates its performance. No shareholder rights plan (poison pill). No pledging, hedging or engaging in any derivatives trading of Company shares allowed by employees or Directors. Directors have stock ownership requirements. No Company spending on political campaigns and clear written policies against endorsing political parties or individual candidates; prohibition on making any Company premises available for political or campaign purposes; no contributions of funds to political campaigns, including indirect contributions for the purpose of electioneering or making a campaign donation on the Company s behalf. Annual Director certification of compliance with the Code of Business Conduct, available at https://investor.expeditors.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents . Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 13 Committee Composition Composition and leadership of the three standing committees are determined following the annual shareholder meeting. From time to time, the Board rotates committee membership to deepen director skills required to deliver on committee responsibilities. Additionally, every committee meeting is open to attendance of every Board Director. Committee assignments, including Committee Chair assignments, made each year consider: expertise, capacity, and interest. In all cases, the Board aims to compose each committee with members both new and tenured so that the work of the committee can proceed smoothly and efficiently. Director Retirement Policy The Board established a guideline, whereby an individual Director will not be nominated to stand for election to the Board of Directors at the next Annual Meeting if the Director has reached an age of 75 years, absent a waiver of such guideline by the Board. Board s Role in Risk Oversight Senior executive management is responsible for the assessment and day-to-day management of risk and brings to the attention of the Board the material risks to the Company. The Board provides oversight and guidance to management regarding material enterprise risks. Oversight responsibilities for certain areas of risk are assigned to the Board's three standing Committees and others are assigned to the full Board. Board s Role in Cybersecurity Risk Oversight Our Board of Directors provides direct oversight of and evaluates our risk management posture over cybersecurity at least annually. The Board s oversight is led by James DuBois, former CISO and Chief Information Officer (CIO) with the Microsoft Corporation, who communicates with cybersecurity leadership throughout the year. The Board is provided updates via our Enterprise Risk Management program quarterly, while meeting with the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) at least annually. Board s Strategy Oversight The Board oversees the Company s strategy and implementation at every meeting, including review of strategy effectiveness, market conditions, competitive and technological influences, and most importantly, new opportunities for growth. SEC Filings Reports Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge on our website at https://investor.expeditors.com/ under the heading Investor Relations (see SEC Filings) immediately after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Director Compensation Program The Board uses a combination of cash and stock-based compensation to attract and retain qualified non-employee candidates to serve on the Board. In setting Director compensation, the Compensation Committee considers the amount of time that Directors expend in fulfilling their duties, as well as the skill level required as members of the Board and its Committees. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 14 Board of Directors' Annual Compensation Stock Ownership Requirements Board Retainer $140,000 in cash and $200,000 worth of Company restricted stock. Chair Retainers An additional $190,000 retainer for the Chair of the Board. An additional $35,000 retainer for the Chair of the Audit Committee. An additional $25,000 retainer for the Chair of each of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Stock Ownership Policy Each Director is required to retain a minimum of 5x the cash Board retainer in Expeditors Common Stock, which is to be accumulated within the first 5 years of a Director joining the Board. Director Compensation Table The table below summarizes the compensation paid by the Company to non-employee Directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards (1) Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation All Other Compensation Total Robert P. Carlile $330,000 199,937 $529,937 Glenn M. Alger $140,000 199,937 $339,937 James M. DuBois $140,000 199,937 $339,937 Mark A. Emmert $165,000 199,937 $364,937 Diane H. Gulyas $140,000 199,937 $339,937 Brandon S. Pedersen $175,000 199,937 $374,937 Liane J. Pelletier $165,000 199,937 $364,937 Olivia D. Polius $140,000 199,937 $339,937 (1) This column represents the aggregate fair value of restricted shares issued to non-employee Directors in 2025 from the Amended and Restated 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Amended 2017 Plan ). The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair market value of the Company s shares of Common Stock on the date of award. These restricted shares vested immediately upon award. SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT STOCK OWNERSHIP INFORMATION Shareholder Engagement We engaged with shareholders representing 59% of our shares outstanding. We also held governance meetings with shareholders representing 47% of our shares outstanding. During these meetings, we discussed topics such as strategy, operations, cybersecurity, compensation policies, and executive succession and planning. Management welcomes the opportunity to engage with our investors who express a desire to visit our corporate offices during the period after quarterly earnings releases when we are not in a quiet period. Communicating with the Board of Directors Shareholders and interested parties may communicate with the Board of Directors by following the procedures outlined on the Company s website at https://investor.expeditors.com/ . Any matter intended for the Board of Directors, or for one or more individual members, should be directed to the Corporate Secretary of the Company at 3545 Factoria Blvd SE, Bellevue, Washington 98006, with a request to forward the same to the intended recipient(s). All shareholder communications delivered to the Corporate Secretary of the Company for forwarding to the Board of Directors or specified members will be forwarded in accordance with the instructions received. Information regarding the submission of comments or complaints relating to the Company s accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters can be found in the Company s Code of Business Conduct on the Company s website at https://investor.expeditors.com. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 15 Information Requests We ask that all requests for corporate information concerning Expeditors operations be submitted in writing. This policy applies equally to securities analysts and current and potential shareholders. Requests can be made to Expeditors International of Washington, Inc., 3545 Factoria Blvd SE, Bellevue, Washington 98006, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, or by email to investor@expeditors.com . Written responses to selected inquiries will be released to the public by a posting on our website at https://investor.expeditors.com/ and by simultaneous filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under Item 7.01 on Form 8-K. Fair Disclosure Any analyst or investor contact, whether by telephone or in person, will be conducted with the understanding that questions directed at ongoing operations will not be discussed. Management will limit responses to discussions of previously disclosed information, including informational discussions directed to the history and operating philosophy of the Company and an understanding of the global logistics industry and its competitive environment. Expeditors will, of course, make public disclosures at other times as required by law, regulation or commercial necessity. Shareholder Proposals In most years, we receive proposals from shareholders regarding various issues that they wish to bring to a shareholder vote. Our policy is to engage directly with those shareholder proponents to discuss their respective proposals to better understand each request and present our thinking with regard to their issue. This is in addition to our long-standing shareholder outreach program, through which we discuss and seek feedback on our corporate governance practices, executive compensation program, disclosure practices, and sustainability programs and goals. In November 2025, Expeditors received a shareholder proposal from John Chevedden ( Chevedden Proposal ). The Chevedden Proposal asked that the Board of Directors take the necessary steps to ensure that directors who fail to obtain a majority vote in a future uncontested [election] shall leave the board as soon as possible but in no case shall such directors serve more than 9-months on the Board after such failed election. Expeditors determined to exclude the Chevedden Proposal from this proxy statement because Expeditors believes it has already substantially implemented the proposal through the Company s Bylaws and Director resignation policy. First, Article IV, Section 2 of the Bylaws provides that in an uncontested election a nominee who does not receive a majority of the votes cast will not be elected. Further, the Bylaws provide that an incumbent Director who is not elected because he or she does not receive a majority vote will continue to serve as a holdover Director until the earliest of: (a) 90 days after the date on which an inspector determines the voting results as to that Director; (b) the date on which the Board of Directors appoints an individual to fill the position held by that Director; or (c) the date of the Director s resignation. Second, under the Company s Director resignation policy, any Director who does not receive a majority vote in an uncontested election will resign immediately. The only essential difference between the existing Bylaws and Director resignation policy and the Chevedden Proposal is that the Chevedden Proposal would provide Directors a longer period of time to remain on the Board following a failed election. This is also discussed under " Majority Vote Standard for Director Elections " on page 43 of this proxy statement. In connection with the Chevedden Proposal, the Company engaged in direct outreach to the proponent. During this engagement, the Company explained that its existing Bylaws and Director resignation policy not only satisfies, but exceeds, the requirements set forth in the Chevedden Proposal and respectfully requested that the Chevedden Proposal be withdrawn. The proponent declined to do so. Following this engagement, Expeditors consulted with its external counsel on this matter and submitted a letter to the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, asserting that it had a reasonable basis to exclude the Proposal from its proxy materials due to the fact that the Proposal had been substantially implemented through the Company s existing Bylaws and director resignation policy. Based on these representations, the staff of the SEC confirmed that it would not recommend enforcement action to the SEC if Expeditors excluded the Chevedden Proposal from its proxy materials on the basis of substantial implementation. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 16 Five Percent Owners of Company Stock The following table sets forth information with respect to all shareholders known by the Company to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of its outstanding Common Stock, based on 134 million shares of Common Stock outstanding at December 31, 2025. Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Percent of Common Stock Outstanding VANGUARD GROUP INC PO Box 2600, V26, Valley Forge, PA 19842-2600 16,593,554 (1) 12.39% BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001 11,872,659 (2) 8.87% STATE STREET CORP State Street Financial Center One Congress Street, Ste 1, Boston, MA 02114-2016 7,714,360 (3) 5.76% (1) The holding shown is as of December 31, 2025, according to Schedule 13F-HR dated January 29, 2026 filed by VANGUARD GROUP INC. With respect to Expeditors' Common Stock, VANGUARD GROUP INC reports that it exercises sole investment discretion over 15,264,064 shares, and exercises sole voting discretion over 66 shares, shared voting discretion over 837,176 shares, and no voting discretion over 15,756,312 shares. (2) The holding shown is as of December 31, 2025, according to Schedule 13F dated December 31, 2025 filed by BlackRock, Inc. With respect to Expeditors' Common Stock, BlackRock reports that it exercises sole investment discretion over 11,872,358 shares, and exercises sole voting discretion over 10,692,584 shares, shared voting power over 0 shares, and no voting power over 1,180,075 shares. (3) The holding shown is as of December 31, 2025, according to Schedule 13F dated February 13, 2026 filed by STATE STREET CORP. With respect to Expeditors' Common Stock, STATE STREET CORP reports that it exercises defined investment discretion over 7,714,360 shares, and exercises sole voting power over 1,110,205 shares, shared voting power over 82,989 shares, and no voting power over 6,521,166 shares. Security Ownership of Directors Executive Officers The following table lists the names and the amount and nature of the beneficial ownership of Common Stock of each Director and nominee, of each of the NEO described in the Summary Compensation Table, and all Directors and Executive Officers as a group at March 10, 2026. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and dispositive powers with respect to the shares shown. DIRECTORS Amount Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Robert P. Carlile 9,045 * Glenn M. Alger (1) 366,932 * James M. DuBois 21,712 * Mark A. Emmert 6,468 * Diane H. Gulyas (2) 23,235 * Brandon S. Pedersen 7,337 * Liane J. Pelletier 38,976 * Olivia D. Polius 7,337 * Daniel R. Wall (3) 73,488 * ADDITIONAL NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Blake R. Bell (4) 66,354 * Kelly K. Blacker (5) 20,747 * David A. Hackett (6) 626 * Roberto A. Martinez (7) 5,256 * Jeffrey S. Musser (8) 145,725 * Bradley S. Powell (9) 17,125 * All Directors Executive Officers as a Group (16 persons) (10) 660,144 * * Less than 1% (1) All shares are held in two trusts for which Mr. Alger and his family maintain voting and dispositive authority. (2) All shares are held in trust for which Ms. Gulyas maintains voting and dispositive authority. (3) Includes 12,956 shares subject to RSU vesting within sixty days. (4) Includes 9,079 shares subject to RSU vesting within sixty days. (5) Includes 6,860 shares subject to RSU vesting within sixty days. (6) Includes 304 shares subject to RSU vesting within sixty days. (7) Includes 2,987 shares subject to RSU vesting within sixty days. (8) Includes 132,305 shares held in trust for which Mr. Musser maintains voting and dispositive authority, 13,018 vested RSU subject to distribution. (9) Includes 10,833 vested RSU subject to distribution. (10) Includes 35,985 shares subject to RSU vesting within sixty days. No Director or Executive Officer has pledged Company stock. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 17 NOMINATING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE REPORT The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is committed to assuring that the Company s Board and Committees are fit for purpose and contribute to the Company s strategy and sustainability, as well as continuing to learn and improve how it governs. Nominating Corporate Governance Committee The committee charter is available at https://investor.expeditors.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents . All members are independent under Exchange Act and NYSE rules. Key Responsibilities : Determine the criteria for Board membership. Lead the search for qualified individuals to become Board members, taking into consideration various criteria including a candidate s contribution to Board diversity including differences in backgrounds, professional experiences, skills, and viewpoints that collectively contribute to effective governance and long-term shareholder value. Recommend the composition of the Board and its Committees. Monitor and evaluate changes in Board members professional status. Monitor Directors' time commitments per the Company s Board policy. Conduct evaluations of Board and Committee effectiveness and identify areas for potential improvement and track their implementation. Maintain the Company s Corporate Governance Principles. Oversee compliance with the Company s Code of Business Conduct (Code of Conduct). Assure Company compliance with policy requiring zero political contributions. Monitor investor engagement, positions, and interests of shareholder base. Assist in evaluating governance-related inquiries and proposals from shareholders. Analyze current and emerging governance trends for impact on the Company. Oversee the focus and frequency of the Company's Materiality Assessments that inform our sustainability strategy and programs, which in turn are embedded in corporate strategy, enterprise risk management, culture, and Board oversight. Oversee certain enterprise risks that are assigned to the Committee by the Board. Monitor Directors' compliance with stock ownership guidelines. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 18 2025 Committee Highlights The following outlines key activities of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee during the four meetings conducted in 2025: Conducted annual Board and Committee evaluations focused on how Directors contribute to the future needs of the Company and identified topics for improvement. Reviewed management s materiality assessment update and contributed to refreshments of the Company s Enterprise Risk Management program. Oversaw Board compliance with several policies including Director overboarding, Director stock ownership, Director retirement, and Code of Conduct training. Oversaw Company risk management activities for topics assigned to the Committee. Engaged with management on governance issues identified by the SEC, other regulators across the globe, key investors, and others of interest to our significant stakeholders. Continued to allow physical, in-person participation by shareholders at the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 19 OUR COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY Sustainability at Expeditors has roots going back to our founding more than 45 years ago, with the Board s oversight of sustainability focused on matters of material importance to the Company s long-term success. Based on a materiality assessment of our sustainability priorities, we have identified issues that tie directly to Company strategy and risk management, which comprise the Board s key focus factors. Those areas of focus are assigned either to the full Board or to one of our standing Committees for deep-dive analyses, some of which are reviewed at each Board meeting, and all of which are reviewed at least once per year. Shareholders are invited to learn more about our sustainability efforts, which are discussed in our Sustainability Report, which is now in its 10 th year of publication: https://www.expeditors.com/about-us/sustainability The factors in focus for the 2025 calendar year included: Business Ethics Guided by the Chief Ethics Compliance Officer, all employees and directors must comply with our Code of Conduct. We regularly update our Code of Conduct and every employee and Director is required to test their understanding of and compliance with the Code of Conduct. We make the Code of Conduct available in nine languages, supported by compliance specialists worldwide. Business Continuity Planning Overseen by the Audit Committee, our Business Continuity Plan ensures that we have processes and procedures to recover while empowering employees to address potential threats to our people, operations or customer assets. The Business Continuity Plan clarifies emergency responsibilities and procedures, as well as pre-established avenues of escalation. Every district maintains a crisis management team and tests emergency response plans. Cybersecurity The full Board oversees the cybersecurity program, supported by an Information Technology Assets and Cybersecurity Policy that sets global protection standards. Multiple formal governance bodies oversee evolving information security and privacy requirements. The Board s cybersecurity oversight is led by James DuBois, former Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and Chief Information Officer (CIO) with the Microsoft Corporation, who communicates with cybersecurity leadership throughout the year. In addition, the Board is provided updates via our Enterprise Risk Management program quarterly, while meeting with the Company s CISO at least annually. The cybersecurity program is led by the CISO, who works closely with the Chief Information Officer to ensure cybersecurity is embedded across the Company s technology footprint. Management handles cybersecurity and related risks through our Enterprise Risk Management Committee, which defines cybersecurity strategy and execution expectations using industry standard frameworks. The Company supplements internal risk management capabilities with third party consultants, auditors, and cybersecurity specialists to support and enhance the program. Data Privacy The full Board oversees the Company s Data Privacy program. Our Data Protection Officer oversees the Company s data privacy policy, which establishes global standards governing the collection, access, use, and processing of personal data. Our Data Protection Officer also collaborates with our data governance teams, cybersecurity teams and senior management to support compliance with evolving privacy requirements across multiple jurisdictions, and to address privacy and data protection compliance requirements globally. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 20 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions and Reductions The Company is committed to systematic efforts to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment and assisting our customers in their efforts to reduce their carbon footprint. The Company complies with environmental laws in every geography in which we operate. We have a focus on GHG emissions regulatory compliance and meeting customer expectations regarding the Company s GHG emissions reduction goals. Focus areas include reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions and preparing for regulatory requirements for Scope 3 reporting. The Company is pleased to report that we not only met, but exceeded, our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions reduction goals that were set three years ago as follows: SCOPE 1 GOAL : 20% reduction in CO 2 e emissions per square foot via usage of electric forklifts. Over the three-year target period, we switched approximately 95% of Company forklifts to electric and the Company significantly exceeded our Scope 1 target with a 31.1% reduction. SCOPE 2 GOAL : 15% reduction in CO 2 e emissions per square foot of all Company owned and leased facilities (both warehouse and office space). The Company exceeded this goal with a Scope 2 reduction of 24.6% over three years. Following on the success of our prior GHG emissions reductions efforts, the Company has set ambitious new science-aligned goals consistent with the Paris Accord (e.g., a 1.5-degree Celsius scenario) with a combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO 2 e emissions reduction goal of 77% by the end of 2035. We continue to offer select customers sustainable trade lane analysis and sustainable fuel programs to meet the interests of our customers in sustainable marine and aviation fuels. Talent Management and Leadership Succession Planning The Board considers this vital to ongoing Company success. The Company s Vision Statement emphasizes the Company s commitment to its employees: To create unlimited opportunities for our people through sustainable growth and strategic focus, inspiring our premier customer-focused logistics organization. Our Workforce is long-tenured and diverse: U.S. Workforce Data : 44% female 56% male 42% racially/ethnically diverse Non-U.S. Workforce Data : 45% female 55% male Our 128 district offices outside the U.S. hire primarily from local labor markets. The Company s latest EEO-1 Report attached as Appendix A Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 21 Employee Engagement Employees are supported through initiatives such as the Company s Elevate Employee Engagement program. The Company ensures that employees are provided opportunities for strong community engagement, including offering all employees in the United States and Canada a paid community volunteer day. Employee engagement goes hand in hand with our social responsibility commitment throughout our global organization. Our employees are encouraged to lead grassroots efforts to support local community fundraising causes; participate as teams in races and events; and organize food, toy, and blood drives. These activities strengthen employee engagement while supporting the communities where we live and work by reinforcing shared values of service, collaboration, and care. Please find out more about all Sustainability efforts at the Company at https://www.expeditors.com/about-us/sustainability . Nominating Corporate Governance Committee: Liane Pelletier, Chair Mark Emmert Diane Gulyas Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 22 PROPOSAL NO. 2: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION The Board of Directors has elected to submit a non-binding vote on compensation, a so-called "Say-on-Pay" vote, to shareholders on an annual basis. We value our shareholders views on Named Executive Officer (NEO) compensation and our incentive compensation programs. We continue to extend outreach and regularly engage with those representing over half of the outstanding shares to understand their perspectives on our Company performance, including our compensation programs. The fundamentals of our compensation programs are unchanged from prior years and are performing as designed. Shareholders supported our advisory vote on NEO compensation by an average of 88% over the past five years by voting FOR our Say-on-Pay. We are asking for your non-binding advisory vote on the following resolution, as required pursuant to section 14A of the Exchange Act: Resolved : That shareholders approve the compensation of the NEO, as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion Analysis, the compensation tables, and the related narrative executive compensation disclosures contained in this proxy statement. We encourage you to read the Compensation Committee Report, including Compensation Discussion and Analysis, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and other related compensation tables and narrative to learn about our executive compensation programs and policies. Oversight of Our Executive Compensation Plans Each element of our executive compensation program is administered and actively managed by the Board of Directors and/ or Compensation Committee. Our executive compensation program is directly linked to the Company s performance. This is accomplished using the following elements: Set each executive s annual base salary significantly below market at $100,000. This keeps the amount of fixed pay very low and increases the amount of pay for performance. Set an appropriate balance of cash and equity compensation for each NEO. The Compensation Committee reviews the balance of cash and equity compensation annually and believes the current mix drives growth in key financial performance measures, including net revenue, operating income and EPS, over both the short and long term. Each component emphasizes the importance of exceptional customer service and performance, which is required to maintain and grow our business and make appropriate investments in our long-term growth strategies. Set each executive s allocation percentage of the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan at time of promotion. 100% of pay under this plan is directly tied to our Company s performance. Amounts paid will increase or decrease based on operating income, a key financial measurement of our Company financial performance. Amounts paid under this plan cannot be increased on a discretionary basis. For example, the Compensation Committee would not increase an executive s allocation percentage during a period of poor financial performance. On the contrary, the Compensation Committee has decreased an executive's allocation percentage or payout as described below. Set challenging PSU performance targets. PSU awards will only vest if the Company achieves 3-year performance targets for net revenue and EPS. Executives will only be paid if the Company achieves the performance targets. The base salary of each Executive is reviewed and approved annually. The Board of Directors purposely set Executive annual base salaries at $100,000 which is well below market. The Board believes that the vast majority of an Executive s compensation needs to be at-risk variable compensation linked directly to the performance of the Company. If our Company s performance is negatively impacted for whatever reason, including events outside or within management s control, our Executives will bear this risk and take the largest reduction in compensation. This is particularly important because, as a service-based company, our most important asset is our global network of more than 20,000 employees. Maintaining and cultivating this group of talented employees, even during a market down-turn, enables us to provide exceptional service and superior financial results over the long term. This philosophy is foundational to our culture and is a fundamental tenet of our compensation plan. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 23 A significant amount of an Executive s compensation is earned under our 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. This plan is directly linked to our Company s performance as the amount of incentive compensation is based on U.S. GAAP operating income. The Compensation Committee assigns an allocation percentage to the Executive when they are hired or promoted into an executive position based on their duties and responsibilities. At the beginning of each quarter, the Compensation Committee reviews, considers adjustments, and approves the percentage allocation assigned to each Executive. Once the quarter has ended and after management has completed their financial close procedures, the Compensation Committee once again reviews, considers reductions in payouts, and approves the payouts to each Executive. Since the beginning of 2021, the Compensation Committee has effectively reduced the overall allocation percentages to NEOs by 40% and has not increased the allocation to any executive position: 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Chief Executive Officer 4.7% 4.5% 4.5% 4.5% 3.2% President - Global Business Development 3.5% 3.3% 2.9% 2.0% 2.0% President - Global Products 3.1% 2.9% 2.0% 2.0% 1.7% President - Global Geographies 3.1% 2.9% 2.9% 2.9% 2.0% Chief Financial Officer 3.5% 3.3% 3.3% 3.3% 1.9% Total Allocation 17.9% 16.9% 15.6% 14.7% 10.8% Additionally, RSU and PSU awards to Executives are determined by the Compensation Committee each year in May. Many different factors are used to determine the award amount to each Executive including Company and individual performance. As employees are added to the Executive team, the Compensation Committee has lowered cash compensation from the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan and increased RSU and PSU awards. Historically, the amount of equity compensation as a percentage of total compensation was targeted between 20% and 30%. Starting with the promotions of Blake Bell and Kelly Blacker to President positions, the Compensation Committee is now targeting 40% to 50%. PSU performance targets for Net Revenue and EPS are determined by the Compensation Committee each year in May. The Compensation Committee believes in setting aggressive incentive goals that challenge Executives to perform at a high level. Based on the Company s performance in 2025, Executives vested in 190% of the 2023 PSU awards as the EPS target was achieved at the maximum level and the Net revenue target achieved was well above the target threshold. Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits to each Executive are limited to just a $3,000 matching contribution to their 401K savings plan. This same matching contribution is available to all U.S. employees that participate in the 401K savings plan. The Board of Directors believe that any other perquisites the Executive may desire should be purchased by them directly at their own expense, not that of the Company s. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 24 Compensation: What We Do and Don't Do What We Do What We Don't Do Pay decisions are made by independent Directors; the Committees and the full Board meet regularly in executive session without management present No guaranteed bonuses Pay for performance (over 80% of CEO pay is 'at risk' and directly linked to performance) No pay disconnected from performance (excluding modest base salaries) Focus on multiple performance metrics No perquisites Increase the NEO allocation of the Executive Incentive Compensation pool at time of promotion No arbitrary increases to the NEO allocation of the Executive Incentive Compensation pool Reduce the NEO allocation of the Executive Incentive Compensation Pool over time No supplemental pension benefits Limit the NEO allocation of the Executive Incentive Compensation Pool to preset allocation percentages No repricing of underwater options Strictly tie NEO Executive Incentive Compensation to U.S. GAAP operating income No hedging or pledging of Company shares allowed by employees or the Board of Directors Payouts to NEO and other Senior Executives from the Executive Incentive Compensation Pool are reduced by 5% if operating income does not grow by more than 5% No tax gross-ups paid on severance benefits Double trigger vesting of unvested equity upon a change in control Work with an independent compensation consultant Align with shareholders through PSU and RSU awards Maintain executive and outside Director share ownership guidelines Incentive compensation is subject to clawback policy Seek shareholder approval for NEO compensation agreements that provide termination benefits in excess of 2.99 times base salary plus target short-term bonus Engage shareholders on compensation matters Effect of Proposal The Say-on-Pay proposal is non-binding on the Board of Directors. The approval or disapproval of this proposal by shareholders will not require the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee to take any action regarding NEO compensation. The final decision on NEO compensation remains with the Board of Directors and/or its Compensation Committee. Although non-binding, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee will review and consider the voting results when making future decisions regarding NEO compensation. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR this proposal. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 25 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) describes the Company s executive compensation program in 2025. This CD A explains how the Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors made its compensation decisions for the Company s executives, including the following NEO: Daniel R. Wall, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey S. Musser, President and Chief Executive Officer (retired March 31, 2025) Blake R. Bell, President - Global Business Development Kelly K. Blacker, President - Global Geographies Roberto A. Martinez, President - Global Products David A. Hackett, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (retired September 30, 2025) Our Compensation Philosophy Our Company is committed to a strong pay-for-performance compensation philosophy that is a foundational characteristic of our Company s culture. While we have implemented changes to our CEO and other NEO compensation over the years, the core compensation structure, which has been in place since the Company became publicly traded, is responsible for differentiating the Company s performance from that of many of our competitors. The objective of our core compensation program is to enhance shareholder value over the long term by: encouraging each manager to think and act as an owner and entrepreneur. establishing compensation levels that are not perceived as arbitrary. providing financial rewards that are team-oriented and reflect achieved performance. aligning the interests of the individual employee with the goals of the Company and returns to our shareholders. Our core compensation programs directly serve the interests of our Company and its stakeholders through: Supporting a culture that results in low turnover and long-tenured employees who look to make a career at Expeditors. Low turnover substantially reduces our cost to recruit and train new hires. Long-tenured employees and managers provide a strong and growing bench strength. This is evidenced by the long tenure of our top managers: our NEO average tenure with the Company is 29 years. Rewarding management for achieved performance. Our core 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan will deliver compensation only if we have positive operating income. The level of incentive compensation paid is directly tied to performance. Future increases in incentive compensation payouts are dependent upon management s ability to increase our net revenues, operating income, and EPS year over year. PSU awards will only vest if management achieves aggressive incentive goals for growing net revenue and EPS over a three-year period. Increasing value over the long term. Our emphasis on net revenue, operating income, EPS and equity participation in the design of our compensation programs is due to their strong correlation to growing enterprise value. For example, during the 10-year time period ended December 31, 2025, annual operating income has increased from $670 million to $1,053 million, and annual earnings per share has increased from $2.36 to $5.95. Our focus on cash management has allowed us to increase our dividend per-share payment to shareholders each year for over 25 years and reduce the number of outstanding shares from 213 million in 2006 to 134 million shares at the end of 2025 through share repurchases. The Board believes that the vast majority of an Executive s compensation needs to be at-risk variable compensation linked directly to the performance of the Company. If our Company s performance is negatively impacted for whatever reason, including events outside or within management s control, our Executives will bear this risk and take the largest reduction in compensation. This is particularly important because, as a service-based company, our most important asset is our global network of approximately 20,000 employees. Maintaining and cultivating this group of talented employees, even during a market downturn, enables us to provide exceptional service and superior financial results over the long term. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 26 Base Salaries Throughout our history, we have followed a policy of offering our management employees a compensation package that is heavily weighted toward incentive-based compensation. To emphasize at-risk variable pay, we have customarily set annual base salaries of our NEO and other top managers well below competitive market levels. 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan The 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan is a primary component of our compensation program and is administered and actively managed by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The core elements of the Plan have been in place since 1985 and its unique design incentivizes our management team to continually increase our operating income, which in turn drives long-term shareholder value. The 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan is designed to drive superior financial results and is effective because of its simplicity, transparency, and focus on a key operating metric. Operating income captures many elements of managing a healthy business, including: growing and maintaining profitable business. gaining new customers. improving customer satisfaction. managing carriers and service provider relationships and costs. increasing employee satisfaction and retention. controlling expenses. To be successful, management must optimize the multiple elements of a full income statement, culminating with operating income. This metric is comprehensive, simple, objective and easily understood. It drives both short- and long-term growth and efficiency, and creates a prudent and entrepreneurial environment. We remain committed to our focus on operating income and our view that this broad-based metric is a key driver of shareholder value over the long-term. Our use of U.S. GAAP operating income rewards management for delivering profitable results. We use U.S. GAAP operating income because we believe that management must be held accountable for our results regardless of external market forces that may adversely affect the level of bonus payouts. Our 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan creates a culture of shared economic interests among our top managers and ensures a universal and daily focus on the achievement of superior financial results. Equally important, our focus on continual improvement in operating income drives long-term shareholder value creation. Key Terms of the Plan: The Incentive Pool In addition to our below-market base salaries, the total incentive cash compensation available to all senior executive management participating in the Incentive Pool, including all NEOs, is limited to 10% of pre-bonus operating income. Individual amounts earned under this plan are determined by participation percentages set by the Compensation Committee at the time of promotion. As a result, incentive compensation to the CEO and to each NEO rises and falls in conjunction with our level of operating income. Executive incentive compensation is directly and inextricably tied to performance. Eligibility for the Incentive Pool At the beginning of each quarter, the Compensation Committee determines which executive officers and other key managers are eligible to participate in the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. For each quarter, the Committee reviewed and approved each NEO and every member of senior executive management participation in the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 27 Funding the Incentive Pool Company performance funds an Incentive Pool with up to 10% of our U.S. GAAP operating income before bonus. The Compensation Committee believes that setting the Incentive Pool at a fixed percentage of operating income with fluctuations in the amounts paid directly linked to actual changes in operating income, aligns both the short- and long-term interests of employees and shareholders. The Company has never incurred an annual or quarterly operating loss since going public in September 1984. Nonetheless, we maintain the following stringent policies in the event that we should incur no or negative operating income for a quarter: No incentive payments will be made for a quarter in which we have an operating loss. Any cumulative operating losses must be made up by future operating income before we would again start funding the Incentive Pool for incentive payments. For example, if we incurred a $5 million operating loss in the first quarter of a fiscal year, no incentive payments would be made for that quarter. If operating income in the second and third quarter of such fiscal year equaled, in the aggregate, $5 million, we would still make no incentive payments for those quarters. However, in the fourth quarter, if quarterly operating income was positive, the Incentive Pool would be funded and incentive payments would be made to eligible executives. The foregoing policy also would apply if operating income, in years that have previously been audited and reported, were to be subsequently adjusted downward. In that situation, no payments under the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan would be due until future operating income results exceed the amount of the downward adjustment. However, no additional payments would be due if such adjustments increased previously reported fiscal year operating income. We believe this policy protects shareholder interests while strongly incentivizing our management team to maintain and increase positive operating income every fiscal quarter. Allocation of the Incentive Pool The Compensation Committee considers various factors when establishing each participant's allocable share of the Incentive Pool, including: The executive s role and responsibilities within the Company generally, those executives in the most senior positions are allocated a greater portion of the Incentive Pool than those serving in less senior positions; The contribution of the executive in increasing corporate profits and shareholder value; An executive s promotion during the fiscal year; and The executive s tenure with the Company. For our most senior executive managers, their allocable percentage of the Incentive Pool is likely to decline over time to accommodate additional investments in new areas of growth and personnel. Since the beginning of 2021, the Compensation Committee has effectively reduced the overall allocation percentages to NEOs by 40%. The Committee did not increase the allocation to any executive position. The table below shows the percentage of the Incentive Pool allocated to each NEO position at year-end. 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Chief Executive Officer 4.7% 4.5% 4.5% 4.5% 3.2% President - Global Business Development 3.5% 3.3% 2.9% 2.0% 2.0% President - Global Products 3.1% 2.9% 2.0% 2.0% 1.7% President - Global Geographies 3.1% 2.9% 2.9% 2.9% 2.0% Chief Financial Officer 3.5% 3.3% 3.3% 3.3% 1.9% Total Allocation 17.9% 16.9% 15.6% 14.7% 10.8% Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 28 Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, the following changes in allocation were made: The President CEO position was reduced by 28% when Daniel Wall moved into the role; the President, Global Geographies position was reduced by 40% when Kelly Blacker moved into the role; the President, Global Products position was reduced by 13% when Roberto Martinez was promoted into the role; and the SVP Chief Financial Officer position was reduced by more than 40% when David Hackett moved into the role. Determining Payouts Under the Incentive Pool Payouts under the Plan were determined by multiplying the Incentive Pool by each participant s allocable portion of the Incentive Pool. For each quarter of fiscal years 2021-2025, we had positive operating income, which resulted in the funding of the Incentive Pool. 5% Growth Performance Requirement The Compensation Committee established a practice that a minimum of 5% growth in operating income over the comparable prior-year quarter is required to earn full payout of the incentive payment. That 5% minimum growth requirement was put in place for the CEO in 2017, and for all NEO and senior executives in 2020. Compensation for NEO and senior executives was reduced by 5% for all periods that did not meet the growth criteria since the requirement was adopted, including the third and fourth quarters of 2025. The Executive Incentive Compensation Plan does not include a minimum (floor) or maximum (cap) level of compensation. It is designed to be 100% variable at risk compensation based on U.S. GAAP operating income performance. As this plan is directly tied to Company performance, the payouts under this plan can range from zero-to-unlimited depending on the amount of operating profit. The Compensation Committee does not believe it is in the best interest of shareholders to set a floor or a cap on payouts to executives under this plan. As described above, the Compensation Committee actively manage all elements of this plan, including allocation percentages assigned and payouts to each executive officer. The Compensation Committee believes this high level of independent oversight is appropriate to assure shareholders that compensation levels and associated risks are appropriate. Determination of NEO RSU Grants The Compensation Committee considered various factors in determining the amount of each RSU grant to NEOs for 2025, including: Executive officer performance during the past 12 months, including noteworthy accomplishments; Targeted NEO equity-to-overall compensation ratio; Tenure with the Company; Current position and responsibilities; and Amount of grant relative to peers within the Company. RSU grants vest 1/3 on each successive one-year anniversary of the grant date. PSU Grants to CEO and Senior Executive Management To further align NEO and senior executive management long-term incentive compensation with shareholders interests and focus on long-term performance, the Compensation Committee grants performance share units (PSU) subject to vesting only if 3-year performance goals were achieved for Net Revenues and EPS, weighted 25% and 75% respectively. The PSU are awarded in May each year under the Amended and Restated 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Amended 2017 Plan) that was approved by shareholders. PSU incentive goals are established by the Compensation Committee with the intent that performance in-line with our operating plans should result in a payout that is approximately at target. In order to achieve the maximum goals, performance would have to exceed our operating plans to a significant degree. Threshold performance goals were set at a level that was meant to be attainable and below which the Company could not justify a vesting. In evaluating the difficulty of our target performance goals, the Compensation Committee believes these goals are challenging. As disclosed in our Annual Report to Shareholders in Form 10-K, the Company has a policy against issuing financial forecasts or projections or confirming the accuracy of forecasts or projections issued by others. In accordance with this long-standing policy, we do not disclose PSU targets that vest in the future. 2023 PSU Performance Criteria Discussion The performance period of 2023 PSU awards to NEO and to senior executive management was January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. In setting targets for the 2023 PSU in May 2023, the Compensation Committee considered a number Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 29 of factors, including the Company s past performance; current strategies and initiatives; estimated share repurchases; expected macro-economic forces; and global trade expectations. Following the end of the performance period, the Compensation Committee considers the Company s actual performance compared to targets, including the effect of any significant items during the performance period in making its final determination. The final number of shares earned by NEO is shown in the table below. PSU Performance Criteria Weighting Threshold Target Maximum Actual Percent of PSU Earned: 50% 100% 200% 190% Cumulative EPS Growth: 75% $3.65 $4.56 $5.47 $5.95 Net Revenues Growth (in millions): 25% $2,614 $3,268 $3,921 $3,667 PSU Awarded and Actual Vested: (1) 17,067 34,134 68,268 67,271 (1) Actual PSU awarded includes 2,327 dividend equivalents earned since the grant date. RSU PSU Vesting and Retirement Eligibility RSU grants vest 1/3 on each successive one-year anniversary of the grant date. PSU grants vest only if performance goals are achieved for net revenue and EPS growth in the second calendar year after grant. The RSU and PSU awards under the Amended 2017 Plan include a dividend equivalent that vests commensurately with the underlying award. In addition, senior executive management who have either (i) attained the age of 55 and completed at least 10 years of continuous service, or (ii) completed at least 30 years of continuous service are deemed "retirement eligible." All NEOs are retirement-eligible, except for Mr. Hackett and Mr. Martinez. Upon the retirement, death or disability of a retirement-eligible senior executive manager, RSU grants vest immediately and PSU grants will vest at the end of the applicable performance period. See Potential Payments upon Termination Change in Control for a description of the treatment of RSU and PSU awards upon an involuntary termination with cause and without cause and a voluntary termination for good reason. Perquisites Other Personal Benefits The Company provides no perquisites or personal benefits to our NEOs that are not available to all employees. The Company provides standard benefits packages to all employees that vary by country, based on individual country regulations. Further, the Company does not provide tax gross-ups on change in control severance benefits or any other type of benefit. Risk Compensation Clawback Recovery Because the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan is based on cumulative operating income, any operating losses that are incurred must be recovered from future operating income before any amounts would be due to participants. Since a significant portion of executive compensation comes from the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, the Company believes that this cumulative feature is a disincentive to excessive risk taking by its senior executive managers. No one individual has the authority to commit the Company to excessive risk taking. Due to the nature of the Company s services, its business transactions have a short operating cycle. The outcome of any higher-risk transactions, such as overriding established credit limits, would be known in a relatively short time frame. Management believes that when the potential impact on the bonus is considered in light of this short operating cycle, the potential for chasing short-term gains that might be generated by higher-risk business practices is sufficiently mitigated. Management believes that both the stability and the long-term growth in operating income and net earnings the Company has experienced over the years are a result of the incentives and recovery mechanism inherent in the Company s compensation programs. Awards under the 2017 Plan (including any shares subject to an Award) are subject to any Company policy providing for recovery, recoupment, clawback and/or other forfeiture. In addition, the Company's "Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy" related to financial restatements includes not just the CEO and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), but all members of senior executive management. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 30 Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy In November 2023, our Board adopted an Incentive Compensation Recovery policy, which amended the Company s previous clawback policy, and complies with recently enacted SEC rules and NYSE listing standards. The policy requires the Company to recoup incentive-based compensation from our NEOs and senior executives in the event the Company issues a restatement of its financial statements, to the extent such incentive-based compensation received by the individual exceeds the amount the individual would have received based on the restated financial statements. Incentive compensation may also be recouped from certain other employees of the Company under these circumstances under the policy if deemed appropriate by the Compensation Committee. Role of the Compensation Committee, Management Consultants Compensation decisions, other than compensation and equity grant determinations for the CEO, are made in consultation with the CEO. Compensation decisions for the CEO are made by our Compensation Committee and approved by our full Board. With respect to the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, the CEO recommends allocation percentages for all participating executive officers, which must be reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee. The Board believes in overall total compensation targets that are consistent with the underlying compensation philosophy of the Company. The Company recognizes that because it operates in the highly competitive global logistics services industry, the quality of its service depends upon the quality of the executives and other employees it is able to attract and retain. In order to succeed, the Company believes that it must be able to attract and retain qualified executives and employees. The Compensation Committee considers the competitiveness of the entire compensation package of an executive officer relative to that paid by similar companies when evaluating the adequacy of base salaries, the percentage allocations of the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan and equity grants. The Company s objective is to offer a total compensation package, which gives the executive officer the opportunity to be rewarded at a level believed to be superior to that offered by the Company s competitors in the global logistics services industry. The Company believes that the opportunity for achieving superior levels of compensation is predicated on achieving sustained, long-term profitable results that are superior to those of its competitors. The Compensation Committee used benchmark data on a limited basis to review base salaries and other compensation information and practices disclosed by certain U.S. publicly traded companies in the logistics and transportation industry. The benchmark data has confirmed that the Company s compensation packages offered to executives are competitive and give executives appropriate incentives to retain and gain profitable customers and grow the Company s services. Benchmark data was derived from proxy statements filed by Alaska Air Group, Inc., CH Robinson Worldwide, Inc., CSX Corp., Expedia Group, Inc., GXO Logistics, Inc., JB Hunt Transport Services, Inc., Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings, Inc., Norfolk Southern Corp., Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc., Ryder System, Inc., Schneider National, Inc., TFI International, Inc., Union Pacific Corp., and XPO Logistics. While these companies vary in size in terms of revenue, the Compensation Committee believes the benchmark data derived from this group of companies is useful for the limited comparisons described above. Since 2016, the Compensation Committee has engaged Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC (Meridian) to provide advice on executive and Director compensation matters. The Compensation Committee has assessed the independence of Meridian pursuant to SEC and NYSE rules and determined that no conflict of interest exists that would prevent Meridian from providing independent and objective advice to the Compensation Committee. Meridian has provided consulting services only as directed by the Compensation Committee. Meridian reports directly to the Compensation Committee and does not provide any other services to the Company. Employment Agreements The Company has entered into employment agreements with each NEO. Each employment agreement is automatically renewable upon expiration for additional one-year periods unless either party elects otherwise. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 31 Executive Stock Ownership Policy The Company maintains executive stock ownership guidelines which are governed by the Compensation Committee. These stock ownership guidelines are applicable to our NEOs and certain other senior management holding a title of Senior Vice President or above. These guidelines are designed to increase executives equity stakes in the Company and to further align executives interests with those of shareholders. The guidelines require covered executives to own shares of the Company s Common Stock sufficient to satisfy the amount specified below as a multiple of the executive s annual base salary: Guidelines Chief Executive Officer 60 x Base Salary $6,000,000 President, Executive Vice President, or Chief Financial Officer 20 x Base Salary $2,000,000 Senior Vice President 10 x Base Salary $1,000,000 Executives in the positions above need to achieve the corresponding ownership target within five years of the earlier of promotion to the position or the policy revision date. This policy, revised by the Board of Directors in November 2023, excludes stock option and PSU grants in the ownership calculation and includes RSU grants. Further, each Executive in the positions above must hold at least 50% of the guideline amount in Company s Common Stock. As of December 31, 2025, all of our NEO are in compliance with these ownership guidelines. All executives must hold 75% of the net after-tax shares received upon vesting of any PSU and RSU until their respective stock ownership guidelines are achieved. Insider Trading Policy The Company s Insider Trading Policy prohibits its Board of Directors and employees from hedging or pledging their ownership of Company stock, including trading in publicly traded options, puts, calls or other derivative instruments related to Company stock. The Insider Trading Policy has been reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards of the NYSE. A copy of the policy has been incorporated by reference as Exhibit 19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. All transactions by the Company in its stock, such as pursuant to its Discretionary Stock Repurchase Plan, are conducted during open trading windows or in compliance with the SEC's Rule 10b5-1. Other Retirement or Disability Payments Other than for RSU and PSU awards, the Company has no formal obligations to make any payments to any executive officer upon his or her death, disability or retirement except to senior executive management domiciled in countries where statutory regulations require that these benefits be provided to all employees. The Board will seek shareholder approval of any executive s new or renewed pay package that provides for severance or termination payments with an estimated value exceeding 2.99 times the sum of the executive s base salary plus target short-term non-equity incentive plan compensation. Severance or termination payments include cash, equity or other pay that is paid out or vests due to a senior executive s termination for any reason. Payments include those provided under employment agreements, severance plans, and change-in-control clauses in long-term equity plans, but not life insurance, pension benefits, or deferred pay earned and vested prior to termination. Estimated total value includes lump-sum payments, payments offsetting tax liabilities, perquisites or benefits not vested under a plan generally available to management employees, post-employment consulting fees or office expense and equity awards if vesting is accelerated, or a performance condition waived, due to termination. While there is no legal or contractual obligation to do so, the Company has, on occasion, accelerated the vesting of any unvested RSU grants of employees who pass away. Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Committee believes in simple, easy to understand executive incentive compensation plans that are directly aligned with Company performance and focus management on enhancing the long-term value of the Company. The Compensation Committee Charter is available on our website https://investor.expeditors.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents . Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 32 Compensation Committee All members of the Compensation Committee are independent according to rules of the Exchange Act and The New York Stock Exchange. The Compensation Committee met four times in 2025. Compensation Committee Interlocks Insider Participation No member of the Committee is or has been an officer or employee of the Company and none had any interlocking relationship with any other entities or of the type that would be required to be disclosed in this Proxy Statement. Key Responsibilities : Administer and actively manage each element of the executive compensation program. Annually review and approve corporate goals and objectives relevant to CEO compensation, annually evaluate CEO performance in light of those goals and objectives, and recommend CEO compensation based on that evaluation. Approve compensation of all non-CEO executive officers. Approve the annual and long-term performance goals for the Company s incentive plans, including targets in PSU awards. Ensure that incentive compensation programs are consistent with the Company s annual and long-term performance objectives and do not encourage unnecessary or excessive risk taking. Review and recommend base salary, participation level in the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan and equity grants to the CEO, other NEO and senior executive management, subject to approval by the Board. Review and recommend compensation of non-management Directors. Oversee enterprise risks assigned to Committee by the Board. The Compensation Committee believes that the compensation for the CEO and other NEO are consistent with its philosophy, incentive compensation plans and the objectives described above. The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based on such review and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement. Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors: Mark Emmert, Chair Diane Gulyas Brandon Pedersen Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 33 Summary Compensation Table for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 20 25 The table below summarizes the total compensation earned by each NEO for each of the years shown. The Company has entered into employment and indemnification agreements with all of the NEOs. The NEOs were not entitled to receive payments that would be characterized as Bonus payments for the years shown. Amounts listed under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation were determined based on percentages of the Incentive Pool that were allocated to each NEO by the Compensation Committee under the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan based on the factors described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis contained herein. Base salaries for the NEO accounted for less than 3% of their total compensation, except for newly appointed NEO, and at-risk compensation accounted for 68% or more of their total compensation in 2025. Benefits accounted for less than 1% of the total compensation of NEO. The following table sets out the type and amount of compensation paid to each NEO for the years ended December 31: Name Position Year Salary Stock Awards (1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation All Other Compensation (2) Total Daniel R. Wall (3) 2025 $100,000 5,940,134 3,600,729 3,000 $9,643,863 President Chief 2024 $100,000 1,169,912 3,319,233 3,000 $4,592,145 Executive Officer - formerly President Global Services 2023 $100,000 1,169,996 2,907,495 3,000 $4,180,491 Jeffrey S. Musser (4) 2025 $25,000 - 1,326,281 3,000 $1,354,281 Former President Chief 2024 $100,000 2,895,480 5,085,411 3,000 $8,083,891 Executive Officer 2023 $100,000 2,895,774 4,454,587 3,000 $7,453,361 Blake R. Bell 2025 $100,000 1,973,674 2,228,519 8,000 $4,310,193 President Global 2024 $100,000 1,973,752 2,215,023 3,000 $4,291,775 Business Development 2023 $100,000 1,975,132 1,758,141 3,000 $3,836,273 Kelly K. Blacker (5) 2025 $100,000 1,973,674 2,228,519 3,000 $4,305,193 President Global 2024 $100,000 1,973,752 2,215,023 3,000 $4,291,775 Geographies 2023 Roberto A. Martinez (6) 2025 $100,000 1,200,258 1,730,695 3,000 $3,033,953 President Global Products 2024 2023 David A. Hackett (7) 2025 $100,000 49,692 1,125,217 3,000 $1,277,909 Senior Vice President 2024 Chief Financial Officer 2023 Bradley S. Powell (8) 2025 $75,000 1,169,678 2,888,485 108,000 $4,241,163 Former Senior Vice President 2024 $100,000 1,169,912 3,740,295 3,000 $5,013,207 Chief Financial Officer 2023 $100,000 1,169,996 3,276,327 3,000 $4,549,323 (1) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of RSU and PSU awards at target. RSU will vest annually over three years after the grant date or upon retirement, if the NEO is retirement-eligible. All NEO except Roberto A. Martinez and David A. Hackett are retirement-eligible. The PSU value is based upon the probable outcome, as estimated at the grant date, of achieving the performance metrics at target at the end of the three-year performance period. (2) Represents the Company s matching contributions, up to a maximum annual Company contribution of $3,000, under an employee savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Code. (3) Mr. Wall served as President - Global Services during fiscal years 2023 and was President - Global Geographies and Operations, starting in January 2024 and until he was appointed President Chief Executive Officer effective April 1, 2025. Compensation shown for all years reflects amounts earned in his respective roles. (4) Mr. Musser served as President Chief Executive Officer until March 31, 2025. Compensation shown for 2025 reflects amounts earned through his retirement date. Mr. Musser did not receive any severance or post-employment payments. (5) Ms. Blacker was not a NEO of the Company in 2023. (6) Mr. Martinez was not an NEO of the Company in 2023 and 2024. (7) Mr. Hackett was appointed Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer effective October 1, 2025. Compensation shown for 2025 reflects amounts earned for the full year in his respective roles. Mr. Hackett was not an NEO in prior years; therefore, no compensation is reported for 2023 or 2024. (8) Mr. Powell served as Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer until September 30, 2025. Compensation shown for 2025 reflects amounts earned through his retirement date. Other compensation includes $100,000 received for a non-compete provision under his employment agreement. Mr. Powell did not receive or is not entitled to receive any termination or post-employment payments other than those disclosed under this table. Notice of Annual Meeting Proxy Statement | 34 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table The following table sets forth certain information regarding awards granted to each NEO during the year ended December 31, 2025: Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2) Name Grant Date of Equity Awards Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum All Other Stock Awards Closing Price on Grant Date Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards Daniel R. Wall (4) 5/6/2025 $3,600,729 13,986 27,972 55,944 $106.18 $2,970,067 5/6/2025 27,972 $106.18 $2,970,067 Jeffrey S. Musser (5) 5/6/2025 $1,326,281 5/6/2025 Blake R. Bell 5/6/2025 $2,228,519 4,647 9,294 18,588 $106.18 $986,837 5/6/2025 9,294 $106.18 $986,837 Kelly K. Blacker 5/6/2025 $2,228,519 4,647 9,294 18,588 $106.18 $986,837 5/6/2025 9,294 $106.18 $986,837 Roberto A. Martinez (6) 5/6/2025 $1,730,695 2,826 5,652 11,304 $106.18 $600,129 5/6/2025 5,652 $106.18 $600,129 David A Hackett (7) 5/6/2025 $1,125,217 5/6/2025 468 $49,692 Bradley S. Powell (8) 5/6/2025 $2,888,485 2,754 5,508 11,016 $106.18 $584,839 5/6/2025 5,508 $106.18 $584,839 (1) The total amount available to executive officers and key employees participating in the 2008 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, including all NEO, is limited to 10% of pre-bonus operating income. Individual amounts earned under this plan are determined by the Compensation Committee based on allocation percentages and any potential downward adjustments implemented by the Compensation Committee. The Company does not use thresholds or targets or maximums in determining levels of compensation under this plan. (2) PSU grants are made by the Compensation Committee pursuant to the Company s Amended 2017 Plan. The final number of PSU are determined using an adjustment factor of between half and two times the target PSU amount, depending on the degree of achievement above threshold of the designated net revenue and earnings per share performance targets in the year ended December 31, 2027. If the minimum performance thresholds are not achieved, no shares will be issued. Each PSU vests at the end of the performance period and will convert to one share of the Company's Common Stock within 73 days after the end of the performance period. (3) RSU grants are made by 