=== EXPD_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A – RI SK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. Industry Risks The current volatile international trade environment as a result of intergovernmental disputes, trade actions, increased tariffs and other geo-political risks may adversely impact our business and operating results. The United States has undertaken a substantial global tariff rebalancing effort, resulting in higher tariffs on imports, including significantly higher tariffs on goods made in China and sectoral tariffs on a range of materials and products. These measures led to threatened or actual retaliatory tariffs on goods made in the United States from several countries, including China and Canada. This created an unpredictable trade environment for shippers to determine if and how to adapt their sourcing patterns given these new and fast-changing regulations. If these conditions result in a significant, short-term or longer-term, decrease or redistribution of international trade volumes, it could negatively affect our business volumes and revenues. Expeditors' activity is particularly exposed to trade volume impacts from trade actions and tariff disputes between China and the United States, as we generated 19% and 22% of our revenues and 15% and 17% of our operating income in 2025 and 2024, respectively, on exports from China and Hong Kong. Uncertainty and changes to trade volumes could also affect air and ocean freight carriers because they may adjust capacity and transportation schedules, which could result in volatility in available capacity, and average sell and buy rates, all of which could adversely impact our operations and financial results. While some of those volumes are shifting to other routes, as customers look to mitigate their exposure to China-specific tariffs, it is too early to know what the overall decline in volumes might be. Many of our customers are subject to the increased tariffs and may experience increased costs of conducting business. This could result in a loss of business, bad debt or increased expenses in the future if our customers were to abandon cargo, enter into bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, or their ability to pay deteriorates. Additionally, the increased complexity of trade regulations and customs declaration processes challenges our ability to be in compliance with such ever-changing regulations and may require us to dedicate additional resources to our customs brokerage operations. 18 . Any reduction in international commerce or disruption in global trade may adversely impact our business and operating results. Expeditors primarily provides services to customers engaged in international commerce. Everything that affects international trade has the potential to expand or contract our primary markets and adversely impact our operating results. For example, international trade is influenced by: • currency exchange rates and currency control regulations; • interest rate fluctuations; • changes and uncertainties in governmental policies and inter-governmental disputes, which could result in increased tariff rates, quota restrictions, trade barriers and other types of restrictions; • changes in and application of customs, trade and security regulations; • wars, strikes, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, and other conflicts; • changes in labor and other costs, including the impacts of inflation; • increased global concerns regarding working conditions and environmental sustainability; • changes in consumer attitudes regarding goods made in countries other than their own; • changes in availability of credit; and • changes in the price and readily available quantities of oil and other petroleum-related products. Our industry is highly competitive, and failure to compete or respond to customer requirements could damage our business and results of operations. The global logistics services industry is intensely competitive and is expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. There are a large number of companies competing in one or more segments of the industry, but the number of firms with a global network that offer a full complement of logistics services is more limited. Nevertheless, many of these competitors have significantly more resources than Expeditors and may pursue acquisition opportunities and are developing new technologies to gain competitive advantages. Depending on the location of the shipper and the importer, we must compete against niche players, larger entities including carriers, and emerging technology companies. The primary competitive factors are price and quality of service. Many larger customers utilize the services of multiple logistics providers. Customers regularly solicit bids from competitors in order to improve service and to secure favorable pricing and contractual terms such as: longer payment terms; fixed-price arrangements; higher or unlimited liability limits; broad indemnity undertakings; heightened cybersecurity and data privacy obligations; and performance penalties. Increased competition and competitors' acceptance of expanded contractual terms coupled with customers’ dissatisfaction with elevated rates, scarce capacity, and extended transit times could result in loss of business, reduced revenues, reduced margins, higher operating costs or loss of market share, any of which would damage our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Operational Risks We are dependent on our personnel and any inability to hire, develop or retain our key employees may have a negative impact on our operations. In the long term, identifying, recruiting, hiring, training, and retaining employees is essential to our ability to operate and deliver our services, our ability to grow and ultimately our future profitability. We require employees to work in the office, while other companies may allow fully or partially remote-work policies. As a result of those individuals who prefer working remotely, we may experience a higher degree of turnover of employees and this could inhibit our ability to identify, recruit, and hire new employees over time. Additionally, we may incur higher compensation-related expense to recruit and retain employees and incur additional significant expense to hire third parties to perform tasks that have historically been performed by our employees. We believe that our compensation programs are among the unique characteristics responsible for differentiating our performance from that of many of our competitors. Significant changes to compensation programs or significant declines in our operating income or operating losses could impact our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 19 . Effective succession planning is an important element of our programs. Failure to ensure an effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could adversely affect our business by hindering our ability to execute our business strategies and impacting our level of service. We must continue to develop and retain management personnel to address issues of succession planning. We cannot predict how management’s responses to these challenges will ultimately impact our Company culture, financial position, results of operations and cash flows or our ability to successfully attract and retain key employees in the future. We rely heavily upon the flexibility and sophistication of the technologies used in our core business and failure to properly manage, enhance and update technologies could lead to disruptions in our operations or our ability to remain competitive. Expeditors relies heavily and must compete based upon the flexibility and sophistication of the technologies, including AI, utilized in performing our core businesses. Future results depend on our success in developing competitive and reliable systems to address the needs of our customers and suppliers. Development and maintenance of these systems must be accomplished in a cost-effective manner and support the use of secure protocols, including integration and availability of third-party technology. We are continually improving and enhancing our systems and processes, including meaningful upgrades to core operating and accounting systems. These efforts are inherently complex and, if not managed properly, could lead to disruptions in our operations or our ability to remain competitive. Any significant disruptions or unapproved third-party access to our network and systems continuity could have an adverse impact to our business and financial results. As our employees, our customers and suppliers continue to increase reliance on systems, and as additional features are added, the risks also increase. Any significant disruptions or unapproved third-party access to our global systems or the internet for any reason, which could include equipment or network failures; co-location facility failures; power outages; sabotage; government interference, employee error or other actions; cyber-attacks or other security breaches; reliance on third party technology; geo-political activity or natural disasters; all of which could have a material negative effect on our results. Significant disruptions to, or unapproved third‑party access into our networks and systems could materially harm our business and financial results by interrupting critical operations and degrading systems continuity. Potential disruption vectors include equipment or network failures, co‑location facility outages, power interruptions, sabotage, government interference, employee error, cyber‑attacks or other security breaches, dependencies on third‑party technologies, geopolitical events, and natural disasters, any of which could sever connectivity to our global systems or the internet and impede execution of core processes. In such circumstances, we may be compelled to shut down systems to protect the environment, as we did during a cyber-attack in February 2022, leading to lost revenue; shipment‑processing delays and other business interruptions; significant remediation and incremental security costs; heightened exposure to fraud; legal claims (including potential breach‑of‑contract assertions); reporting delays or errors, including interference with regulators. A future cyber-attack may also result in the destruction or exfiltration of our data as well as that of our customers and service providers. We rely on service providers, including air, ocean, ground freight carriers and others and if they have insufficient capacity available relative to market demand or have reduced capacity to provide service, it may adversely impact our business and operating results. As a non-asset-based provider of global logistics services, Expeditors depends on a variety of carriers and other service providers, including air, ocean and ground freight carriers. Our ability to deliver our services depends on service providers having sufficient capacity available to purchase. The quality and profitability of our services depend upon effective selection and oversight of our service providers. When market demand significantly exceeds available capacity in a given market, we may not always be able to find acceptable transportation or other service solutions to meet our customers’ needs, or the routing and delivery of freight may be subject to delays that are outside of our control. Quality customer service is a key element of the Company’s success, and such challenges in meeting our customers’ needs and requirements may result in loss of business. Major disruptions to carriers’ operations, such as caused by a global health emergency, could place significant stress on our air, ocean and freight ground carriers, as well as other service providers, which may result in reduced carrier capacity or availability, pricing volatility or more limited carrier transportation schedules and other services that we utilize, which could adversely impact our operations and financial results. 20 . Failure to grow and gain profitable market share could adversely impact our ability to remain competitive and could adversely impact our business. Expeditors has historically relied primarily upon organic growth and has tended to avoid growth through acquisition. Future results will depend upon our ability to anticipate and adapt to constantly evolving supply chain requirements and innovations. To continue to grow organically, we must gain profitable market share in a highly competitive environment and successfully develop and market new service offerings. When investment opportunities arise, our success could be dependent on our ability to evaluate and integrate acquisitions. Any disruption of our business caused by a catastrophic event could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations and impact our operating results. A disruption or failure of Expeditors' systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, strike, civil unrest, mass population dislocation, pandemic or other catastrophic event could cause delays in providing services or performing other mission-critical functions. Our corporate headquarters and certain other critical business operations are in the Puget Sound area of Washington, which is near major earthquake faults. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or information technology systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations and our operating results. See “Any significant disruptions to our network and systems continuity could have an adverse impact to our business and financial results” above . We face material risks associated with the handling, transporting, and storing of customer inventory including some products classified as hazardous materials, dangerous goods, and/or high value products. Under some of our agreements, we maintain and transport the inventory of our customers, some of which is classified as hazardous materials, dangerous goods or is high value in nature. Our failure to properly handle and safeguard such inventory exposes us to potential material claims and expenses as well as harm to our business and reputation. Our insurance coverage does not cover all potential losses and significant uninsured losses could adversely impact our financial results. We carry insurance coverage for property damage, personal injury and other insurable events resulting from certain events such as fire, accidents, and other perils under extended coverage policies. Our insurance coverages contain policy specifications and insured limits customarily carried for similar locations, business activities and markets. Though we believe we are adequately insured, certain losses, including losses from floods, earthquakes, acts of war, acts of terrorism or riots, cybersecurity events and pandemics, generally are not insured against or not fully insured against because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. In some instances, the value of our customers’ goods stored in a single facility or contained in a single shipment may be high in nature and may exceed our general property damage insurance policy limits. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs with respect to one or more of our facilities in the future, we could experience a significant loss of assets, including customer inventory (inclusive of high value commodities), and future operations could be harmed resulting in a loss of revenues or higher claims and operating expenses. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that the insurance companies will be able to continue to offer products with sufficient coverage at commercially reasonable rates. If we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds insured limits, then we could incur additional expenses or a loss of future revenues from a facility that is damaged. Any such losses or higher insurance costs could adversely affect our business. Difficulty in forecasting timing or volumes of customer shipments or rate changes by carriers could adversely impact our margins and operating results. Expeditors is not aware of any accurate means of forecasting short-term customer requirements. However, long-term customer satisfaction depends upon our ability to meet these unpredictable short-term customer requirements. Personnel costs, our single largest expense, are always less flexible in the very near term as we must staff to meet uncertain demand. As a result, short-term operating results could be disproportionately affected. 21 . A significant portion of Expeditors' revenues is derived from customers in retail and technology industries whose shipping patterns are tied closely to consumer demand, as well as the scaling of AI infrastructure, and from customers in industries whose shipping patterns are dependent upon just-in-time production schedules. Therefore, the timing of our revenues is, to a large degree, impacted by factors out of our control, such as a sudden change in consumer demand for retail goods, changes in trade tariffs, product launches and/or manufacturing production delays. Additionally, many customers ship a significant portion of their goods at or near the end of a quarter, and therefore, we may not learn of a shortfall in revenues until late in a quarter. To the extent that a shortfall in revenues or earnings was not expected by securities analysts or investors, any such shortfall from levels predicted by securities analysts or investors could have an immediate and adverse effect on the trading price of our stock. We cannot accurately forecast many of these factors, nor can we estimate accurately the relative influence of any particular factor and, as a result, there can be no assurance that historical patterns will continue in future periods. Volatile market conditions can create situations where rate increases charged by carriers and other service providers are implemented with little or no advance notice. We often cannot pass these rate increases on to our customers in the same time frame, if at all. As a result, our yields and margins can be negatively impacted. Climate change, including measures to address climate change, could adversely impact our business and financial results. The long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict and may be widespread. The impacts of climate change may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels, which could affect port operations or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions, which could disrupt our operations and damage cargo and our facilities), compliance costs and transition risks (such as increased regulation and taxation to support carbon emissions reduction investments), shifts in customer demands (such as customers requiring more fuel efficient transportation modes or transparency to carbon emissions in their supply chains) and customer contractual requirements around environmental initiatives (such as greenhouse gas emission reduction target setting) and other adverse effects. Our non-asset-based model gives us a flexibility and an ability to change locations, modes, and carriers based on evolving operating conditions. However, such impacts may disrupt our operations by adversely affecting our ability to procure services that meet regulatory or customer requirements, depending on the availability of sufficient appropriate logistics solutions. In addition, the increasing concern over climate change has resulted and may continue to result in more regulations relating to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions, restrictions on modes of transportation, alternative energy policies and sustainability initiatives, such as the FuelEU Maritime initiative or the EU Emissions Trading System. If, in the United States or in any other jurisdictions in which we operate, legislation or regulations are enacted or promulgated that impose more stringent restrictions and requirements than our current legal or regulatory obligations, we may experience disruptions in, or increases in the costs associated with delivering our services, which may negatively affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Government Regulation and Tax Risks We are subject to a complex regulatory environment, and failure to comply with and adapt to these regulations could result in penalties or otherwise adversely impact our business. Expeditors is affected by ever increasing regulations from a number of sources in the United States and in foreign locations in which we operate. Many of these regulations are complex and require varying degrees of interpretation, including those related to handling dangerous and hazardous materials, trade compliance, data privacy, environmental, employment, compensation and competition, and may result in unforeseen costs. In reaction to the continuing global terrorist threat, governments around the world are continuously enacting or updating security regulations. These regulations are multi-layered, increasingly technical in nature and characterized by a lack of harmonization of substantive requirements among various governmental authorities. Furthermore, the implementation of these regulations, including deadlines and substantive requirements, can be driven by regulatory urgencies rather than industry's realistic ability to comply. Failure to consistently and timely comply with these regulations, or the failure, breach or compromise of our policies and procedures or those of our service providers or agents, may result in increased operating costs, damage to our reputation, difficulty in attracting and retaining key personnel, restrictions on operations or fines and penalties. 22 . We operate globally and any inability to safeguard our operations or comply with anti-corruption laws and trade compliance regulations would adversely impact our reputation and business. A material portion of Expeditors' revenues and operating income comes from operations conducted outside the United States. To maintain a global service network, we may be required to operate in hostile locations and in dangerous situations. Doing business in foreign locations also subjects us to a variety of risks and considerations not normally encountered by domestic enterprises. In addition, we operate in parts of the world where common business practices could constitute violations of the anti-corruption laws, rules, regulations and decrees of the United States and of other countries in which we conduct business, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act as well as trade and exchange control laws, or laws, regulations and Executive Orders imposing embargoes and sanctions; and anti-boycott laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws, rules, regulations and decrees is dependent on our employees, service providers, agents, third party brokers and customers, whose individual actions could violate these laws, rules, regulations and decrees. Failure to comply could result in substantial penalties and additional expenses, damage to our reputation and restrictions on our ability to conduct business. We are subject to taxation in multiple jurisdictions, and although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, any adverse determinations in tax audits could negatively impact our financial results. Expeditors is subject to income and non-income taxation in the United States (Federal, state and local) as well as many foreign tax jurisdictions including the People’s Republic of China, including Hong Kong, Taiwan, Vietnam, India, Mexico, Canada, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. In many of these jurisdictions, the tax laws are very complex and are open to different interpretations and applications. Governmental authorities frequently implement new tax laws, including the One, Big, Beautiful Bill Act (Public Law 119-21), (the 2025 Tax Act), enacted in July of 2025 in the U.S., and change their tax rates and rules, including interpretations of those rules. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) reached agreement among various countries to implement a minimum 15% tax rate on certain multinational enterprises, commonly referred to as Pillar Two. Many countries continue to announce changes in their tax laws and regulations based on the Pillar Two proposals. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of these proposed and enacted legislative changes as new guidance becomes available. Some of these legislative changes could impact our effective tax rate and tax liabilities, but we expect the impact to be insignificant because we pay tax at a rate of over 15% in the great majority of countries in which we do business. The timing of the resolution of income and non-income tax examinations can be highly uncertain, and the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities, may differ significantly from the amounts recorded. It is reasonably possible that within the next twelve months we will undergo further audits and examinations by various tax authorities and may reach resolution related to income tax examinations covering one or more jurisdictions and years. In recent years, the United States and other foreign governments have made significant changes to tax laws, and more changes are anticipated in future periods. Often, those changes are subject to the issuance of new regulations and interpretations, which adds complexity and uncertainty in calculating tax liabilities. We are regularly audited by tax authorities, including transfer pricing inquiries. The Indian tax authority (ITA) has asserted that additional tax applies principally related to transfer pricing and transactions between and amongst the Company and its Indian subsidiary and that, an Indian service tax applies to ocean and air imports and exports. We believe that ITA’s positions are without merit, and we have thus far been successful in defending our position in Indian courts. However, if these matters are adversely resolved, we would recognize significant additional tax expense including interest and penalties. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits, including any potential penalties and interest, could be materially different from our tax provisions and accruals and negatively impact our financial results. Current economic and political conditions make tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, in any jurisdiction subject to significant change. Changes in tax laws or statutory tax rates, competing tax regimes, variability in the mix of pretax earnings we generate in the U.S., as compared to other countries, or new taxes in the United States or foreign jurisdictions could result in additional tax liabilities, or increased volatility in our effective tax rate and total tax expense. 23 . General Risks Investigations and litigation could require management time and or to incur substantial legal costs or fines, penalties or damages, any of which could adversely impact on our financial results. As a multinational corporation, Expeditors is subject to formal or informal investigations from governmental authorities or others in the countries in which we do business. In addition, we may become subject to civil litigation with our customers, service providers and other parties with whom we do business. These investigations and litigation may require significant management time and could cause us to incur substantial additional legal and related costs, which may include fines, penalties or damages that could have a materially adverse impact on our financial results. Global health emergencies on the scale of the COVID-19 pandemic may significantly impact worldwide economic conditions and global trade and can have a disruptive effect on our operations, and the operations of our service providers and our customers, which may impact our business. We may be impacted by a global health emergency, similar to the scale of what we experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic. Significant global health emergencies may prompt governments around the world to mandate lockdowns and implement other restrictions that can have a direct impact on international trade. Such government restrictions may contribute to shortages of both labor and capacity and increase costs that impact our operations. Any significant global health emergency on the scale of the COVID- 19 pandemic could negatively affect our business and our financial results. Such a disruption could also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described above. We are exposed to risks relating to evaluations of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Management is required to assess the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, we may be unable to record, process and report financial information accurately or timely, which could result in misstatements in our financial statements, subject us to litigation or regulatory investigations, require significant management attention and resources, and adversely affect investor confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price. In addition, uncertainties related to the design and operation of controls over operational and financial systems in

=== EXPD_2026-05-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2026. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES (shares in thousands) Period Total number of shares purchased (1) Average price paid per share (2) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans January 1-31, 2026 200 $ 159.38 200 3,697 February 1-28, 2026 400 146.63 400 3,402 March 1-31, 2026 1,420 143.79 1,420 2,024 Total 2,020 $ 145.90 2,020 2,024 1 Repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases including through a Rule 10b5-1 plan. The Company’s existing repurchase authorization permits repurchases until outstanding shares are reduced to 130 million. 2 Average price paid per share includes transaction costs associated with the repurchases. In November 2001, Expeditors' Board of Directors authorized a Discretionary Stock Repurchase Plan for the purpose of repurchasing our common stock in the open market to reduce the issued and outstanding stock down to 200 million outstanding shares. Subsequently, the Board of Directors has from time to time increased the amount of our common stock that may be repurchased. The Board of Directors last authorized repurchases from 140 million shares of common stock down to 130 million on February 19, 2024. The maximum number of shares available for repurchase under this plan will increase as the total number of outstanding shares increases. This authorization has no expiration date. On February 23, 2026, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program that permits the repurchase of up to $3 billion of the Company's common stock, effective upon the expiration of the current program, which will occur when the outstanding shares of common stock reach 130 million. This plan has no expiration date and may be terminated at any time. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information (a) Effective May 5, 2026, the Company entered into a new Employment Agreement with each of Daniel Wall, President and Chief Executive Officer; Blake Bell, President, Global Business Development; Kelly Blacker, President, Global Geographies; Roberto Martinez, President, Global Products; and David Hackett, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer for a period of one year which will renew automatically. Under the terms of each of their Employment Agreements, such officer will receive an annual base salary (currently $100,000), subject to periodic review and adjustment by the Company’s Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee. Such officer is also eligible to receive incentive-based compensation as established by the Company’s Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee. The Employment Agreement contains a mandatory six-month non-compete and 12-month non-solicitation provision, except in the event of a change of control. The Employment Agreement also provides for severance benefits of (i) one-half of total annual cash compensation in the event of a 23 termination without cause, (ii) one year of base salary in the event of resignation, and (iii) two (2) times (or 2.99 times for Daniel Wall) total annual cash compensation in the event of a termination without cause or resignation for good reason in the event of a change of control, subject to a release of claims under (i) and (iii). In addition, the new Employment Agreement includes clarifying definitions, such as the inclusion of deferred cash compensation in the definition of total annual cash compensation, and provisions regarding Sections 409A and 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Employment Agreement includes a provision limiting the total severance payments to no more than 2.99 times the employee’s total cash compensation, in accordance with Company policy. In the event of a termination without cause or resignation for good reason in the event of a change of control, the Company is required to pay the cost of COBRA coverage for up to 24 months. Finally, the Employment Agreement contains customary confidentiality provisions. On May 5, 2026, the Compensation Committee approved a new form of Performance Share Award Agreement to modify the treatment of Performance Share Units (PSUs) in the event of a change in control when replacement awards are not issued. In such instance, the participant shall be entitled to receive a payment/settlement with respect to all PSUs corresponding to a performance period (x) based on actual performance, to the extent determinable, through the date immediately prior to the date of the change in control, with performance goals adjusted to reflect the truncated performance period and payable without proration or (y) as if target performance was achieved, whichever shall result in the largest payout. The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Employment Agreements and of the change to the form of Performance Share Award Agreement and does not purport to be complete. The Employment Agreements and the form of Performance Share Award Agreement are attached as Exhibits 10.20, 10.21, 10.22, 10.23,10,24 and 10.73 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. (b) Not applicable. (c) During the quarterly period ended March 31, 2026 , no director or officer adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 24 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Exhibit Number Description 10.20 Form of Employment Agreement for Daniel Wall, Expeditors' President & Chief Executive Officer, effective as of May 5, 2026. 10.21 Form of Employment Agreement for David Hackett, Expeditors' Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, effective as of May 5, 2026. 10.22 Form of Employment Agreement for Blake Bell effective as of May 5, 2026. 10.23 Form of Employment Agreement for Kelly Blacker effective as of May 5, 2026. 10.24 Form of Employment Agreement for Roberto Martinez effective as of May 5, 2026. 10.73 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement used in connection with performance share units granted under Expeditors' Amended and Restated 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective as of May 5, 2026. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents 104 The cover page from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 25 SIGNAT URES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. May 6, 2026 /s/ DANIEL R. WALL Daniel R. Wall, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director May 6, 2026 /s/ DAVID A. HACKETT David A. Hackett , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 26 