=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-26-205511_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 3545 Factoria Blvd. SE Sterling Plaza 2, 3rd Floor Bellevue, Washington 98006 CONTACTS : Daniel R. Wall David A. Hackett Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3455 (206) 674-3400 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2026 EPS OF $1.71 BELLEVUE, WASHINGTON - May 5, 2026, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NYSE:EXPD) today announced first quarter 2026 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2025: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) increased 16% to $1.71 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders increased 13% to $230 million Operating Income increased 11% to $295 million Revenues increased 4% to $2.8 billion Airfreight tonnage increased 5% and ocean container volume decreased 4% Customs, Transcon, Distribution, and Order Management each achieved double-digit revenue growth Cash returned to shareholders in the form of share repurchases was $288 million Daniel R. Wall, President and Chief Executive Officer, commented: During a period marked by significant disruption in the final month of the quarter, we continued to demonstrate our ability to bring solutions to our customers. This quarter also demonstrates the resilience of our non-asset-based model, as we grew revenues and margins in most of our products and geographies. We relied heavily on the hard work of our people, especially those close to the conflict in the Middle East. We were well prepared for disruption and adapted quickly. As soon as hostilities began, we developed strategies and solutions for our customers to keep freight moving out of and around impacted areas. In periods of heightened disruption, our teams demonstrate their capabilities and advance our aspiration to be the world's most trusted and valued logistics provider. I want to thank our people for their dedication and focus during this challenging time. Q1 2026 Operational Highlights Airfreight services : Airfreight gross margins increased sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2025 on higher per-kilo profitability, from higher rates and a more stable balance between sell and buy pricing for the first two months of the quarter, as air capacity was less constrained until the conflict in the Middle East began. Airfreight tonnage increased from the first quarter of 2025 as demand from technology customers remained strong. We remained agile and focused on risk management while also managing buy and sell rates during this dynamic time. Ocean freight and ocean services : As expected, the imbalance of global capacity versus demand, which we began to see in the latter half of 2025, continued to impact the ocean industry and led to a decline in our ocean revenues. The decline was due to decreases in both pricing and volume compared to Q1 of 2025. We were impacted by lower average profitability per-container and volume, primarily on exports from Asia. However, with favorable buy rates and disciplined cost control, we partially offset top-line pressure . 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. Customs brokerage and other services : Higher entry volumes and complexity, along with tariff-related activity, drove revenue increases in our customs brokerage business. In addition, disciplined cost control and pricing increases led to higher gross margins, both sequentially and year-over-year. Our other products within Customs brokerage and other services all generated double-digit growth and profitability from a diverse range of geographies and business sectors, driven foremost by demand from hyperscalers and other high-value technology customers. While we manage through the ongoing global uncertainty in the ocean marketplace, our growth and profitability are well balanced by the growth in these other products. Looking ahead, we expect the freight environment to remain highly unpredictable, as global events and macroeconomic concerns weigh on our customers and our industry. The air market may continue to face rapid shifts in capacity, routing, pricing, and possible fuel shortages, and we expect the ocean market to remain impacted by abundant capacity and weak pricing. At the same time, our pipeline of new business is strong and we expect continued robust demand for our customs brokerage services due to elevated tariff-driven complexity, tariff refund challenges, and dynamics in the global trade environment. We will continue to work closely with our customers and carrier partners to find solutions and deliver value, while aligning our resources to maximize profitability. David A. Hackett, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added: With headcount sequentially flat versus the prior quarter, coupled with our revenue and margin growth, we meaningfully increased our productivity from the fourth quarter of 2025 as our operating efficiency achieved our 30% historical target. In 2025, we made strategic investments in headcount aimed at higher-growth opportunities, particularly in customs brokerage, as well as essential investments in technology, including artificial intelligence. We are starting to achieve benefits from these investments, which are helping to drive our productivity gains. For a second sequential quarter, operating expenses, excluding transportation-related costs, increased less than one percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2025. Mr. Hackett noted that the Company generated $309 million of cash from operations and returned $288 million to shareholders via share repurchases during the first quarter of 2026. About Expeditors International of Washington, Inc: Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 171 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements :

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-26-066101_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 3545 Factoria Blvd. SE Sterling Plaza 2, 3rd Floor Bellevue, Washington 98006 CONTACTS : Daniel R. Wall David A. Hackett Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3455 (206) 288-8794 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER 2025 EPS OF $1.49 BELLEVUE, WASHINGTON - February 24, 2026, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NYSE: EXPD) today announced fourth quarter 2025 financial results, including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2024: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) decreased 11% to $1.49 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders decreased 15% to $201 million Operating Income decreased 17% to $251 million Revenues decreased 3% to $2.9 billion Airfreight tonnage increased 6% and ocean container volume decreased 6% Returned $150 million and $875 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases during the fourth quarter and full year of 2025, respectively Our Board of Directors approved a new $3 billion share repurchase program Daniel R. Wall, President and Chief Executive Officer, commented: While we knew comparisons to 2024 were going to be tough given the current ocean environment, I am quite pleased with the increased business we are taking on, including customs, Transcon, warehousing distribution, and order management. This shows that our strategy to diversify the breadth of our portfolio is making a difference. We are focused on growing in every region, product, and customer segment to achieve a healthy balance of revenue, which ultimately creates unlimited opportunities for our employees. In 2026, we will continue to focus on growth diversification, pricing optimization, and further alignment of our cost structure with current market conditions. Finally, we will also make strategic investments in high-return opportunities, such as artificial intelligence (AI) and other customer vertical solutions where we see the most growth potential. Comparing Q4 2025 to Q4 2024 Airfreight services : Air freight gross margins declined modestly on lower per-kilo profitability despite an increase in tonnage. That increase, both year-over-year and compared to Q3 2025, was driven by export volumes from North and South Asia, primarily by customers continuing to invest in technology. During the quarter, a surge in e commerce and tech demand pushed buy rates higher, further pressuring margins. Ocean freight and ocean services : Ocean sell rates began declining in the latter part of 2024 and fell more sharply in the third and fourth quarters of 2025, particularly out of North and South Asia. Average revenue-per-container fell 41% compared to the fourth quarter of 2024, and fell 17% compared to the third quarter of 2025, as capacity continued to increase and lower volumes added further pressure. These impacts were partially offset by higher order management volumes from customers seeking greater control over their supply chains, as well as increased demand for freight forwarding and ancillary ocean services. Ocean rates may remain soft in 2026, as capacity is likely to 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. increase further as vessels resume transit via the Suez Canal. We will continue to adjust our ocean operating costs to more properly align with current market conditions. Customs brokerage and other services : Demand for customs brokerage remained strong, reflecting both the complexity and volume of work required to support our customers. We are beginning to realize meaningful benefits from investments we have made in advanced technology to reduce the time required to file customs entries. In addition, we continue to invest in technology solutions, including AI, to further enhance our productivity. Each of our other products in this category achieved double digit growth year over year, led by Transcon road freight and warehousing and distribution, both of which continued to benefit from volume growth tied to ongoing customer investments in global AI hyperscaler infrastructure. I would like to extend a special thank you to our operations team for their exceptional performance in a challenging and fast-changing environment. Their dedication enabled us to support customers with comprehensive solutions, while volumes grew across all products. David A. Hackett, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added: We are pleased with our results considering the weakness in the ocean business, coupled with the approximate two percentage point decline in margins in our air business in Q4 2025. While we are not providing future guidance, we have seen air margins recover much of this two percent decline in 2026 through the date of this release. Expenses were higher than we would like, driven primarily by strategic headcount additions to address higher growth opportunities, particularly in customs brokerage, as well as investments in technology. We believe these investments are critical to our long term growth and expect them to generate attractive returns over time. Excluding transportation related costs, operating expenses increased less than one percent sequentially compared to the third quarter of 2025. Mr. Hackett noted that the Company returned $150 million in dividends and share repurchases during the fourth quarter, and $875 million in share repurchases and dividends in all of 2025. Mr. Hackett also noted that on February 23, 2026, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program that permits the repurchase of up to $3 billion of the Company's common stock, effective upon the expiration of the current program, which will occur when the outstanding shares of common stock reach 130 million. About Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 172 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-25-264045_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 3545 Factoria Blvd. SE Sterling Plaza 2, 3rd Floor Bellevue, Washington 98006 CONTACTS : Daniel R. Wall David A. Hackett Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3455 (206) 288-8794 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2025 EPS OF $1.64 BELLEVUE, WASHINGTON - November 4, 2025, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NYSE:EXPD) today announced third quarter 2025 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2024: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) increased 1% to $1.64 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders decreased (3)% to $222 million Operating Income decreased (4)% to $288 million Revenues decreased (4)% to $2.9 billion Airfreight tonnage increased 4% and ocean container volume decreased (3)% Cash returned to shareholders in the form of share repurchases was $212 million; $725 million has been returned to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends so far in 2025 Daniel R. Wall, President and Chief Executive Officer, made the following comments: Despite the ongoing challenges in our marketplace due to geopolitical dynamics, as well as supply and demand shifts, we believe our culture of intense focus on the needs of our customers and our carrier partners provides an ideal platform to showcase the breadth of our global solutions. We also believe that while the freight environment remains unpredictable, our continued focus on fee-based services will help balance the performance of our overall product portfolio. Comparing Q3 2025 to Q3 2024 Airfreight services : During the quarter we grew airfreight tonnage on exports, particularly from North and South Asia. We continued to expand our business in our strategic verticals, particularly in our leading areas of technology, pharmaceuticals, and aviation. We also continue to benefit from the significant investments being made by our technology customers in artificial intelligence infrastructure. With our long history of expertise in handling high-value technologies, we believe we are very well positioned to support our customers as they rapidly build out AI infrastructure around the globe. Previously tight air capacity eased during the quarter, after expiration of the de minimis exception for goods entering the U.S., which had prompted some shippers to accelerate orders earlier in the year in anticipation of higher tariffs. That extra capacity led to slightly lower sell and buy rates during the quarter. 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. Ocean freight and ocean services : Pricing volatility coupled with slightly lower volumes led to significantly lower revenues in the quarter for this business. In the first half of the year, U.S. importers accelerated shipments in advance of expected tariffs. Volumes declined in the third quarter, primarily related to retail customers and, as additional capacity came on-line, sell and buy rates declined substantially. Despite these market challenges, we remained disciplined and efficient while adjusting our ocean business for slower market growth, as we recognize that the ocean capacity/demand imbalance could continue for some time. Customs brokerage and other services : All of our businesses within this category continued to generate strong growth. The products and services within this group tend to be more stable than our air and ocean businesses. Our customs brokerage business continues to deliver strong growth given the high demand for our services due to the dynamic trade environment. Our Transcon road freight and warehousing and distribution services also benefitted from strong AI infrastructure demand. Customs Brokerage in Focus Companywide, we continue to perform at a high level because of our uniquely talented and experienced people. I must, however, especially commend our customs brokerage group because of the extra intensity around tariffs. The increase in volume and complexity of entries continues to test our customs group. We are investing in and exploring ways to further enhance our productivity in this area, including enhancements from AI and other technology solutions. Due to the constantly evolving landscape, we will continuously invest in productivity tools for this business. David A. Hackett, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, also commented: We delivered consistent profitability across our portfolio of businesses in the quarter, especially given the volatility in the ocean market and tough comparisons to prior-year results. Our strong customer service culture and our unique compensation structure, which aligns executive compensation to both operating income and shareholder interests, allow us to deliver differentiated performance. We are focused on aligning our operating cost structure with a lower growth environment, while continuing to make strategic investments in high return areas to drive sustainable, profitable and capital efficient growth. Mr. Hackett noted that the Company repurchased $212 million in common stock during the third quarter and returned $725 million in the form of share repurchases and dividends for the year-to-date period. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 172 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements : Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding inflation; continued changes in air and ocean carrier capacity and the impact on rates; unpredictability in the ocean and air markets; the demand for our cu

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-25-102569_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. Sterling Plaza 2, 3rd Floor 3545 Factoria Blvd. SE Bellevue, Washington 98006 CONTACTS : Daniel R. Wall Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3455 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS SECOND QUARTER 2025 EPS OF $1.34 BELLEVUE, WASHINGTON - August 5, 2025, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NYSE:EXPD) today announced second quarter 2025 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2024: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) increased 8% to $1.34 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders increased 5% to $184 million Operating Income increased 11% to $248 million Revenues increased 9% to $2.7 billion Airfreight tonnage increased 7% and ocean container volume increased 7% Cash returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases was $335 million Throughout the Expeditors global network, we are seeing the positive impact of our strategic initiatives to maximize operational excellence, said Daniel R. Wall, President and Chief Executive Officer. Our focus on growth and execution puts us in a strong position to quickly adapt to this highly unpredictable environment. We are working with each of our regions and districts to increase efficiency and further optimize customer service to drive organic growth and boost profitability. We continued to grow all of our businesses during another quarter in which on-and-off tariffs and geopolitical uncertainty prompted many of our customers to re-evaluate their supply chains in anticipation of higher tariffs. Average buy and sell rates, for both air and ocean, remained highly volatile. We once again processed a substantial increase in customs clearances requiring greater skill as they have become more complex, while also growing air tonnage and ocean volumes. Our airfreight business increased on growth in tonnage and higher rates in most regions, as capacity remained tight despite new government limits on de minimis shipments, and particularly as customers sought to ship technology and other high-value inventory ahead of trade deadlines. Our ocean business also grew largely on increased volumes, particularly exports out of South Asia, as customers relocated sourcing to that region and moved freight in advance of extended tariff deadlines. Ocean rates softened throughout the quarter, with demand unable to match increased ocean capacity. Our other businesses within the customs brokerage segment, including road freight and warehousing and distribution, also grew on strong volumes and new business, as we worked with a mix of current and new customers to navigate the unpredictable and changing state of global supply chains. Looking ahead, we continue to expect the freight environment to remain unpredictable. Our resilience comes from the experience and expertise of our global network. Our customers have become accustomed to this unsettled environment and have come to trust that we can help them navigate uncertainty. This has not come without enormous extra effort and diligence from all our employees over the past months, and we are deeply appreciative. 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, We continued to watch expenses closely during the quarter, increasing operating income by 11%. As many costs have increased, we have been careful to limit headcount growth only in support of additional business activity, and to make essential investments to further strengthen our critical information systems. Mr. Powell noted that the Company s second quarter net earnings grew at a lower rate than operating income as our effective tax rate increased from 25.8% a year ago to 28.7% during the most recent quarter, driven by changes in foreign exchange rates and certain non-deductible expenses. Mr. Powell further commented that the Company returned $335 million to shareholders in common stock repurchases and dividends during the second quarter of 2025. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 172 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements : Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding inflation; continued changes in air and ocean carrier capacity and the impact on rates; unpredictability in the ocean and air markets; geopolitical uncertainty; national policy changes on tariffs and other similar measures; port actions and other labor disruptions; new capacity in the marketplace; longer ocean transit times; e-commerce demand in the air market; changing de minimis laws; and volatile rates. Future financial performance could differ materially because of factors such as: our ability to produce organic growth and boost profitability as a result of strategic initiatives to maximize operational performance; our ability to continue to process an increasing number of more complex customs clearances; our ability to secure higher air tonnage and ocean volumes; our ability to carefully add headcount and keep other costs in check while continuing to generate efficiency that meets our historical expectations; the alignment of our variable compensation structure with performance; our ability to enhance and bolster our network security; our ability to take market share; our ability to offer cross-border customs expertise; our ability to offer solutions to address the ever shifting tariff changes and customer sourcing decisions; our ability to find solutions

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-25-064162_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. Sterling Plaza 2, 3rd Floor 3545 Factoria Blvd. SE Bellevue, Washington 98006 CONTACTS : Daniel R. Wall Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3455 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2025 EPS OF $1.47 BELLEVUE, WASHINGTON - May 6, 2025, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NYSE:EXPD) today announced first quarter 2025 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2024: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) increased 26% to $1.47 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders increased 20% to $204 million Operating Income increased 24% to $266 million Revenues increased 21% to $2.7 billion Airfreight tonnage increased 9% and ocean container volume increased 8% We continue to pull the right levers to grow all of our businesses with current customers as well as new ones, said Daniel R. Wall, President and Chief Executive Officer. We grew air tonnage and ocean volumes year-over-year as all of our teams across our global network performed their best in a very difficult market. I especially want to thank our brokerage teams for maximizing their efforts and all of their additional work to address the frenzied landscape of tariffs, threats of tariffs, shifting geopolitics, and other disruptions that have had shippers around the world rapidly re-evaluating the risks to their supply chains. While we often have performed well when the marketplace is most unpredictable, I am not sure any of us have ever seen anything like the non-stop, rapidly shifting rules and regulations that have impacted our industry in recent days. We believe we are staffed with the right talent in the right locations to help our customers function and navigate this chaotic trade environment. Customers often turn to us for our cross-border expertise and we have held hundreds of near-daily industry update sessions with thousands of participants to keep current and potential customers abreast of the latest regulatory changes and solutions to get their freight where it needs to be. Compared to a year ago, airfreight increased on higher buy and sell rates and growth in tonnage from strong demand, primarily in technology, as importers front-loaded shipments in anticipation of higher trade tariffs. Air capacity remained tight due to e commerce export demand from North Asia and ongoing re-sourcing to South Asia and India. Our ocean business favorably compares to the first quarter a year ago and grew in strength on higher volumes and rates as importers also front-loaded shipments, as well as extended transit times because of the continuing conflict in the Red Sea. Our customs and other businesses increased on growth in customs clearances and additional ancillary services from increased shipments, as well as increased road freight volumes, and growth in new business in warehousing and distribution, principally in North America. 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. Looking back on Q1, we performed well across all of our businesses. However, the short- and longer-term future is as unpredictable to us as it is to everyone. While we currently expect air capacity and rates to remain volatile, it is too early to predict what impact an end to the de minimis exemption may have on air capacity and rates going forward, as there are other economic and geopolitical unknowns to consider. Subsequent to March 31, 2025, we are seeing early signs that China to U.S. ocean volumes are declining significantly. While some of those volumes are shifting to other lanes, as customers look to mitigate their exposure to China-specific tariffs, it is too early to know what the overall decline in volumes might be. Speculation regarding additional tariffs may cause more customers to pause or cancel shipments entirely. While carriers have shown a willingness to manage capacity, the current environment is so unsettled that they simply may not be able to do enough to keep rates from continuing to fall if consumer resilience fades and the capacity/demand imbalance becomes significant in certain lanes. We believe that uncertainty is likely to continue for some time, with possibly significant impacts to our industry. We also remain optimistic that trade will continue to flow, and we will work closely with our customers to find solutions to keep their cargo moving. We believe that wherever trade moves, we already have talented people and operational infrastructure on-site to handle that business. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, During the quarter, we carefully boosted headcount in certain areas to support growth in business activity, primarily in operations and sales, as well as our critical information systems. But we were again careful not to increase headcount ahead of our ability to grow tonnage and volumes and increase profitability, growing pre-tax operating income by 24% from a year ago. Our measure of operating efficiency (operating income as a percentage of revenue less directly related cost of transportation and other expenses) was in line with our 30% target. Mr. Powell noted that the Company generated $343 million in cash from operations and returned $177 million to shareholders through stock repurchases, while continuing to make significant investments in cybersecurity and other technology to protect, upgrade, and strengthen current systems, while also investing to deploy new and enhanced technology solutions. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 172 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements,

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-25-021940_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 FOURTH QUARTERExhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. Sterling Plaza 2, 3rd Floor 3545 Factoria Blvd. SE Bellevue, Washington 98006 CONTACTS : Jeffrey S. Musser Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3433 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER 2024 EPS OF $1.68 BELLEVUE, WASHINGTON - February 18, 2025, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NYSE:EXPD) today announced fourth quarter 2024 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2023: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) increased 54% to $1.68 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders increased 49% to $236 million Operating Income increased 51% to $301 million Revenues increased 30% to $3.0 billion Airfreight tonnage increased 11% and ocean container volume increased 14% As in Q3 2024, our fourth quarter results demonstrate our ability to adapt to highly volatile conditions and win new business, said Jeffrey S. Musser, President and Chief Executive Officer. Strong demand from Asia, along with heavy de minimis-driven e-commerce business and increased demand for technology products, limited access to air capacity. At the same time, we believe ocean capacity was partially hampered by front-loading, as shippers scrambled to limit disruptions from potential port labor actions, and by longer transits as carriers continued to avoid the Red Sea. Turbulent conditions such as these are when Expeditors tends to perform at its best, as we double-down to find solutions for our customers to avoid the worst of the chaos and keep their freight moving. All of our primary businesses performed very well again in the fourth quarter and we moved more air tonnage than we have since Q4 2021. Strong demand out of Asia drove rate increases and segment growth in both the quarter and during the second half of 2024. Disruption-driven ocean demand led to significantly increased rates and strained capacity, leading to increased year-over-year growth. Strong demand generally for ocean transportation combined with longer transit times and capacity issues caused by the disruptions in the Red Sea resulted in significant increases in overall average buy and sell rates and growth in volumes. Growth in air and ocean shipments helped drive an increase in fees for customs declarations and services. We also grew our road freight and warehousing and distribution businesses during the quarter. We continue to have limited visibility going forward. It is extremely difficult to predict the impact to global air supply and demand that may result from actions such as the anticipated U.S. elimination of certain de minimis exemptions. So, too, whether recessed Red Sea hostilities will lead to resumed ocean transit via that route remains to be seen. Geopolitical words and action are driving disruption at a faster pace than we can ever recall, and national policies regarding tariffs and other similar measures are highly unclear in many countries around the globe. However, whether accessing scarce capacity or navigating increasingly complex customs requirements, we believe we are at our finest during chaotic times like these. We remain flexible and steadfastly focused on serving our customers to keep their freight moving across borders during such unpredictable times. 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, Given the growth in air and ocean shipments, increased customs declarations and other business activity, we carefully added headcount in certain important areas during the quarter, while continuing to increase profitability, growing operating income by 51% from a year ago. Our measure of operating efficiency (operating income as a percentage of revenue less directly related cost of transportation and other expenses) was above our 30% target again for the quarter and for the year. We continue to make significant investments in cybersecurity and other technology to maintain, protect, and upgrade current systems, while also investing to deploy new and enhanced solutions. Mr. Powell noted that the Company returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends in 2024, the third consecutive year that the Company has returned more than $1 billion of capital to shareholders. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 172 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding inflation; continued growth in air and ocean carrier capacity and the impact on rates; unpredictability in the ocean and air markets, including uncertainty due to conflicts in the Middle East and Red Sea; national policy changes on tariffs and other similar measures; port actions and other labor disruptions; new capacity in the marketplace; longer ocean transit times; strong e-commerce demand in the air market; changing de minimis laws; and volatile rates. Future financial performance could differ materially because of factors such as: our ability to secure higher air tonnage and ocean volumes; our ability to carefully add headcount and keep other costs in check while continuing to generate efficiency that meets our historical expectations; the alignment of our variable compensation structure with performance; our ability to enhance and bolster our network security; that management is able to grow the business and explore new areas for profitable growth; our ability to leverag

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-24-121182_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. Sterling Plaza 2, 3rd Floor 3545 Factoria Blvd. SE Bellevue, Washington 98006 CONTACTS : Jeffrey S. Musser Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3433 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2024 EPS OF $1.63 BELLEVUE, WASHINGTON - November 5, 2024, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NYSE:EXPD) today announced third quarter 2024 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2023: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) increased 41% to $1.63 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders increased 34% to $230 million Operating Income increased 40% to $302 million Revenues increased 37% to $3.0 billion Airfreight tonnage increased 19% and ocean container volume increased 12% We have worked hard over this past year to gain additional volumes and grow our business by winning new customers and gaining additional business with current customers, said Jeffrey S. Musser, President and Chief Executive Officer. These positive third-quarter results reflect those efforts in securing higher tonnage and volumes, which were further boosted as some shippers pulled freight forward out of concern over port actions and geopolitical disruptions, and in advance of fourth quarter holiday sales. Geopolitical events continued to impact pricing and the flow of freight during the quarter. Ocean transit times remained extended because carriers avoided the Red Sea and were further disrupted by prior concerns over potential port strikes. Air capacity is too scarce and costly to serve as a viable widespread alternative for most shippers. Strong growth in air tonnage and ocean volumes had a positive impact on all areas of our business during the quarter. Air tonnage and rates increased across all regions. Direct e-commerce continued to absorb available air freight capacity and boost rates on North Asia exports, and manufacturing relocations and sea-to-air conversions drove higher rates on exports from South Asia. Higher volumes moving through our network led to an increase in fees for customs brokerage and other ancillary services, in addition to new road freight business and growth in order management services. All in all, I would be hard pressed to point to an area of our business where our people did not perform at their highest level. We would again caution that our ability to see much beyond our day-to-day levels of activity remains challenging. We believe that ocean rates may decline if demand softens and capacity increases, particularly if commerce on the Red Sea returns to normal. We also believe that global freight markets and pricing are likely to remain volatile for some time. Unpredictable events seem to occur with such increased regularity as to make us wonder if disruption is the new state of normal. Regardless, we remain focused on servicing our current customers and gaining market share, while keeping costs in check. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, We handled increased volumes and tonnage in the third quarter and executed well throughout our network, while keeping headcount flat and controlling operating expenses. Our measure of operating efficiency (operating income as a percentage of revenue less directly related cost of transportation and other expenses) is now back to our 30% target for the year to date. We continue to 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. control and carefully manage our cash, while working to improve operational efficiencies and return capital to investors. Mr. Powell noted that the Company repurchased $140 million in common stock during the third quarter of 2024, and $603 million year to date. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 176 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding inflation; continued growth in air and ocean carrier capacity and the impact on rates; unpredictability in the ocean and air markets, including uncertainty due to conflicts in the Middle East and Red Sea; port actions and other labor disruptions; new capacity in the marketplace; longer ocean transit times; strong e-commerce demand in the air market; and volatile rates. Future financial performance could differ materially because of factors such as: our ability to secure higher air tonnage and ocean volumes; our ability to keep headcount and other costs in check while continuing to generate efficiency that meets our historical expectations; the alignment of our variable compensation structure with performance; our ability to enhance and bolster our network security; that management is able to grow the business and explore new areas for profitable growth; our ability to leverage the strength of our carrier relationships; the strength of our non-asset-based operating model; and our ability to remain a strong, healthy, unified and resilient organization. Geo-political risks, port actions and other labor disruptions, and the current uncertainty in the global economy could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, those related to the success of our strategy and desire to maintain historical unitary profitability, our ability to attract and retain customers, our ability to manage costs, interruptions to our information technology systems, the ability of third-party provid

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-24-091438_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. Sterling Plaza 2, 3rd Floor 3545 Factoria Blvd. SE Bellevue, Washington 98006 CONTACTS : Jeffrey S. Musser Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3433 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS SECOND QUARTER 2024 EPS OF $1.24 SEATTLE, WASHINGTON - August 6, 2024, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NYSE:EXPD) today announced second quarter 2024 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2023: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) decreased 5% to $1.24 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders decreased 11% to $175 million Operating Income decreased 10% to $224 million Revenues increased 9% to $2.4 billion Airfreight tonnage volume increased 15% and ocean container volume decreased 3% We continued to adapt well to another erratic quarter for our industry, which has been impacted by the rapid changes and imbalances in buy versus sell rates, particularly on exports out of Asia, said Jeffrey S. Musser, President and Chief Executive Officer. Air market capacity has been constrained by e-commerce demand, and ocean routing has been significantly disrupted by geopolitical events in the Red Sea, causing less frequent services due to blank sailings, longer transit times as well as port congestion. We have continued to adjust to the disruptions and uneven demand, keeping costs in check while we work to bring efficiency back in line with historical expectations. Air tonnage improved 15% year-over-year and 10% sequentially against Q1 2024, but buy rates outpaced increased sell rates, as international direct e-commerce demand from North Asia outweighed increased carrier capacity to accommodate this growth in demand. The air markets have further been impacted by manufacturing relocations. With respect to the ocean market, longer sailings due to insecurity on the Red Sea have largely lessened the benefits of any increased ocean capacity brought on this quarter. Even though ocean volumes increased for a second sequential quarter, buy rate increases outpaced higher sell rates. As we noted in the first quarter, our ability to see much beyond our day-to-day levels of activity remains challenging. While there are some signs of improving market conditions, there is much uncertainty with regard to demand, capacity, and pricing, not to mention unpredictable events with the potential to impact global shipping for days, weeks, or even longer. I am grateful for the customer-focused dedication of our workforce, particularly during these unpredictable times. We remain focused on keeping costs in check and are ready to pivot for whatever new challenges arise. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, Expenses are still high compared to our 30% efficiency target (operating income as a percentage of revenue less directly related cost of transportation and other expenses), with compensation being our largest and most variable operating expense. We continue to focus on alignment of shipment activity with headcount. Once again, our primary area of increased headcount during the quarter compared to the same quarter last year was in information systems, as we add critical enhancements to further bolster our technology solutions, network and security. As we drive to achieve our efficiency target, we will _______________________ 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. continue to make important investments in people, processes and technology, as well as to invest in our strategic efforts to explore new areas for profitable growth. Mr. Powell also noted that the Company returned $205 million to shareholders in common stock repurchases and dividends during the second quarter of 2024. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 176 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding inflation; fragile economies; continued growth in air and ocean carrier capacity and the impact on rates; unpredictability in the ocean and air markets, including uncertainty due to conflicts in the Middle East and Red Sea; new capacity in the marketplace; longer ocean transit times; strong e-commerce demand in the air market; and cautious shipper demand and variable rate stability. Future financial performance could differ materially because of factors such as: our ability to keep headcount and other costs in check while continuing to drive efficiency back towards our historical expectations; the alignment of our variable compensation structure with performance; our ability to enhance and bolster our network security; that management is able to grow the business and explore new areas for profitable growth; our ability to leverage the strength of our carrier relationships; the strength of our non-asset-based operating model; and our ability to remain a strong, healthy, unified and resilient organization. The normalizing of the supply chain at the end of the pandemic, along with geo-political risks and the current uncertainty in the global economy, could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, those related to the success of our strategy and desire to maintain historical unitary profitability, our ability to attract and retain customers, our ability to manage costs, interruptions to our information technology systems, the ability of third-party

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-24-054162_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 1015 Third Avenue Seattle, Washington 98104 CONTACTS : Jeffrey S. Musser Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3433 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2024 EPS OF $1.17 SEATTLE, WASHINGTON - May 7, 2024, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NYSE:EXPD) today announced first quarter 2024 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2023: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) decreased 19% to $1.17 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders decreased 25% to $169 million Operating Income decreased 22% to $215 million Revenues decreased 15% to $2.2 billion Airfreight tonnage volume increased 4% and ocean container volume increased 2% Air tonnage and ocean volumes increased when compared to a sluggish first quarter a year ago and breaking from a general downward slide of more than a year, said Jeffrey S. Musser, President and Chief Executive Officer. Since late 2022, we have been adjusting operations to align with a broad marketplace reset. While we are no longer experiencing anything like the widespread supply chain chaos of the pandemic, our industry remains volatile due to global conflicts, stubborn inflation, fragile economies, and uncertain demand. At the same time and despite those conditions, both air and ocean carrier capacity continue to grow, further pressuring rates that have already come down significantly from their peaks. We have adapted to this current environment by keeping headcount and other costs in check, while continuing to drive efficiency back towards our historical expectations. The ocean market, in particular, remains muted and difficult to predict. Volumes increased year-over-year and sequentially and profit-per-container in the first quarter improved, compared to the fourth quarter 2023, due to increases in average buy and sell rates. Ocean capacity continues to grow, with an increase in the number of vessels coming on-line and out of sync with demand. The air market, too, continues to add capacity, as profit-minded carriers carefully grow capacity to meet strong passenger demand, particularly for international travel, which has negatively impacted air cargo rates and our profit-per-kilo. Nevertheless, air tonnage increased year-over-year from Q1 23 and profit-per-kilo increased sequentially, as buy rates fell faster than sell rates in certain markets. Our customs brokerage and other services business declined year-over-year, but improved sequentially from Q4 23, despite fewer shipments, reflecting the ongoing softness in many of the markets we serve. To be sure, our ability to see much beyond our day-to-day levels of activity remains very difficult. As capacity is growing and rates are falling, events such as the Red Sea circumvention, the Baltimore bridge collapse, and low water levels in the Panama Canal continue to make the global freight market highly unpredictable. If current conditions represent something like a new normal for our industry, then I would say we are adapting very well. I am grateful to our dedicated workforce for re-doubling its efforts during these recent periods of seesawing volumes and rates, as we all work diligently to adjust our cost structure lower. We remain highly attuned to whatever marketplace incidents occur and are dedicated to serving our customers at the highest level. _______________________ 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, We continue to adjust to an environment of soft rates and volatile demand. Salaries and related costs fell by 8%, primarily through decreased commissions and bonuses on lower revenues and operating income, again demonstrating how our variable compensation structure aligns with performance. We reduced headcount by 7%, largely through attrition, as we remain focused on aligning headcount with tonnage and volumes shipped. The only area of increased headcount during the quarter was in information systems, as we continue to enhance and bolster our network security. While managing overall headcount, we will continue to make important investments in people, processes and technology, as well as to invest in our strategic efforts to explore new areas for profitable growth. Mr. Powell reported that the Company generated $257 million in cash flow from operations in the first quarter of 2024 and returned $361 million to shareholders via repurchases of common stock. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 176 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding inflation; fragile economies; continued growth in air and ocean carrier capacity and the impact on rates; unpredictability in the ocean and air markets, including uncertainty due to conflicts in the Middle East and Red Sea, the Baltimore bridge collapse, and low waters levels in the Panama canal; new capacity in the marketplace; cautious shipper demand and variable rate stability. Future financial performance could differ materially because of factors such as: our ability to keep headcount and other costs in check while continuing to drive efficiency back towards our historical expectations; the alignment of our variable compensation structure with performance; our ability to enhance and bolster our network security; that management is able to grow the business and explore new areas for pro

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-24-017029_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 1015 Third Avenue Seattle, Washington 98104 CONTACTS : Jeffrey S. Musser Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3433 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER 2023 EPS OF $1.09 SEATTLE, WASHINGTON - February 20, 2024, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NYSE:EXPD) today announced fourth quarter 2023 financial results including the following highlights compared to the same quarter of 2022: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) decreased 21% to $1.09 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders decreased 28% to $159 million Operating Income decreased 40% to $199 million Revenues decreased 34% to $2.3 billion Airfreight tonnage volume decreased 3% and ocean container volume decreased 10% While ocean and air markets have been recovering from the massive disruptions brought on by the global Covid-19 pandemic, we continue to face further market uncertainty due to the current conflicts in the Middle East and on the Red Sea, said Jeffrey S. Musser, President and Chief Executive Officer. Further, volumes and capacity have remained uncertain due to additional capacity recently brought into the marketplace, while shippers have cautiously sought to avoid overextending their inventory levels. These factors created an environment where rates, which had fallen fairly significantly from the pandemic period, stabilized in ocean and, in the case of air, increased in the fourth quarter of 2023. If I had to use one key word to describe the fourth quarter and all of 2023, it would be uncertainty. As a company we have continued to remain focused on bringing expenses in line with revenue, as shown by headcount reductions. Compensation remains our second largest expenditure behind freight costs and is the area where we know we can have the largest impact from the standpoint of controlling expenses. We also know that there is more work that we can and will do to control expenses moving forward. We should again caution that our business is service-based, and we rely on highly skilled individuals to support our customers. History tells us that global trade operates in cycles and that we have periods when global volumes decline, as well as periods when global volumes grow. We ve seen a year of declines in 2023, but we need to work hard to ensure that we have the right level of staffing to handle market increases and our expected growth in market share as we move forward. Managing expenses is an important role of any leadership team, but cutting expenses is only one part of effective management. Equally important is the expectation that management will grow the business. We remain committed to both. _______________________ 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, Despite reducing headcount in each quarter of 2023 and bringing costs down both sequentially and year-over-year, expenses are still high when compared to our efficiency target and we are working to bring expenses down further. Even though compensation, our largest and most variable expense, is 20% lower than the same quarter a year ago, just about everything else is more expensive. We are not as efficient as we need to be for the current environment of excess capacity, weak demand, soft rates, and economic uncertainty. We continue to be focused on further aligning headcount and overhead expenses with lower levels of transactions and volumes. At the same time, we recognize the need to be prepared when tonnage and volumes eventually begin to trend upward in a rate environment that is less volatile. Mr. Powell noted that the Company generated $1.1 billion in cash flow from operations in 2023 and returned $1.6 billion to shareholders in share repurchases and dividends. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 176 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding uncertainty in the ocean and air markets, including uncertainty due to conflicts in the Middle East and Red Sea; new capacity in the marketplace; cautious shipper demand and variable rate stability. Future financial performance could differ materially because of factors such as: our ability to reduce headcount and to control expenses and bring them in line with revenue; that volumes and tonnage will increase and that we will be able to grow in market share; that management is able to grow the business; that we are able to improve our efficiency; our ability to leverage the strength of our carrier relationships; the strength of our non-asset-based operating model; and our ability to remain a strong, healthy, unified and resilient organization. The normalizing of the supply chain at the end of the pandemic, along with the current uncertainty in the global economy, could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, those related to the success of our strategy and desire to maintain historical unitary profitability, our ability to attract and retain customers, our ability to manage costs, interruptions to our information technology systems, the ability of third-party providers to perform and potential litigation as updated by our reports on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These and other factors are discussed in the Company s regulatory filings with th

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-23-059900_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 1015 Third Avenue Seattle, Washington 98104 CONTACTS : Jeffrey S. Musser Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3433 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 EPS OF $1.16 SEATTLE, WASHINGTON - November 7, 2023, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPD) today announced third quarter 2023 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2022: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) decreased 54% to $1.16 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders decreased 59% to $171 million Operating Income decreased 59% to $216 million Revenues decreased 50% to $2.2 billion Airfreight tonnage volume decreased 14% and ocean container volume decreased 15% As expected, the deceleration in demand that we have seen since the second half of 2022 continued in the comparable third quarter of 2023, said Jeffrey S. Musser, President and Chief Executive Officer. Additionally, rates generally remained soft while capacity exceeded demand in most lanes. The shipping industry has been undergoing a great unwinding of so many of the drivers that led up to the massive mismatch of supply and demand that occurred during the pandemic. As a result, air and ocean capacity is now mostly plentiful and at rates that remain well below the pandemic period. We have also experienced declines in the number of customs brokerage transactions we handled, even as we benefited from lower costs resulting from the gradual clearing of pandemic-related port congestion. In addition, shippers continue to pivot back to ocean freight to reduce costs in an uncertain economy. We have seen shippers generally move smaller volumes in a marketplace that is defined by inflation, high energy costs, an increasingly tentative consumer, and now significant and growing geopolitical uncertainty. While we have been through many industry cycles of expansion and contraction before, the pace and extent of this unwinding has been as unpredictable and disruptive as the dislocations that drove our market to such unprecedented peaks in pricing and volumes. We are meeting these conditions head-on and have been re-balancing operations for an environment that is now more like the way things were prior to the COVID disruptions. We have made very deliberate efforts to control costs and to carefully manage our headcount; we do not know how long this cycle of cautious demand and soft rates will last in this uncertain economic environment. While not all markets are soft and rates have even increased in certain lanes, we have yet to see signs of a widespread improvement in rates. Nevertheless, we are encouraged by indications that tonnage and volumes are perhaps flattening or improving. While we continue to adjust for the current environment, we also need to be prepared for the longer term when pricing and capacity conditions stabilize and demand begins to consistently trend higher. _______________________ 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, As the market recalibrates, we are encouraged that both tonnage and volumes increased from the June quarter, marking the first sequential quarterly growth in both tons and volumes since the third quarter of 2022. So long as the economic environment remains uncertain, we will continue to focus on aligning headcount and overhead expenses commensurate with our transactions and volumes. We remain dedicated to improving efficiency, while also preparing for the time when demand shows signs of a sustained recovery. Since December 31, we have decreased headcount by 8%. We also continue to be very mindful of our strong cash position, having now returned more than $2 billion to shareholders in repurchased stock and dividends over the past 12 months. Mr. Powell noted that other overhead expenses increased $18 million in the quarter, primarily a result of $14 million in expenses related to indirect tax and other contingencies, compared to a recovery of $11 million in the third quarter of 2022 of costs incurred earlier that year as a result of the February 2022 cyber-attack. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 176 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding indications that tonnage and volumes are perhaps flattening or improving; our uncertain short-term outlook; a normalized supply chain; shippers pivoting from air freight to ocean freight; falling rates that remain well below the pandemic period; declining volumes; plentiful and in some cases excess air and ocean capacity; shipper uncertainty given the current economic outlook; rising inflation, energy and financing costs; and signs of a slowing economy and drop in demand. Future financial performance could differ materially because of factors such as: our ability to thoughtfully control our headcount and exert other efforts to align our costs; our ability to re-balance operations for an environment that is now more like the way things were prior to the COVID disruptions; our ability to improve our efficiency; our ability to predict when operating conditions may eventually stabilize and demand and volumes begin to recover and grow; our ability to leverage the strength of our carrier relationships; the strength of our non-asset-based operating model; our ability to align expenses with revenues and to enhance our pr

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-23-039550_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 1015 Third Avenue Seattle, Washington 98104 CONTACTS : Jeffrey S. Musser Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3433 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS SECOND QUARTER 2023 EPS OF $1.30 SEATTLE, WASHINGTON - August 8, 2023, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPD) today announced second quarter 2023 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2022: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) decreased 43% to $1.30 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders decreased 48% to $197 million Operating Income decreased 51% to $248 million Revenues decreased 51% to $2.2 billion Airfreight tonnage volume decreased 15% and ocean container volume decreased 13% The freight marketplace has continued to reset and has reverted closer to pre-pandemic levels of activity, said Jeffrey S. Musser, President and Chief Executive Officer. Average buy and sell rates in the second quarter are still above their pre-COVID levels but are falling, and volumes have continued to decline at the same time that air capacity has scaled up and ocean capacity is readily available. Pricing is becoming a more critical determining factor to shippers the further away we get from the severe supply chain disruptions brought on by the pandemic, which impacted revenues this quarter, primarily in our air and ocean businesses. There is now ample and, in some cases, excess capacity in both air and ocean freight, as global supply chain congestion of recent years has effectively disappeared. With the return of passenger belly space, total air cargo capacity now exceeds pre-pandemic levels. Driven by robust passenger demand, carriers continue to bring new and idled aircraft back into service, which is coupled with persistent higher utilization of freighter capacity compared to pre-pandemic levels. Despite increased air capacity, shippers face uncertain demand for their products, as consumers remain cautious amidst declines in their purchasing power. In that regard, second-quarter operating conditions were very much a continuation of what we experienced in the immediately prior two quarters. Ocean buy and sell rates also have continued to fall significantly for the third consecutive quarter as capacity exceeded demand despite carrier efforts to rationalize the availability of space. Our customs brokerage fees and Transcon revenue also were lower due to declines in volumes. Looking forward, we will continue to thoughtfully manage down our headcount and exert other efforts to align our costs with these lower levels of demand. In many ways, current conditions are very much the reverse of what we experienced in the early days of the pandemic, as the current marketplace shifts to a lower gear on increased capacity and falling rates and demand. We do not see those conditions changing meaningfully before the end of the current year. Shippers are cautious, the economy remains uncertain, and carrier capacity does not adequately reflect the current levels of marketplace demand. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, It is critical that while we keep costs in check, we also prepare ourselves for the future when operating conditions eventually stabilize and demand and volumes begin to recover and grow. While focused on controlling and carefully managing our cash, we still were able _______________________ 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. to return $1 billion to shareholders in repurchased stock and dividends paid out during the first six months of the year, and more than $2.1 billion over the past 12 months. While our first priority always is to invest in the growth of our business, we will continue to focus on controlling costs, improving operational efficiencies, and returning capital to investors as we have done for more than 40 years. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 176 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding our uncertain short-term outlook; a normalized supply chain; increased air capacity due to robust passenger demand; falling rates; declining volumes; sufficient and in some cases excess air and ocean capacity; shipper uncertainty given the current economic outlook; rising inflation and financing costs; and signs of a slowing economy and drop in demand. Future financial performance could differ materially because of factors such as: our ability to thoughtfully manage down our headcount and exert other efforts to align our costs; our ability to predict when operating conditions may eventually stabilize and demand and volumes begin to recover and grow; our ability to leverage the strength of our carrier relationships; the strength of our non-asset-based operating model; our ability to align expenses with revenues and to enhance our productivity; our ability to maintain our existing accounts and gain new business; our ability to invest in our strategic efforts to explore new areas for profitable growth; and our ability to remain a strong, healthy, unified and resilient organization. The normalizing of the supply chain at the end of the pandemic, along with the current uncertainty in the global economy, could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, those related to the success of our strategy and des

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-23-016574_991.htm ===
EX-99 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 1015 Third Avenue Seattle, Washington 98104 CONTACTS : Jeffrey S. Musser Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3433 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2023 EPS OF $1.45 SEATTLE, WASHINGTON - May 2, 2023, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPD) today announced first quarter 2023 financial results including the following comparisons to the same quarter of 2022: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) decreased 29% to $1.45 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders decreased 35% to $226 million Operating Income decreased 40% to $276 million Revenues decreased 44% to $2.6 billion Airfreight tonnage volume decreased 6% and ocean container volume decreased 26% Operating conditions during the first quarter of 2023 were very similar to what we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2022, when shippers swiftly adapted to increased consumer caution and slowing demand for their products, while also battling inflation and tighter financing, said Jeffrey S. Musser, President and Chief Executive Officer. Our business continued to be impacted by comparatively soft demand, along with significantly reduced buy and sell rates relative to what we experienced during the pandemic. We are adapting and working diligently to bring expenses in line with lower revenue by lowering headcount and payroll expenses without resorting to layoffs. Following the steep drop in volumes and rates in the fourth quarter, the economic challenges continued to impact all of our businesses during the first quarter. With supply chains largely normalized, average sell rates in air fell ahead of declining buy rates, and tonnage also declined. Ocean volumes were lower and sell rates also fell faster than buy rates, while carrier capacity is no longer constrained and schedules have become more regular. Revenues in Customs Brokerage and Other Services also declined and expenses were significantly lower compared to a year ago because supply-chain congestion largely cleared and there were fewer costs incurred related to the February 2022 cyber-attack. Throughout our long history, we have demonstrated an ability to adapt to change. Wherever we look, there is uncertainty with the global economy and our industry is now very far removed from the pandemic days when capacity was extremely constrained and the ports were gridlocked. For the time being, everyone from ocean and air carriers to shippers are highly focused on everything impacting their bottom line, including the cost of moving goods. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, We are adjusting well to the current operating environment of lower tonnage and volumes and unpredictable buy and sell rates, and we are working diligently to gain efficiencies and bring expenses in line with revenue. Compared to the year-ago period, which was significantly impacted by the February 2022 cyber-attack, salaries and related costs decreased 17% on lower commissions and bonuses as a result of lower revenues and operating income. Those cost decreases demonstrate the power behind our incentive-based compensation structure, which rewards our people when financial results are strong, and naturally incentivizes them to make adjustments based on volumes and improve efficiency when financial results are less robust. We continue to carefully monitor cash flow from operations, which exceeded $546 million in the first quarter of 2023, and we returned $213 million to shareholders via repurchases of common stock. _______________________ 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 176 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding our uncertain short-term outlook; a normalized supply chain; softening demand; pressure on buy and sell rates; an increasingly fragile global economy; rising inflation and financing costs; and signs of a slowing economy and drop in demand. Future financial performance could differ materially because of factors such as: our ability to leverage the strength of our carrier relationships; the strength of our non-asset-based operating model; our expectation that pressure on rates may continue; our ability to align expenses with revenues and to enhance our productivity; our ability to maintain our existing accounts and gain new business; our ability to invest in our strategic efforts to explore new areas for profitable growth; and our ability to remain a strong, healthy, unified and resilient organization. The normalizing of the supply chain at the end of the pandemic, along with the current uncertainty in the global economy, could have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, those related to the success of our strategy and desire to maintain historical unitary profitability, our ability to attract and retain customers, our ability to manage costs, interruptions to our information technology systems, the ability of third-party providers to perform and potential litigation as updated by our reports on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These and other factors are discussed in the Company s regulatory filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those in Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Company s Annual Report on Form 1

=== [ER] edgar_0000950170-23-003378_991.htm ===
EX-99 2 expd-ex99_1.htm EX-99.1 EX-99 Exhibit 99.1 EARNINGS RELEASE By: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 1015 Third Avenue Seattle, Washington 98104 CONTACTS : Jeffrey S. Musser Bradley S. Powell Geoffrey Buscher President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director - Investor Relations (206) 674-3433 (206) 674-3412 (206) 892-4510 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE EXPEDITORS REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER 2022 EPS OF $1.38 SEATTLE, WASHINGTON - February 21, 2023, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPD) today announced fourth quarter 2022 financial results including the following highlights compared to the same quarter of 2021: Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders per share (EPS 1 ) decreased 48% to $1.38 Net Earnings Attributable to Shareholders decreased 52% to $219 million Operating Income decreased 47% to $330 million Revenues decreased 36% to $3.4 billion Airfreight tonnage volume decreased 20% and ocean container volume decreased 15% As pandemic-related bottlenecks eased and air and ocean supply/demand imbalances began to dissipate in the first half of the year, average buy and sell rates progressively declined to varying degrees, as they typically do until they suddenly began to plummet simultaneously and faster than we would have expected in the fourth quarter, said Jeffrey S. Musser, President and Chief Executive Officer. The rapid turnaround in Q4 was stunning and unparalleled. Fourth quarter demand also was softer than we would have expected, particularly in retail and high tech, Musser continued. Many shippers had stockpiled inventory and pulled orders forward early in 2022, in a concerted effort to avoid the worst of the supply chain bottlenecks that materialized during the pandemic, when abrupt shutdowns and stay-at-home orders transformed how we live and do business. Those conditions, which were already starting to ease throughout the first three quarters of 2022, quickly reversed course as we entered the fourth quarter and shippers swiftly adapted to increased consumer caution and slowing demand for their products, while also battling inflation and tighter financing. We were especially impacted in North Asia, our second largest geography, as the lingering effects of the lockdowns contributed to the largest declines in our air tonnage and ocean volumes in at least a decade. I am extremely grateful to our people, who continued to perform at their very best as they have throughout the many significant challenges we have faced over the past couple of years. We recognize that the pandemic tailwind is gone and we are now in a marketplace in which the supply chain appears to have largely normalized. Nevertheless, a level of uncertainty remains and shippers are prioritizing cost controls as they scramble to adapt to an increasingly fragile global economy. While we remain very optimistic about the future, our short-term outlook is somewhat uncertain due to a difficult economic environment and the resetting of supply and demand, which has a direct impact on available capacity and pricing. We plan to move forward with a sharp eye on aligning expenses with revenues, particularly over the next one or two quarters. Our focus will be on maintaining our existing accounts and gaining new business, while reducing overall expenses. Just as we quickly configured our operations to accommodate unprecedented chaos and complexity during the pandemic, we now need to address our operations for a post-pandemic environment of soft demand and pressured pricing. _______________________ 1 Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders per share. NOTE: See Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements in this release. Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, added, This quarter was heavily impacted by a rapid reversal from the most robust operating environment we have ever seen. Economic uncertainty, government actions directed at trying to tame inflation, and severe challenges to the global supply chain gave way to sharply decelerating volumes along with a swift and simultaneous falloff in buy/sell rates. Such quickly evolving operating conditions impacted our results for the quarter, as did year-over-year comparisons to strong results in 2021. In addition, earnings before income taxes were impacted by an increase in discretionary field and branch bonuses that were awarded at year-end within our district incentive compensation program, as well as the recording of a non-income tax contingency, which on a combined basis totaled approximately $81 million. Our teams around the world worked well managing through significant challenges in 2022 always with careful attention to cash flow. Our cash flow from operations exceeded $2.1 billion in 2022 and we returned $1.8 billion to shareholders via repurchases of common stock and dividends. Mr. Powell noted that the Company s annual effective tax rate for 2022 was 25.9%, compared to 26.3% in 2021. The fourth quarter of 2022 effective tax rate was 33.1%, compared to 27.5% in the year-ago quarter. The increase is primarily due to a change in the amount of foreign taxes incurred net of available foreign tax credits. Expeditors is a global logistics company headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The Company employs trained professionals in 176 district offices and numerous branch locations located on six continents linked into a seamless worldwide network through an integrated information management system. Services include the consolidation or forwarding of air and ocean freight, customs brokerage, vendor consolidation, cargo insurance, time-definite transportation, order management, warehousing and distribution and customized logistics solutions. Disclaimer on Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this news release are forward-looking statements, based on management s views with respect to future events and underlying assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding our optimism regarding the future and our uncertain short-term outlook; a normalized supply chain; softening demand; pressure on buy and sell rates; the continued unsettled operating environment due to uncertain air and ocean capacity; an increasingly fragile global economy; trade disruptions; rising fuels costs; the conflict in Ukraine; inflation, high energy costs, government fiscal and monetary measures, and signs of a s

=== [ER] edgar_0001564590-22-036952_991.htm ===
expd-8k_20221108.htm false 0000746515 0000746515 2022-11-08 2022-11-08 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report: November 8, 2022 (Date of earliest event reported) EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Washington 000-13468 91-1069248 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File No.) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 1015 Third Avenue , Seattle , Washington ( 206 ) 674-3400 98104 (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) (Zip Code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share EXPD NASDAQ Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On November 8, 2022, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc., a Washington corporation, issued a press release announcing third quarter 2022 financial results. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) The following items are filed as exhibits to this report: 99.1 Press release, dated November 8, 2022 issued by Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. November 8, 2022 /S/ Bradley S. Powell Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

=== [ER] edgar_0001564590-22-027382_991.htm ===
expd-8k_20220802.htm false 0000746515 0000746515 2022-08-02 2022-08-02 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report: August 2, 2022 (Date of earliest event reported) EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Washington 000-13468 91-1069248 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File No.) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 1015 Third Avenue , Seattle , Washington ( 206 ) 674-3400 98104 (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) (Zip Code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share EXPD NASDAQ Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On August 2, 2022, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc., a Washington corporation, issued a press release announcing second quarter 2022 financial results. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) The following items are filed as exhibits to this report: 99.1 Press release, dated August 2, 2022 issued by Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. August 2, 2022 /S/ Bradley S. Powell Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

=== [ER] edgar_0001564590-22-017303_991.htm ===
expd-8k_20220503.htm false 0000746515 0000746515 2022-05-03 2022-05-03 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report: May 3, 2022 (Date of earliest event reported) EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Washington 000-13468 91-1069248 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File No.) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 1015 Third Avenue , Seattle , Washington ( 206 ) 674-3400 98104 (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) (Zip Code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share EXPD NASDAQ Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On May 3, 2022, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc., a Washington corporation, issued a press release announcing first quarter 2022 financial results. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) The following items are filed as exhibits to this report: 99.1 Press release, dated May 3, 2022 issued by Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. May 3, 2022 /S/ Bradley S. Powell Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

=== [ER] edgar_0001564590-22-005875_991.htm ===
expd-8k_20220222.htm false 0000746515 0000746515 2022-02-22 2022-02-22 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report: February 22, 2022 (Date of earliest event reported) EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Washington 000-13468 91-1069248 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File No.) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 1015 Third Avenue , Seattle , Washington ( 206 ) 674-3400 98104 (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) (Zip Code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share EXPD NASDAQ Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On February 22, 2022, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc., a Washington corporation, issued a press release announcing December 31, 2021 financial results. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) The following items are filed as exhibits to this report: 99.1 Press release, dated February 22, 2022 issued by Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. February 22, 2022 /S/ Bradley S. Powell Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

=== [ER] edgar_0001564590-21-053373_991.htm ===
expd-8k_20211102.htm false 0000746515 0000746515 2021-11-02 2021-11-02 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report: November 2, 2021 (Date of earliest event reported) EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Washington 000-13468 91-1069248 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File No.) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 1015 Third Avenue , Seattle , Washington ( 206 ) 674-3400 98104 (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) (Zip Code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share EXPD NASDAQ Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On November 2, 2021, Expeditors International of Washington, Inc., a Washington corporation, issued a press release announcing third quarter 2021 financial results. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) The following items are filed as exhibits to this report: 99.1 Press release, dated November 2, 2021 issued by Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. November 2, 2021 /S/ Bradley S. Powell Bradley S. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

=== [ER] edgar_0001564590-21-040155_991.htm ===
expd-8k_20210803.htm false 0000746515 0000746515 2021-08-03 2021-08-03 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report: August 3, 2021 (Date of earliest event reported) EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Washington 000-13468 91-1069248 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File No.) (IRS Employer Identification Nu