=== FICO_2025-11-07.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Business, Market and Strategy Risks We may not be successful in executing the business strategy for our Software segment, which could cause our growth prospects and results of operations to suffer. We have increasingly focused our Software segment’s business strategy on investing significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on FICO ® Platform, our modular software offering designed to enable advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. This business strategy is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple connectable and extensible products to clients, and to allow our clients to more easily expand their usage and the use cases they enable over time. The market may be unreceptive to our general business approach, including being unreceptive to our cloud-based offerings and unreceptive to purchasing multiple products from us. As we continue to pursue this business strategy, we may experience volatility in our Software segment’s revenues and operating results caused by various factors, including the differences in revenue recognition treatment and timing between our cloud-based offerings and on-premises software licenses, the timing of investments and other expenditures necessary to develop and operate our cloud-based offerings, and the adoption of new sales, delivery and distribution methods. If this business strategy is not successful, we may not be able to grow our Software segment’s business, growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate, or revenues and profits may decline. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of products and services, and if the market does not continue to accept these products and services, our revenues will decline. We expect that revenues derived from our scoring solutions, fraud solutions, customer communication services, customer management solutions and decision management software will continue to account for a substantial portion of our total revenues for the foreseeable future. Our revenues will decline if the market does not continue to accept these products and services. Factors that might affect the market acceptance of these products and services include the following: • changes in the business analytics industry; • changes in technology, including increased use of artificial intelligence (“AI”); • our inability to obtain or use key data for our products; • saturation or contraction of market demand; • loss of key customers; • industry consolidation; • failure to successfully adopt cloud-based technologies; • our inability to obtain regulatory approvals for our products and services, including credit score models; • the increasing availability of free or relatively inexpensive consumer credit, credit score and other information from public or commercial sources, including those that use AI technologies; • failure to execute our selling approach; and • inability to successfully sell our products in new vertical markets. Our ability to increase our revenues depends to some extent upon introducing new products and services, upon introducing enhancements and improvements to existing products and services and upon entering new markets for products and services. If we are unable to successfully develop, or if the marketplace does not accept, new, enhanced or improved products and services, or if we experience defects, failures or delays associated with the introduction of new, enhanced or improved products or services, our business could suffer serious harm. 17 Table of Contents Our revenue growth and the success of our business strategy depend upon our ability to enhance and improve existing products and services, and to continue to introduce new products and services that keep pace with technological developments, satisfy increasingly sophisticated customer requirements and achieve market acceptance. If we are unable to develop new, enhanced or improved products and services, including those that utilize AI technologies, or if we are not successful in introducing such products and services, we may not be able to grow our business or growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate. In addition, significant undetected errors or delays in new products or new versions of products may affect market acceptance of our products and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the past, we have experienced delays while developing and introducing new products and product enhancements, primarily due to difficulties developing models, acquiring data, and adapting to particular software operating environments and certain client or other systems. We have also experienced errors or “bugs” in our software products, despite testing prior to release of the products. These errors could affect the ability of our products to work with other hardware or software products, could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products, and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products. Errors or defects in our products that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection of our products, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, diversion of development resources, an increase in product liability claims, and increases in service and support costs and warranty claims. Our use of AI in the development of our products and our incorporation of AI features into some of our products could introduce errors, defects, or delays impacting our ability to successfully develop new products. We also believe that much of the future growth of our business and the success of our business strategy may depend on our ability to continue to expand into newer markets for our products and services. Such areas are relatively new to our product development and sales and marketing personnel. Products and services that we plan to market in the future are in various stages of development. If these newer markets are not willing to adopt our products and services, either as a result of the quality of these products and services or due to other factors, such as economic conditions, our revenues may decrease. We rely on relatively few customers, as well as our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies, for a significant portion of our revenues and profits. Many of our customers are significantly larger than we are and may have greater bargaining power. The businesses of our largest customers depend, in large part, on favorable macroeconomic conditions. If these customers are negatively impacted by weak global economic conditions, global economic volatility or the terms of these relationships otherwise change, our revenues and operating results could decline. Most of our customers are relatively large enterprises, such as banks, credit card issuers, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers, automotive lenders, consumer reporting agencies, public agencies, and organizations in other industries. As a result, many of our customers and potential customers are significantly larger than we are and may have sufficient bargaining power to demand reduced prices and favorable nonstandard terms. In addition, the U.S. and other key international economies periodically experience downturns in which economic activity is impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, increased volatility of interest rates, fluctuating rates of inflation, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, trade policies and tariffs, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. The potential for economic disruption presents considerable risks to our business, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions with which we have substantial relationships. Economic disruption could result in a decline in the sales of new products to our customers and the volume of transactions that we execute for existing customers. In addition, the volume of our Scores sales depends heavily on macroeconomic conditions, including, for example, the volume of transactions in the U.S. mortgage and credit card markets, which account for a significant portion of the revenues in our Scores segment. We also derive a substantial portion of our Scores segment revenues and operating income from our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies in the U.S., Experian, TransUnion and Equifax, and other parties that distribute our products to certain markets. The loss of or a significant change in a relationship with one of the three consumer reporting agencies with respect to their distribution of our products or with respect to our myFICO ® offerings, the loss of or a significant change in a relationship with a major customer, the loss of or a significant change in a relationship with a significant third-party distributor (including payment card processors), or the loss of or delay of significant revenues from these sources, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Our revenues depend, to a great extent, upon conditions in the banking (including consumer credit) industry. If our clients’ industry experiences uncertainty, it will likely harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. During fiscal 2025, 92% of our revenues were derived from sales of products and services to the banking industry. Periods of global economic uncertainty experienced in the past have produced substantial stress, volatility, illiquidity and disruption of global credit and other financial markets, resulting in the bankruptcy or acquisition of, or government assistance to, several major domestic and international financial institutions. The potential for future stress and disruptions, including in connection with geopolitical tensions, military conflicts, trade policies and tariffs, the level of inflation and the volatility of interest rates, presents considerable risks to our businesses and operations. These risks include potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions, many of which are our customers. Such disruption would result in a decline in the revenue we receive from financial and other institutions. In addition, if consumer demand for financial services and products and the number of credit applications decrease, the demand for our products and services could also be materially reduced. These types of disruptions could lead to a decline in the volumes of products and services we provide our customers and could negatively impact our revenue and results of operations. While the rate of account growth in the U.S. banking industry has been slow, we have generated most of our revenue growth in the banking industry by selling and cross-selling our products and services to large banks and other credit issuers. If the banking industry experiences contraction in the number of participating institutions, we may have fewer opportunities for revenue growth due to reduced or changing demand for our products and services that support customer acquisition programs of our customers. In addition, industry contraction could affect the base of recurring revenues derived from contracts in which we are paid on a per-transaction basis as formerly separate customers combine their operations under one contract. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent future revenue contraction or effectively promote future revenue growth in our businesses. While we expand our sales into international markets, the risks are greater as some of these markets have experienced and may in the future experience substantial disruption and we are less well-known in them. If use of the FICO ® Score by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were to cease or decline, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and stock price. A significant portion of our revenues in our Scores segment is attributable to the U.S. mortgage market, which includes, for mortgages eligible for purchase by The Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”) and The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”), a requirement by those enterprises that U.S. lenders provide FICO ® Scores for each mortgage delivered to them. However, their continued use of the FICO Score is subject to ongoing validation and approval by those enterprises and the Federal Housing Finance Agency (“FHFA”). If other credit score models are approved for use with mortgages delivered to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, or the FICO Score is not approved for continued use with those mortgages, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and stock price. Other changes implemented by FHFA, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac could also affect the demand for FICO Scores and thus could have similar adverse effects on our business, including, for example, the change announced by the FHFA Director in July 2025 permitting mortgage originators to choose the credit score they submit with mortgages delivered to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or a potential future change permitting mortgage originators to underwrite loans using credit scores from fewer than three national consumer reporting agencies. The ability of our FICO Score to compete effectively in the U.S. mortgage market may be constrained by the pricing and other business practices of the consumer reporting agencies, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and stock price. We are subject to significant competition in the markets in which we operate, and our products and pricing strategies, and those of our competitors, could decrease our product sales and market share. Demand for our products and services may be sensitive to product and pricing changes we implement, and our product and pricing strategies may not be accepted by the market. If our customers fail to accept our product and pricing strategies, our revenues, results of operations and business may suffer. The market for our solutions is intensely competitive and is constantly changing, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. Our regional and global competitors vary in size and in the scope of the products and services they offer, and include: • in-house analytic and systems developers; • developers and providers of neural networks, machine learning, and AI systems; • fraud solutions providers; • scoring model builders; • providers of credit reports and credit scores, including consumer reporting agencies; • software companies supplying predictive analytic modeling, rules, or analytic development tools; 19 Table of Contents • entity resolution and social network analysis solutions providers; • providers of customer engagement and risk management solutions; • providers of account workflow management software; • business process management and decision rules management providers; • enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management solutions providers; • business intelligence solutions providers; • providers of automated application processing services; and • third-party professional services and consulting organizations. We expect to experience additional competition from other established and emerging companies. This could include customers of ours that develop their own scoring models or other products, and as a result no longer purchase or reduce their purchases from us. We also expect to experience competition from other technologies. For example, certain of our fraud solutions products compete against other methods of preventing payment card fraud, such as cardholder verification and authentication solutions; mobile device payments and associated biometric measures on devices including fingerprint and face matching; and other card authorization and user verification techniques. Many of our existing and anticipated competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, professional services and other resources than we do, and industry consolidation is creating even larger competitors in many of our markets. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources than we can to develop, promote and sell their products. Many of these companies have extensive customer relationships, including relationships with many of our current and potential customers. For example, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax have formed a joint venture that is selling a credit scoring product competitive with our products. Furthermore, new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. If we are unable to respond as quickly or effectively to changes in customer requirements as our competition, our ability to expand our business and sell our products will be negatively affected. Our competitors may be able to sell existing or new products competitive to ours at lower prices individually or as part of integrated suites of several related products. This ability may cause our customers to purchase products that directly compete with our products from our competitors, which could decrease our product sales and market share. Price reductions by our competitors could pressure us to reduce our product prices in a manner that negatively impacts our margins and could also harm our ability to obtain new long-term contracts and renewals of existing long-term contracts on favorable terms. We rely on relationships with third parties for marketing, distribution and certain services. If we experience difficulties in these relationships, including competition from these third parties, our future revenues may be adversely affected. Many of our products are sold by distributors or partners, and we intend to continue to market and distribute our products through these existing distributor and partner relationships, as well as invest resources to develop additional sales, distribution and marketing relationships. For example, our Scores segment relies on, among others, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. Failure of our existing and future distributors or partners to generate significant revenues or otherwise perform their expected services or functions, demands by such distributors or partners to change the terms on which they offer our products, or our failure to establish additional distribution or sales and marketing alliances, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, certain of our distributors and partners presently compete with us and may compete with us in the future, either by developing competitive products themselves or by distributing competitive offerings. For example, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax have developed a credit scoring product to compete directly with our products and are actively selling that product. Competition from distributors or other sales and marketing partners could significantly harm sales of our products and services. We will continue to rely upon proprietary technology rights, and if we are unable to protect them, our business could be harmed. 20 Table of Contents Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. To date, we have relied primarily on a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws, and nondisclosure and other contractual restrictions on copying and distribution, to protect our proprietary technology. This protection of our proprietary technology is limited, and our proprietary technology could be used by others without our consent. In addition, patents may not be issued with respect to our pending or future patent applications, and our patents may not be upheld as valid or may not prevent the development of competitive products. Any disclosure, loss, invalidity of, or failure to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our competitive position, and ultimately, our business. The extent to which our intellectual property rights can be protected differs by jurisdiction, and is rapidly evolving with respect to AI technologies. There can be no assurance that our protection of our intellectual property rights in the U.S. or abroad will be adequate or that others, including our competitors, will not use our proprietary technology without our consent. Furthermore, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. Some of our technologies were developed under research projects conducted under agreements with various U.S. government agencies or subcontractors. Although we have commercial rights to these technologies, the U.S. government typically retains ownership of intellectual property rights and licenses in the technologies developed by us under these contracts, and in some cases can terminate our rights in these technologies if we fail to commercialize them on a timely basis. Under these contracts with the U.S. government, the results of research may be made public by the government, limiting our competitive advantage with respect to future products based on our research. If we fail to keep up with rapidly changing technologies, our products could become less competitive or obsolete. In our markets, technology changes rapidly, and there are continuous improvements in computer hardware, network operating systems, programming tools, programming languages, operating systems, database technologies, cloud-based technologies and the use of the Internet. For example, AI technologies, including generative AI, and their use are currently undergoing rapid change. If we fail to enhance our current products and develop new products in response to changes in technology or industry standards, or if we fail to bring product enhancements or new product developments to market quickly enough, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to: • innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies; • use leading third-party technologies effectively; • continue to develop our technical expertise; • anticipate and effectively respond to changing customer needs; • initiate new product introductions in a way that minimizes the impact of customers delaying purchases of existing products in anticipation of new product releases; and • influence and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes, including relating to AI. Our reengineering efforts may cause our growth prospects and profitability to suffer. As part of our management approach, we pursue ongoing reengineering efforts designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. Our reengineering efforts may not be successful over the long term should we fail to reduce expenses or increase revenues to anticipated levels or at all. If our reengineering efforts are not successful over the long term, our revenues, results of operations and business may suffer. If we are unable to access new markets or develop new sales and distribution channels, our business and growth prospects could suffer. We expect our future growth to depend, in part, on the sale of products and service solutions in industries and markets we do not currently serve. We also expect to grow our business by delivering our solutions through additional sales and distribution channels. If we fail to penetrate these industries and markets to the degree we anticipate, or if we fail to develop additional sales and distribution channels, we may not be able to grow our business, growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate, or our revenues and profits may decline. 21 Table of Contents Our acquisition activities may disrupt our ongoing business and may involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals contemplated at the time of a transaction. We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, companies, businesses, products, services and technologies. Acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: • our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management’s attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition or integration activities; • an acquisition may not further our business strategy as we expected, we may not integrate acquired operations, systems or technology as successfully as we expected or we may overpay for our investments, or otherwise not realize the expected return, which could adversely affect our business or operating results; • we may be unable to retain the key employees, customers and other business partners of the acquired operation; • we may have difficulties entering new markets where we have no or limited direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; • our operating results or financial condition may be adversely impacted by known or unknown contingent liabilities, other liabilities or claims we assume in an acquisition or that are imposed on us as a result of an acquisition, including claims by government agencies or authorities, terminated employees, current or former customers, former stockholders or other third parties; • we could incur material charges in connection with the impairment of goodwill or other assets that we acquire; • a company that we acquire may have experienced a security incident that it has yet to discover, investigate and remediate, may have other cybersecurity vulnerabilities, or may have unsophisticated security measures, any of which we might not identify in a timely manner and which could spread more broadly to other parts of our company during the integration effort; • we may incur material charges as a result of acquisition costs or costs incurred in combining and/or operating the acquired business that are greater than anticipated; • we may not realize the anticipated increase in our revenues from an acquisition for a number of reasons, including if a larger than predicted number of customers decline to renew their contracts, if we are unable to incorporate the acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines in a uniform manner, if we are unable to sell the acquired products to our customer base or if contract models of an acquired company or changes in accounting treatment do not allow us to recognize revenues on a timely basis; • our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases, and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; and • to the extent we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. Because acquisitions are inherently risky, our transactions may not be successful and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Acquisitions of businesses having a significant presence outside the U.S. will increase our exposure to the risks of conducting operations in international markets. There can be no assurance that strategic divestitures will provide business benefits. As part of our strategy, we continuously evaluate our portfolio of businesses. As a result of these reviews, we have made decisions to divest certain products and lines of business, and we may do so again in the future. These divestitures involve risks, including: • disruption of our operations or businesses; • reductions of our revenues or earnings per share; • difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel; • failure to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to a purchaser; • divestiture terms that contain potential future purchase price adjustments or require that assets or liabilities be divested, managed or run off separately; • diversion of management's attention from our other businesses; • the potential loss of key personnel; • adverse effects on relationships with our customers, suppliers or their businesses; • the erosion of employee morale or customer confidence; and 22 Table of Contents • the retention of contingent liabilities and the possibility that we will become subject to third-party claims related to the divested business. If we do not successfully manage the risks associated with divestitures, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected as the potential strategic benefits may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected. Our revenues, results of operations and overall financial performance may be negatively impacted by health epidemics or other disease outbreaks. Our customers, and therefore our business and revenues, are sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions and lending activities. Health epidemics or disease outbreaks could impact the rate of spending on our solutions and could adversely affect our customers’ ability or willingness to purchase our products and services, cause prospective customers to change product selections or term commitments, delay or cancel their purchasing decisions, extend sales cycles, and potentially increase payment defaults, all of which could adversely affect our future revenues, results of operations and overall financial performance. Operational Risks If our cybersecurity measures are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or consumer data is otherwise obtaine

=== FICO_2026-04-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 (our “Annual Report on Form 10-K”). The risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be insignificant also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results in the future. There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) January 1, 2026 through January 31, 2026 49,657 $ 1,587.53 49,090 $ 103,013,127 February 1, 2026 through February 28, 2026 76,161 $ 1,355.00 75,901 $ 1,488,641,912 March 1, 2026 through March 31, 2026 358,944 $ 1,183.53 358,865 $ 1,063,943,242 484,762 $ 1,251.86 483,856 $ 1,063,943,242 (1) Includes 906 shares delivered in satisfaction of the tax withholding obligations resulting from the vesting of restricted stock units held by employees during the quarter ended March 31, 2026. (2) In June 2025, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the “June 2025 program”), replacing our previously authorized July 2024 stock repurchase program, which was terminated prior to its expiration. The June 2025 program was open-ended and authorized repurchases of shares of our common stock from time to time up to an aggregate cost of $1.0 billion in the open market or in negotiated transactions. In February 2026, our Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program (the “February 2026 program”), replacing the June 2025 program, which was terminated prior to its expiration. The February 2026 program is open-ended and authorizes repurchases of shares of our common stock from time to time up to an aggregate cost of $1.5 billion in the open market or in negotiated transactions. The February 2026 program remains in effect until the total authorized amount is expended or until further action by our Board of Directors. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 32 Table of Contents Item 5. Other Information Trading Arrangements On March 19, 2026 , Eva Manolis , a member of our Board of Directors , entered into a pre-arranged trading plan that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. This plan provides for the sale of up to 1,934 shares of our common stock and terminates on the earlier of the close of business on March 4, 2027 or the date all shares are sold thereunder. On March 26, 2026 , William Lansing , our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors , terminated the pre-arranged trading plan that he had entered into on November 20, 2025 and that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act. This plan provided for the sale by Mr. Lansing and the Lansing Revocable Trust of up to 47,904 shares of our common stock, plus a number of shares of our common stock resulting from the vesting of up to 7,829 shares minus the number of shares ultimately withheld for tax withholding purposes, and was originally scheduled to terminate on the earlier of the close of business on December 18, 2026 or the date all shares were sold thereunder. 33 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Fair Isaac Corporation, dated March 4, 2026. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2026.) 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Fair Isaac Corporation dated March 4, 2026. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2026.) 3.3 By-laws of Fair Isaac Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009.) 4.1 Indenture dated as of March 20, 2026, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, which includes the form of 6.250% Senior Notes due 2034. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed March 20, 2026.) 31.1 * Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of CEO. 31.2 * Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of CFO. 32.1 ** Section 1350 Certification of CEO. 32.2 ** Section 1350 Certification of CFO. 101.INS * Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE * Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 * Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. 34 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION DATE: April 28, 2026 By /s/ STEVEN P. WEBER Steven P. Weber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (for Registrant as duly authorized officer and as Principal Financial Officer) DATE: April 28, 2026 By /s/ MICHAEL S. LEONARD Michael S. Leonard Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 35 