=== MO_2026-04-02.htm.gz ===
Altria Group, Inc. DEF 14A 0000764180 false 0000764180 6 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000764180 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000764180 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000764180 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000764180 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000764180 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Altria Group, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents E-Delivery Help Us Help The Environment We encourage all shareholders to voluntarily elect to receive proxy materials electronically. This helps reduce the paper mailed to you and supports our goal of minimizing our environmental footprint. Sign Up For E-Delivery At Proxyvote.com Benefits of E-Delivery: Please have your control number available. immediate and convenient access to the materials helps us reduce our impact on the environment helps us reduce our printing and mailing costs Our Vision At Altria, we are Moving Beyond Smoking by responsibly: Transitioning adult smokers to a smoke-free future Competing vigorously for existing smoke-free adult nicotine consumers Exploring new growth opportunities beyond the U.S. and beyond nicotine For decades we have been leaders in the tobacco industry, but the industry is evolving and so are we. There are 55 million U.S. adult nicotine consumers 21+ today, and more than ever they seek smoke-free options that fit their lifestyles. We are here to meet that demand, making a meaningful impact in harm reduction while delivering products people love. We believe this is a transformative business opportunity for us. We want to be the leader in nicotine enjoyment for adults. This means that we will continue to lead in traditional tobacco categories, including cigarettes. But we are thinking bigger beyond smoking. We believe adult nicotine consumers deserve options options that satisfy and delight them, that keep pace with evolving expectations, and that can potentially reduce risk. Adult nicotine consumers deserve accurate information so they can make informed choices. We intend to deliver compelling, innovative smoke-free products and brands across e-vapor, oral nicotine pouches and heated tobacco. In each of these categories we will fight hard to earn consumer loyalty, grow our share and win. We will help transition adult smokers to a smoke-free future, and we will vigorously compete for existing smoke-free adult nicotine consumers. With urgency, determination, and a commitment to responsibility, we will strive to shape the future of nicotine enjoyment. We are also exploring new growth opportunities beyond the U.S. and beyond nicotine. We believe the capabilities we have built over decades of leadership in the nicotine space equip us to excel in other categories as well. 6601 West Broad Street Richmond, Virginia 23230 Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Date and Time Thursday, May 14, 2026 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time. Virtual Meeting Site Shareholders may attend virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ALTRIA2026. Record Date You are entitled to vote if you were a shareholder of record at the close of business on March 25, 2026. Items of Business Board Recommendation Read More Proposal 1 To elect as directors the 10 nominees named in the accompanying Proxy Statement. FOR each nominee Page 27 Proposal 2 To ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Altria s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. FOR Page 36 Proposal 3 To hold a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of Altria s named executive officers. FOR Page 74 Shareholders will also act on other business that properly comes before the meeting, if any. Attending the Meeting - For instructions on attending the meeting, please see Instructions for the Annual Meeting on page 77 of this Proxy Statement. 2025 Annual Report - A copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 ( 2025 Form 10-K ) accompanies this Proxy Statement. Vote By Internet Vote By Telephone Vote By Mail www.proxyvote.com . If you signed up to receive electronic delivery of your proxy materials, refer to the email you received from us or your broker, bank or other nominee for instructions on how to vote by Internet. Record Holders: 1-800-690-6903 (Toll-free in the U.S. or Canada only). Street Name Holders: Refer to your voting instruction form for instructions on how to vote by telephone if made available by your broker, bank or other nominee. Complete, sign and mail your proxy card or voting instruction form in the self-addressed envelope provided. Vote By Mobile Device Vote During Meeting Scan the QR Code that appears on your proxy card, Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or voting instruction form to vote using your mobile device. The meeting is being held via live webcast. For instructions on voting during the 2026 Annual Meeting, please see the Instructions for the Annual Meeting on page 77 of this Proxy Statement. We strongly encourage you to vote in advance of the meeting using the other methods available. You will need the 16-digit control number included on your proxy materials to vote. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be Held on May 14, 2026: Altria s Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and 2025 Form 10-K are available, free of charge, at www.altria.com . This Notice, the Proxy Statement and the proxy card are first being made available or mailed to shareholders on or about April 2, 2026. Under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rule that allows companies to furnish proxy materials to their shareholders over the Internet, we mail to many shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials rather than a paper copy of the accompanying Proxy Statement and our 2025 Form 10-K. We believe this expedites shareholders receiving proxy materials, lowers costs and conserves natural resources. The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials explains how to access the proxy materials online, vote online and obtain a paper copy of our proxy materials. By Order of the Board of Directors of Altria Group, Inc., Mary C. Bigelow Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Associate General Counsel April 2, 2026 Richmond, Virginia Table of Contents A LETTER FROM OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I am thrilled that the Board has selected Sal Mancuso to become our next Chief Executive Officer and Heather Newman to become our next Chief Financial Officer. These are tremendous leaders, full of passion and the drive to propel us forward. Dear Fellow Shareholder: I am pleased to invite you to join us at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Altria Group, Inc. to be held on Thursday, May 14, 2026 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time. We will hold the meeting via live webcast. We believe the virtual format enhances the ability of shareholders to attend the meeting. During the meeting, shareholders will be able to vote their shares electronically and will have an opportunity to ask questions. In addition, we will post a webcast replay to our website at www.altria.com under Investor Relations following the meeting. For more information on the meeting, including details on how to attend, see Instructions for the Annual Meeting on page 77 of this Proxy Statement. At this year s meeting, we will vote on the election of 10 directors and the ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Altria s independent registered public accounting firm. We will also conduct a non-binding advisory vote on the compensation of Altria s named executive officers. Your vote is very important. I encourage you to use internet, telephone or mobile device voting prior to the meeting or complete, sign and return your proxy card or voting instruction form so that your shares will be represented and voted at the meeting even if you cannot attend. Finally, after a long and enriching career at the Altria family of companies, I have announced my decision to retire following this year s Annual Meeting. I am thrilled that the Board has selected Sal Mancuso to become our next Chief Executive Officer and Heather Newman to become our next Chief Financial Officer. These are tremendous leaders, full of passion and the drive to propel us forward. I am confident they are the right leaders for this moment and this amazing organization. Thank you for your investment in Altria. I look forward to its bright future. Sincerely, William F. Gifford, Jr. Chief Executive Officer For further information about the 2026 Annual Meeting, please call 1-804-484-8838. Table of Contents A LETTER FROM OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS Dear Fellow Shareholder : We take great pride in serving as Altria s Board of Directors ( Board or Board of Directors ) and remain focused on Altria s long-term success and the opportunity to shape a better future for adult nicotine consumers, our employees, shareholders and society. Through our oversight of broad corporate policies and strategic initiatives, we support management in the pursuit of our Vision of Moving Beyond Smoking . We are proud of the continued progress toward our Vision in 2025, and we share management s belief that the tobacco harm reduction opportunity remains in front of us and that we have the right strategies to make it a reality. As we pursue new avenues for growth, we will build from our strengths and be guided by our Vision. We also share management s objective of delivering consistent shareholder value. We are pleased to have raised the regular quarterly dividend for the 60 th time in the past 56 years and continued to repurchase our shares in the market. We believe these actions highlight the resilience of our businesses while we continue to successfully navigate the challenges of a dynamic business environment. In discharging our responsibilities, we actively oversee Altria s corporate responsibility efforts. We encourage you to read more about Altria s corporate responsibility initiatives and progress in the various reports available at www.altria.com under Responsibility. We would like to thank Billy for his more than 30 years of distinguished service to the Altria family of companies, including more than five years as Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board. Billy s leadership and commitment to Altria s Vision have been invaluable and provide a strong foundation for Altria s future success. We thank you for your investment in Altria and your support for the Board. Sincerely, Your Board of Directors Kathryn B. McQuade (Chair) Ian L.T. Clarke Marjorie M. Connelly R. Matt Davis WilIiam F. Gifford, Jr. Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Salvatore Mancuso George Mu oz Virginia E. Shanks Richard S. Stoddart Ellen R. Strahlman M. Max Yzaguirre Table of Contents Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary 1 Altria Overview 1 Stakeholder Engagement 6 Board Nominees 7 Executive Compensation Highlights 8 Board and Governance Matters 10 Corporate Governance Highlights 10 Our Board of Directors 11 Board and Committee Governance 15 Board Meetings and Attendance 22 Board Effectiveness 22 Director Compensation 24 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 27 Audit Committee Matters 33 Annual Evaluation and Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 33 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Fees 34 Pre-Approval Policy 34 Audit Committee Report for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 35 Proposal 2 Ratification of the Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 36 Executive Compensation 38 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Compensation and Talent Development Committee Report for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 59 Compensation Tables and Other Matters 60 Proposal 3 Non-Binding Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of Altria s Named Executive Officers 74 Ownership of Equity Securities 75 Directors, Nominees and Executive Officers 75 Insider Trading Policy 75 Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging 75 Certain Other Beneficial Owners 76 Instructions for the Annual Meeting 77 Questions and Answers about the 2026 Annual Meeting and Voting 78 Questions and Answers about Communications, Altria Documents and Shareholder Proposals/Nominations 83 Other Business 85 Exhibit A Altria Group, Inc. Non-GAAP Financial Measures A- 1 Frequently Referenced Topics Board Composition 12 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Director Compensation 24 Director Nominee Biographies 27 Our Board s Oversight Role 16 Ownership of Equity Securities 75 Related Person Transactions Policy 14 Say on Pay 39 Stakeholder Engagement 6 Summary Compensation Table 60 Certain statements in this Proxy Statement are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on current plans, estimates, expectations and projections, and are not guarantees of future performance. They are based on management s beliefs, projections or expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. For factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected results, see the risks and uncertainties described in our publicly filed reports, including our 2025 Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements in this Proxy Statement speak only as of the date of this Proxy Statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement in this Proxy Statement. Information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Proxy Statement or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information about Altria Group, Inc. ( Altria, we, our or us ) and selected information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement ( Proxy Statement ), which has been prepared in connection with Altria s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting or the meeting ). This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider in voting your shares. Please review the entire Proxy Statement before voting. We also encourage you to read our 2025 Form 10-K before voting. Altria Overview Our Vision is Moving Beyond Smoking ( Vision ) by responsibly transitioning adult smokers to a smoke-free future, competing vigorously for existing smoke-free adult nicotine consumers and exploring new growth opportunities beyond the U.S. and beyond nicotine. This means continuing to lead in traditional tobacco categories, including cigarettes. But we are thinking bigger beyond smoking. We believe adult nicotine consumers deserve options options that satisfy and delight them, that keep pace with evolving expectations and that can potentially reduce risk. And they deserve accurate information so they can make informed choices. We intend to deliver compelling, innovative smoke-free products and brands across e-vapor, oral nicotine pouches and heated tobacco. We are also exploring new growth opportunities beyond the U.S. and beyond nicotine. We believe the capabilities we have built over decades of leadership in the nicotine space equip us to excel in other categories as well. Our Corporate Profile We have a leading portfolio of tobacco products for U.S. adult nicotine consumers that are manufactured and marketed by our operating company subsidiaries: Philip Morris USA Inc. ( PM USA ) , the manufacturer of Marlboro cigarettes; John Middleton Co. , the manufacturer of Black Mild cigars; U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company LLC ( USSTC ) , the manufacturer of Copenhagen and Skoal moist smokeless tobacco products; Helix Innovations LLC ( Helix ) , the manufacturer of on! and on! PLUS oral nicotine pouches; and NJOY, LLC ( NJOY ) , the manufacturer of NJOY e-vapor products. Additionally, we own a majority interest in Horizon Innovations LLC ( Horizon ), a joint venture with JTI (US) Holdings, Inc. ( JTI ), a subsidiary of Japan Tobacco Inc., which is responsible for the U.S. marketing and commercialization of heated tobacco stick products owned by either party. Our equity investments include Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV ( ABI ), the world s largest brewer, and Cronos Group Inc. ( Cronos ), a leading Canadian cannabinoid company. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Our 2028 Enterprise Goals Our 2028 Enterprise Goals demonstrate our aspiration to continue to lead in the U.S. tobacco space, maintain strong operating margins, generate earnings growth, steadily grow our dividend and maintain a strong balance sheet. Corporate: Deliver a mid-single digits adjusted diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) compounded annual growth rate ( CAGR ) in 2028 from a $4.87 base in 2022. (1) A progressive dividend goal targeting mid-single digits dividend per share growth annually through 2028. (2) Target a debt-to-consolidated EBITDA (1)(3) ratio of approximately 2.0x. Maintain our leadership position in the U.S. tobacco space. Maintain a total adjusted operating companies income ( OCI ) margin (1) of at least 60% in each year through 2028. (1) Adjusted diluted EPS, debt-to-consolidated EBITDA and adjusted OCI margin are financial measures that are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). See Exhibit A to this Proxy Statement for information regarding non-GAAP financial measures used in this Proxy Statement and reconciliations of such non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. (2) Future dividend payments remain subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors. (3) Reflects the term Consolidated EBITDA as defined in our senior unsecured revolving credit agreement. U.S. Smoke-Free Portfolio: Due to ongoing market disruption caused by illicit e-vapor products that have evaded the regulatory process, we continue to reassess our smoke-free goals and expect to provide updated goals when we have more clarity on how the legitimate e-vapor market may evolve. We remain steadfast in our commitment to our Vision and to building a portfolio of U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA )-authorized smoke-free products for adult smokers and adult nicotine consumers currently using smoke-free products. Long-Term Growth: Compete internationally in the top innovative oral tobacco markets and develop a pathway to participate in heated tobacco and e-vapor markets. Enter non-nicotine categories with broad commercial distribution of at least five products by 2028. 2 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A 2025 Business Highlights 2025 was a year of continued momentum for Altria, marked by strong financial performance, strategic progress across our smoke-free portfolio, new relationships in support of our long-term growth goals and significant cash returns to shareholders. Our leading brands and talented teams enabled our core tobacco businesses to deliver solid income growth and margin expansion, while we invested in our Vision. Altria Group, Inc. Smokeable Products Oral Tobacco Products Reported Diluted EPS (37.0)% Reported Adjusted OCI (1) $11.0 B $11.1 B Reported Adjusted OCI (1) $1.8 B Adjusted Diluted EPS (1) +4.4% Reported Adjusted OCI Margin (1) 63.0% 63.4% Reported Adjusted OCI Margin (1) 67.6% 67.9% Cash Returned to Shareholders Our strong financial performance in 2025 allowed us to continue delivering consistent shareholder value. 60 th Dividend Increase in the Past 56 Years (1) Adjusted diluted EPS, adjusted OCI and adjusted OCI margin are financial measures that are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, GAAP. See Exhibit A to this Proxy Statement for information regarding non-GAAP financial measures used in this Proxy Statement and reconciliations of such non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Progress Toward 2028 Enterprise Goals In 2025, we made meaningful progress toward our 2028 Enterprise Goals and our Vision, and we are energized by the opportunities ahead. Dividend Increase 3.9% Reported Diluted EPS CAGR (1) 8.9% Debt-to-Consolidated Net Earnings 3.7x Reported OCI Margin 51.1% Adjusted Diluted EPS CAGR (1)(2) 3.6% Debt-to-Consolidated EBITDA (2)(3) 2.0x Adjusted OCI Margin (2) 62.4% Maintain Leadership Position in the U.S. Tobacco Space On the strength of our companies leading core tobacco brands, Marlboro , Copenhagen and Black Mild , and our innovative oral nicotine portfolio, including on! and on! PLUS , we estimate that we achieved an industry-leading share of the U.S. tobacco space in 2025. International Smoke-Free Long-Term Growth on! , on! PLUS and FUMi are competing internationally via e-commerce and at select retail locations. Non-Nicotine Long-Term Growth We continue to test a variety of internally- and partner-developed concepts and products. In 2025, Altria Group Distribution Company ( AGDC ) helped Proper Wild, a manufacturer of clean energy shots, achieve distribution to over 25,000 stores. (1) Reflects 2022 2025 reported and adjusted diluted EPS CAGR, as applicable. (2) Adjusted diluted EPS, debt-to-consolidated EBITDA, adjusted OCI and adjusted OCI margin are financial measures that are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, GAAP. See Exhibit A to this Proxy Statement for information regarding non-GAAP financial measures used in this Proxy Statement and reconciliations of such non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. (3) Reflects the term Consolidated EBITDA as defined in our senior unsecured revolving credit agreement. 4 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Corporate Responsibility We have been committed to responsibility for over 25 years a commitment we have upheld through all of our business practices. To achieve our Vision, we are pursuing initiatives designed to promote long-term sustainability and transform the nicotine landscape for the better. We believe these actions will benefit our businesses, supply chains, trade partners, operating and grower communities and the environment. Our responsibility focus areas address the issues we believe are most important to drive this progress and meet stakeholder expectations of a responsible company. Our Vision reflects our most urgent responsibility priority to reduce the harm associated with our companies products . We believe this is also a transformative business opportunity. Billy Gifford Chief Executive Officer, Altria Group, Inc. Our Responsibility Focus Areas In 2021, we announced six responsibility focus areas, each with associated 2025 goals. The focus areas resulted from a comprehensive, formal responsibility materiality assessment that we undertook to identify corporate responsibility issues that are important to our long-term sustainability and success. Environmental Social Governance Protect the Environment Drive Responsibility through Our Value Chain Reduce Harm of Tobacco Products Prevent Underage Use Support our People Communities Engage Lead Responsibly Our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and senior management oversee our responsibility efforts. Our responsibility focus areas are integrated into enterprise planning, strategies and initiatives. Focus area-aligned steering committees, each led by senior executives, were accountable for the strategic alignment of initiatives and investments, outcomes and driving progress toward our 2025 responsibility goals. These committees convened periodically throughout the year and were comprised of leaders from accountable functions, including subject matter experts. We engage with our Board on corporate responsibility strategy, issues and best practices at the Board level and through Board committees. In 2025, we conducted a refreshed double materiality assessment and established new responsibility focus areas, each with associated 2030 goals. Our 2025 Corporate Responsibility report, which we anticipate publishing in advance of the 2026 Annual Meeting, will include a recap of our progress toward our 2025 responsibility goals, an overview of our 2025 double materiality assessment and an introduction to our new responsibility focus areas and associated 2030 goals. Our Corporate Responsibility and ESG Reporting We acknowledge expectations for transparent, decision-useful disclosures of our progress toward our corporate responsibility goals and continue to enhance our reporting through a robust process for data and disclosure review, substantiation and reporting. We publish reports on our website at www.altria.com under Responsibility throughout the year describing progress toward our goals in each of our responsibility focus areas. Corporate Responsibility Reports and Progress Snapshots Published in 2025 Engage Lead Responsibly: 2024 Corporate Responsibility Progress Report Lobbying and Political Activity Transparency Integrity Report Reduce Harm of Tobacco Products: 2024 Progress Snapshot Prevent Underage Use: 2024 Progress Snapshot Protect the Environment: 2024 Progress Snapshot Drive Responsibility Through Our Value Chain: 2024 Progress Snapshot Support Our People Communities: 2024 Progress Snapshot Target Reset Net-Zero Roadmap We also disclose Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) data through Altria s ESG Data Tables, Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) Report 2020 2021 and TCFD Index, CDP, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ( SASB ) Tobacco Index, SASB Agricultural Products Index, Low-Carbon Transition Plan and Global Reporting Initiative Index, all of which are available on our website at www.altria.com under Responsibility. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Stakeholder Engagement We value our stakeholders perspectives on our businesses and engage with a broad range of stakeholders on a variety of matters. Our executives participate in our stakeholder engagement efforts depending on the nature and topic of the engagement, including our CEO; Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ); General Counsel; Chief Human Resources Officer and Chief Compliance Officer ( CHRO CCO ); Senior Vice President, Corporate Citizenship and Chief Sustainability Officer, Altria Client Services LLC ( ALCS ); Corporate Secretary; operating company leadership and representatives from our Investor Relations, Regulatory Affairs, Government Affairs, Communications and Compensation and Benefits departments. From time to time, members of our Board of Directors also participate in engagement activities. We believe that these engagements provide us with a better understanding of our stakeholders priorities and perspectives. 6 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Board Nominees You are being asked to vote on the following 10 nominees for director. All directors are elected annually by a majority of the votes cast. More information about each nominee for director can be found under Proposal 1 Election of Directors beginning on page 27. Ian L.T. Clarke Marjorie M. Connelly R. Matt Davis Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Salvatore Mancuso Kathryn B. McQuade Virginia E. Shanks Richard S. Stoddart Ellen R. Strahlman M. Max Yzaguirre Attributes of Board Nominees 9 of 10 Independent 70% Gender and Ethnic Diversity 5.8 Years Average Tenure 64.9 Years Average Age 6 New Directors Since 2021 More information on the self-identified diversity demographics of our Board nominees can be found in the Diversity and Demographic Background chart on page 13 . Skills and Experience of Board Nominees 7 Nominees 2 Nominees 9 Nominees Consumer Products or Consumer Marketing Industry Regulated Industries 4 Nominees 6 Nominees 5 Nominees Chief Executive Officer Experience Financial Expertise, including Chief Financial Officer Experience Public Policy 9 Nominees 7 Nominees 6 Nominees Public Company Board Experience Leadership in Innovation Information Technology/Cybersecurity 9 Nominees 8 Nominees See page 12 for a description of each skill and experience and a matrix of our Board nominees individual skills and experiences. Environmental, Social and Governance International Business Experience Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Executive Compensation Highlights Executive Compensation Framework In 2025, the total direct compensation of our executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table on page 60 ( named executive officers or NEOs ) consisted of the following elements: Form of Compensation Performance Period Award Criteria Company Performance Alignment Salary Cash Ongoing Individual performance Annual Incentive Cash Annual Company and individual performance Adjusted diluted EPS growth Adjusted discretionary cash flow Total adjusted OCI Strategic initiatives Long-Term Incentive Awards Cash Cash Three years; overlapping cycles Company and individual performance Adjusted diluted EPS growth Cash conversion Relative total shareholder return ( TSR ) modifier Strategic initiatives Equity Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ) / Performance Stock Units ( PSUs ) Ongoing for RSUs; three years for PSUs Individual performance, advancement potential and criticality of talent with additional payment criteria for PSUs based on company performance RSUs: Stock price appreciation PSUs: Company performance (adjusted diluted EPS growth, cash conversion and relative TSR modifier) and stock price appreciation We target for PSUs and our cash Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ) together to deliver over 60% of our NEOs target long-term incentives in performance-based forms. Our target long-term incentive mix is described under Long-Term Incentive Compensation on page 49. 8 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Key Governance Features of Our Executive Compensation Program We are committed to executive compensation practices that are intended to align the interests of our executives and shareholders: What We Do What We Don t Do Pay for Performance A significant portion of our NEOs compensation is at-risk variable compensation. Annual and long-term cash incentives and a significant portion of equity compensation are tied to performance measures. Multiple Performance Metrics Variable compensation is based on more than one measure to balance incentives. Stock Holding and Ownership Requirements All NEOs exceed our robust stock ownership requirements. Clawback Policies Our policies provide for the adjustment or recovery of compensation in certain circumstances, including financial restatements and employee misconduct. Award Caps All our variable compensation plans have caps on plan formulas. Below Average Share Utilization We have below-average run rates for equity compensation, as compared to the companies in the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Food, Beverage Tobacco Index. Tally Sheets Our Compensation and Talent Development Committee ( C TD Committee ) uses tally sheets when making individual compensation decisions for our NEOs. Confidentiality and Non-Compete Agreements All our NEOs are subject to confidentiality and non-compete agreements. No Excessive Perquisites Perquisites represent less than 1% of our NEOs compensation. No Single-Trigger Change in Control Our shareholder-approved 2020 and 2025 Performance Incentive Plans (each, a PIP ) each include a double-trigger change in control provision. No Individual Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans No Hedging or Pledging We do not permit our NEOs to engage in hedging or pledging activities with respect to their Altria shares. No Employment Agreements All our NEOs are employed at-will. No Tax Gross-Ups on Compensation We do not pay tax gross-ups to our NEOs. No Share Recycling No PSUs for Stock Ownership Requirements We do not include unvested PSUs toward stock ownership requirements. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Board and Governance Matters Corporate Governance Highlights Board Structure and Independence Nine of our 10 director nominees are independent Five of our independent directors have been added since the beginning of 2021 Separate Board Chair and CEO roles, with an independent Board Chair All New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) required Board committees consist solely of independent directors Independent committee chairs Executive sessions of independent directors at each meeting Director retirement guidelines Limitations on other public company board service Board diversity from various perspectives Shareholder Rights Annual election of directors Directors elected by majority voting, except in contested elections Resignation policy for directors who fail to receive majority support in an uncontested election One share, one vote standard Proxy access with market terms No shareholder rights plan or poison pill Board Performance and Key Responsibilities Attendance by each director then serving of at least 75% of Board and committee meetings in 2025 100% director attendance at our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders ( 2025 Annual Meeting ) by directors then serving Oversight of strategic plan development and execution Oversight of key risk areas and risk management processes Oversight of executive compensation, with assistance from an independent consultant Participation in executive succession planning Review of investor perspectives and engagement Annual Board and committee self-evaluations Oversight of human capital management and corporate culture initiatives Oversight of ESG programs and activities, including stakeholder engagement Oversight of public affairs activities Policies, Programs and Guidelines Comprehensive Code of Conduct, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors and Corporate Governance Guidelines Policies consistent with the Investor Stewardship Group s Corporate Governance Principles Robust political activity disclosure and compliance program Extensive Corporate Responsibility Reports Compensation clawback policies Robust stock ownership and holding requirements for directors and executive officers Policies prohibiting hedging and pledging of our shares by directors and executive officers Comprehensive new director orientation and ongoing director education programs 10 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Our Board of Directors Our Board currently consists of 12 directors. Directors are elected annually at each annual meeting to serve until the next annual meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified, subject to their earlier death, resignation or removal. With the exception of Mr. Mancuso, who was elected as a director by our Board effective January 29, 2026, each of the nominees for director was elected by shareholders at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Biographical information and qualifications of the nominees for director are included under Proposal 1 Election of Directors beginning on page 27. In October 2025, George Mu oz notified Altria of his decision to retire from Board service following the completion of his current term. In December 2025, Mr. Gifford notified Altria of his decision to retire as a director and as CEO, effective May 14, 2026 at the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting. As a result, Mr. Mu oz and Mr. Gifford will not stand for election to our Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. All other current directors are standing for election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Process for Nominating Directors The Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Committee ( NCGSR Committee ) works with our Board to determine the appropriate mix of characteristics, skills and experience for our Board. The NCGSR Committee has not established any specific minimum qualification standards for nominees to our Board. The NCGSR Committee evaluates each individual in the context of our Board as a whole, with the objective of recommending a group of directors who can best continue our success and represent shareholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment arising from its diversity of views and experience. The NCGSR Committee is guided by our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which promote diversity of views and experiences and require that our Board and the NCGSR Committee consider, among other factors: whether the individual meets the applicable requirements for independence; the individual s general understanding of the various disciplines relevant to the success of a large publicly traded company in today s global business environment; the individual s understanding of our businesses and markets; the individual s skills, professional expertise and educational background; and other factors that promote diversity of views and experiences. Identifying Director Candidates In identifying potential candidates for Board membership, the NCGSR Committee relies on suggestions and recommendations from directors, shareholders, management and others, including, from time to time, executive search and board advisory firms. The NCGSR Committee does not distinguish between nominees recommended by shareholders and other nominees. Initial Review of Candidates The NCGSR Committee considers many factors, including those listed above, in determining whether a potential candidate can contribute meaningfully to our Board in its operations and in discharging its oversight responsibilities. In addition, the NCGSR Committee considers whether our Board has specific needs for certain skills or attributes at a given time. Other criteria for Board membership, such as the extent of an individual s other commitments, are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Recommend Candidates to Our Board The NCGSR Committee considers the candidate and makes its recommendation to our Board to nominate or appoint the candidate. Additionally, in determining whether to recommend a current director for re-election, the NCGSR Committee considers the director s past attendance at meetings and participation in and contributions to the activities of our Board. In-Depth Candidate Review Potential candidates undergo a series of interviews, which include interviews with our Board Chair and our NCGSR Committee Chair, interviews with the NCGSR Committee and interviews with other members of our Board. We conduct background and reference checks and evaluate independence. To suggest candidates to the NCGSR Committee for consideration as directors, shareholders must submit a written notice to our Corporate Secretary following the procedures set forth in this Proxy Statement under Questions and Answers about Communications, Altria Documents and Shareholder Proposals/Nominations How do I communicate with our Board of Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Directors? on page 83 . Our Amended and Restated By-Laws ( By-Laws ) include the procedures that a shareholder must follow to nominate directors for election to our Board. These procedures are summarized under the same section in response to the question How can a shareholder nominate a director or submit a proposal for next year s annual meeting? on page 83 . Board Composition Our Board has a breadth of skills, experiences, tenures and demographic backgrounds that we believe promotes effective oversight of our business strategies. Our Board is committed to reviewing periodically its composition in order to maintain an appropriate mix of these attributes as our businesses evolve. Our Board s composition represents a balanced approach to director tenure, allowing our Board to benefit from the institutional knowledge of longer-serving directors combined with the perspectives of newer directors. The following chart is not an exhaustive list of each director s skills and experience, as each of them contributes other important skills, expertise, experience and personal attributes. Clarke Connelly Davis Gifford Kelly-Ennis Mancuso McQuade Mu oz Shanks Stoddart Strahlman Yzaguirre Skills and Experience Consumer Products or Consumer Marketing - Our continued leadership in satisfying evolving adult nicotine consumers preferences requires that we market our products effectively and responsibly. n n n n n n n n Industry - Experience in or with our industry and markets is important to understanding industry and market dynamics. n n n Regulated Industries - We operate highly regulated businesses. To enhance Board oversight of regulatory compliance and engagement, we include directors with experience in regulated industries. n n n n n n n n n n Chief Executive Officer Experience - Directors who serve or have served as a chief executive (including chief executive of a significant business unit) bring leadership experience in various areas such as strategic planning, financial oversight, executive succession planning and compensation, human capital management, compliance and risk management. n n n n n n Financial Expertise, including Chief Financial Officer Experience - Proficiency in finance and financial reporting processes helps our Board monitor and assess our performance, financial position and financial reporting. n n n n n n n n Public Policy - Directors with public policy experience provide valuable insights as our businesses are subject to an array of federal, state and local laws and regulations and regularly engage with various external stakeholders. n n n n n n Public Company Board Experience - Service on other public company boards promotes efficient and effective Board processes and provides insight into the corporate governance practices of other companies. n n n n n n n n n n n Leadership in Innovation - Directors with experience in innovation, biosciences, product development and consumer engagement promote effective oversight of product growth opportunities (including for reduced harm products), marketing strategies and capabilities, and other growth strategies. n n n n n n n n Information Technology/Cybersecurity - Directors with experience in managing or overseeing the mitigation of technology risks enhance oversight of our cybersecurity risk management program. n n n n n n n Environmental, Social and Governance - We believe our ESG priorities, including our harm reduction efforts, are important to our long-term success. Directors with experience managing or overseeing ESG efforts provide effective oversight of our ESG strategies and initiatives. n n n n n n n n n n International Business Experience - We believe success in markets outside the U.S. will accelerate our growth. Directors with global business experience enhance oversight of our international expansion strategies. n n n n n n n n n n 12 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Clarke Connelly Davis Gifford Kelly-Ennis Mancuso McQuade Mu oz Shanks Stoddart Strahlman Yzaguirre Diversity and Demographic Background Race/Ethnicity Black n Hispanic or Latinx n n White or Caucasian n n n n n n n n n n Gender and Other Diversity Characteristics Female n n n n n Male n n n n n n n LGBTQ+ n Other Age 65 64 61 55 69 60 69 74 65 63 68 65 Tenure (1) 4 4 4 6 13 0 14 21 9 1 5 4 (1) Calculated from the date of initial election to the next full year of completed service prior to filing the Proxy Statement. For the first year of service, a partial year exceeding six months is rounded up. Director Independence Determinations Under the listing standards of the NYSE, our Board must consist of a majority of independent directors. In making independence determinations, our Board adheres to NYSE and SEC requirements and considers all relevant facts and circumstances. Our Board has also adopted categorical standards of director independence to further assist it in making these determinations. These standards are set forth in Annex A of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on our website at www.altria.com under About Altria. On the recommendation of the NCGSR Committee, our Board affirmatively determined that each of the following nominees for director is independent because each nominee has no material relationship with us: Ian L.T. Clarke, Marjorie M. Connelly, R. Matt Davis, Debra J. Kelly-Ennis, Kathryn B. McQuade, Virginia E. Shanks, Richard S. Stoddart, Ellen R. Strahlman and M. Max Yzaguirre. Our Board has also affirmatively determined on the recommendation of the NCGSR Committee that George Mu oz, who is not standing for election to our Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting, is independent. In making its recommendation to our Board, the NCGSR Committee considered the following business relationships and transactions: Business Relationships and Transactions Considered Altria and our subsidiaries from time to time do business in the ordinary course on terms comparable to those provided to unrelated third parties with entities where Ms. Kelly-Ennis and Mr. Davis serve as non-executive directors or where immediate family members (as defined in our Policy on Related Person Transactions, which is discussed under Related Person Transactions, Director Code and Code of Conduct below) of Mr. Clarke, Ms. Connelly and Mr. Stoddart serve as a non-executive employee. In each case, neither the director nor the immediate family member is responsible for, or involved in, the entity s day-to-day dealings with us, and the payments made by Altria and our subsidiaries to the entity in each of the last three fiscal years were significantly less than the greater of $1 million or 2% of any such entity s consolidated gross revenues. None of Mr. Clarke, Ms. Connelly, Mr. Davis, Ms. Kelly-Ennis or Mr. Stoddart, or their respective family members, materially benefits directly or indirectly from the relationship. The NCGSR Committee determined that the foregoing business relationships and transactions did not affect the independence of any of our directors. We believe that corporate philanthropy furthers our corporate responsibility focus on supporting our people and communities, which includes investing to help make ongoing positive societal impact in priority areas that reflect the interests of our businesses, employees and communities. In making its recommendation to our Board, the NCGSR Committee also considered the following philanthropic relationships and transactions between Altria and our subsidiaries and various educational and other charitable entities. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Philanthropic Relationships and Transactions Considered We make various grants and charitable contributions, including matching gifts under our Match Your Dollars Program, to entities where Ms. Connelly, Mr. Davis, Ms. Kelly-Ennis or Mr. Mu oz or immediate family members of Ms. Connelly, Mr. Davis or Mr. Stoddart serve as non-executive directors or trustees. In each case, payments by us in each of the last three fiscal years were significantly less than the greater of $1 million or 2% of any such entity s consolidated gross revenues. None of Ms. Connelly, Mr. Davis, Ms. Kelly-Ennis, Mr. Mu oz or Mr. Stoddart, or their respective immediate family members, materially benefits directly or indirectly from these contributions. The NCGSR Committee determined that the foregoing philanthropic relationships and transactions did not affect the independence of any of our directors. Related Person Transactions, Director Code and Code of Conduct Related Person Transaction Policy Our Board has adopted a written Policy on Related Person Transactions that requires our directors, nominees for director and executive officers to provide advance notice to our Corporate Secretary in writing of any direct or indirect interest the individual or individual s immediate family members (collectively, Related Persons ) has or may have in a transaction in which Altria will be a participant. The written notice to our Corporate Secretary must include (i) the individual s interest in the transaction, (ii) the nature of Altria s participation in the transaction, (iii) the parties to the transaction, (iv) the purpose and timing of the transaction and (v) the approximate dollar value of the Related Person s interest in the transaction. Our Corporate Secretary must then evaluate whether the proposed transaction would constitute a Related Person Transaction under the policy. Subject to certain exceptions, the policy defines a Related Person Transaction as one in which (i) the amount exceeds $120,000, (ii) we are proposed to be a participant and (iii) a Related Person has or may have a direct or indirect material interest. If the Corporate Secretary determines the reported transaction would constitute a Related Person Transaction, the policy requires the Corporate Secretary to report the transaction to the NCGSR Committee (or other committee designated by our Board that is comprised solely of independent directors) for an assessment of whether the proposed transaction should be permitted to proceed. In deciding whether to approve or disapprove the Related Person Transaction, the NCGSR Committee (or other designated committee) is required to consider all relevant facts and circumstances that it deems appropriate, including (i) whether the transaction is in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the commercial reasonableness of the terms of the transaction, including whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than could be reached with an unrelated third party, (iii) the materiality of the Related Person s direct or indirect interest in the Related Person Transaction, (iv) the materiality of the Related Person Transaction to us, (v) the impact of the Related Person Transaction on the Related Person s independence (as defined in the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards), (vi) the actual or apparent conflict of interest of the Related Person participating in the Related Person Transaction and (vii) any other information that would be material to investors in light of the circumstances of the Related Person Transaction. Under the policy, the NCGSR Committee (or other designated committee) will prohibit a Related Person Transaction if it determines in its good faith business judgment of the best interests of Altria that the Related Person Transaction is inconsistent with the interests of Altria and our shareholders. If we become aware of a Related Person Transaction that has not been reviewed and approved or disapproved under this policy, it must be reviewed in accordance with the foregoing procedures as set forth in the policy and, if appropriate, ratified by the NCGSR Committee (or other designated committee). During 2025, there were no Related Person Transactions. 14 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Director Code and the Code of Conduct In addition to the Policy on Related Person Transactions, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors ( Director Code ) and the Altria Code of Conduct ( Code of Conduct ) have specific provisions addressing actual and potential conflicts of interest. The Director Code specifies: Our directors have an obligation to act in the best interest of the Company. All directors should endeavor to avoid situations that present a potential or actual conflict between their interest and the interest of the Company. The Director Code defines conflict of interest to include any instance in which (i) a person s private interest interferes in any way, or even appears to interfere, with our interest, including our subsidiaries and affiliates, (ii) a director or a director s family member takes an action or has an interest that may make it difficult for that director to perform his or her work objectively and effectively or (iii) a director (or his or her family member) receives improper personal benefits as a result of the director s position. Similarly, our Code of Conduct requires all our officers and employees to avoid situations where the officer s or employee s personal, financial or other activity or relationship affects their ability to make loyal and objective business decisions on behalf of our companies. The Code of Conduct lists specific types of transactions that might create an actual or apparent conflict of interest and provides guidance on how each situation must be handled. All three of the policies discussed above are available on our website at www.altria.com under About Altria. Board and Committee Governance Our Board s Role and Responsibilities Our Board s primary responsibility is to foster our long-term success. In fulfilling this role, each director must exercise his or her good faith business judgment of the best interests of Altria and our shareholders. Our Board has responsibility for establishing broad corporate policies, setting strategic direction and overseeing management, which is responsible for our day-to-day operations. Board Leadership Structure and Governance Our Board believes that it is important to retain the flexibility to allocate the responsibilities of the Board Chair and the CEO in a way that it considers to be in the best interests of Altria and our shareholders. In evaluating the allocation of these responsibilities, our Board considers various factors, including Altria s needs, individual skills and experiences and any other factors it deems relevant. Our Board s current assessment is that the interests of Altria and our shareholders are best served by separate Board Chair and CEO roles. Our Board believes that separate Board Chair and CEO roles promote the pursuit of our Vision by allowing our CEO to focus on executing our business strategies, overseeing our day-to-day operations, engaging with external stakeholders, developing our leaders and promoting employee engagement. Meanwhile, the Board Chair leads our Board in the performance of its duties by establishing agendas and ensuring appropriate meeting content, engaging with the CEO between Board meetings and providing overall guidance to our CEO as to our Board s views and perspectives. Moreover, our independent directors convene at each Board meeting in an executive session led by the Board Chair. Our current Board Chair, Ms. McQuade, was elected as independent Board Chair in 2021, has served on our Board since 2012 and has extensive knowledge of our businesses, our strategies and our Board s governance practices. Ms. McQuade promotes constructive dialogue and directly, clearly and regularly communicates the views of our Board to management. We believe that our Board s strict adherence to sound corporate governance practices, as reflected in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, has promoted, and continues to promote, effective and independent Board leadership for Altria and our shareholders. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Our Board s Oversight Role Our Board s oversight role extends to a broad range of topics that we believe are important to our internal and external stakeholders and to the success of our businesses. Strategic Oversight Our Board actively oversees the development and execution of strategies in pursuit of our Vision. These strategies encompass both financial and operational strategies, including strategies focused on growth and innovation, legal and regulatory matters, responsibility, public policy and engagement, talent development and executive succession, and strategic investments. Over the course of the year, including during meetings solely focused on strategy and long-term planning, management and our Board discuss the development and execution of our strategic plans as well as events that bear upon those plans. Our Board further monitors strategic execution through standing presentations at Board and committee meetings and communications from management in between meetings. Our Board devotes several meetings each year to the review and discussion of our strategies with management . Risk Oversight Our Board and its committees play an important role in the oversight of our risk management processes, and our Board believes it has effective strategies in place to oversee key risks facing Altria and our businesses. Board and committee meetings afford our Board the opportunity to discuss these risks with senior and mid-level management. Our enterprise risk management ( ERM ) is a coordinated process that helps us identify, prioritize and manage strategic, operational, financial, regulatory and compliance risks that have the potential to present significant obstacles to achieving business objectives as we pursue our Vision. The key risks identified in this process are considered enterprise risks, and a senior leader is designated as a risk owner. Risk owners are responsible for risk responses, including mitigation plans. The Risk Oversight Committee, which is chaired by our CHRO CCO and comprised of members of senior management, including our CFO, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Strategy and Growth Officer, and General Counsel, meets regularly to oversee efforts to identify and manage enterprise risks and key compliance risk areas. Management reports annually to our Board on the ERM process and regularly to our Board or its committees on the management of specific risks, including enterprise risks and key compliance risk areas. Management also regularly reviews a comprehensive risk dashboard with the Audit Committee to facilitate the Audit Committee s risk oversight responsibilities. 16 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Board Risk Oversight Our Board s structure supports its risk oversight function. Our Board executes its risk oversight function both as a whole and through delegation to its committees, which meet regularly with members of our senior management and mid-level management and report to our Board. Committee Risk Oversight Audit Oversees our management of financial, accounting and internal control risks. Reviews our policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, and discusses with management our exposure to financial, accounting and certain other risks (such as legal and regulatory risk, compliance risk, cybersecurity risk and business continuity risk) and the steps that management has taken to monitor and mitigate such exposures. C TD Considers the extent to which our executive compensation program may create risk. See Risk Assessment on page 58 for a more detailed description. Also oversees our management of corporate culture and human capital management risks. Finance Oversees our management of financial condition, budgeting, forecasting and liquidity risks, including risks associated with mergers, acquisitions, investments, dispositions and similar capital allocation matters. Innovation Oversees our management of the risks associated with product safety, technologies (including artificial intelligence ( AI )), intellectual property, research and product development and environmental risks from our companies products and manufacturing processes (including climate risk), as well as regulatory risks related to our innovative product development efforts. NCGSR Oversees the ways in which we manage public policy and corporate reputational risk, including corporate responsibility risks. Also oversees risks related to Board organization, membership and structure and other corporate governance matters. Role Of Management While our Board and its committees oversee risks and risk management, our senior management is responsible for managing risk on a day-to-day basis. Our risk management processes are designed to (i) identify and effectively manage key enterprise, strategic, operational, growth and compliance risks, (ii) support the development and implementation of sound risk management practices and risk-informed decision making, (iii) drive risk awareness across the enterprise and (iv) create a sustainable risk-based culture. Throughout the year, management reviews with our Board and its committees our strategies for managing enterprise and key compliance risks. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Political and Public Policy Oversight The NCGSR Committee oversees our political and public policy engagement activities, including political and direct and indirect lobbying activities and related contributions and expenditures. The NCGSR Committee also oversees our political activity compliance program. We share extensive information about political and public policy activities and Board oversight of these activities in our annual Lobbying and Political Activity Transparency Integrity Report and provide disclosures related to our lobbying expenditures and political contributions on our website at www.altria.com under About Altria. Corporate Responsibility Oversight Leading responsibly has been the foundation of Altria s strategy for many years, and our Board actively oversees our corporate responsibility and ESG priorities. Our approach to corporate responsibility includes seeking our shareholders and other stakeholders perspectives, aligning business practices where appropriate and measuring and communicating our progress. Our Board and its committees regularly receive updates on our responsibility efforts. These updates include the review of topics such as trends in corporate responsibility, our underage tobacco use prevention programs, harm reduction initiatives, environmental initiatives, community and public policy engagement activities, talent and culture initiatives and other corporate responsibility initiatives, including monitoring and reporting. Human Capital Resources and Culture Oversight Our workforce is critical to achieving our Vision. The C TD Committee oversees initiatives, programs and processes related to talent development and culture through regular updates from management. These updates include the review of topics such as: executive succession and advancement planning; employee engagement survey results and management s responses to opportunity areas; progress toward our inclusion and opportunity initiatives; key workforce metrics on organizational health, including recruiting, retention, turnover and promotion rates; and actions taken to protect employee safety, health and wellness. More information about our human capital resources can be found in our 2025 Form 10-K. Cybersecurity Oversight Our Board devotes significant time and attention to our cybersecurity and information technology risks. Our Board executes its cybersecurity risk oversight as a whole and by delegating responsibility to our Audit Committee. While our Board and Audit Committee oversee cybersecurity risk, senior management is responsible for actively managing cybersecurity risk. Our Risk Oversight Committee oversees the management of key enterprise risks, including cybersecurity risks. To date, we have not experienced a material cybersecurity breach, nor are we aware of any third-party outside service providers that have experienced a cybersecurity breach with respect to our data. As a result, we have not incurred any expenses, penalties or settlements related to cybersecurity breaches. More information about our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance can be found in our 2025 Form 10-K. 18 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Executive Succession and Advancement Planning Our Board believes that senior executive advancement and succession is one of its most important responsibilities. The C TD Committee is responsible for overseeing the development and furtherance of executive succession plans, evaluating and making recommendations to our Board regarding potential candidates to become CEO, evaluating and approving candidates to fill other senior executive positions and engaging external consultants in connection with succession planning, as needed. Effective upon the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting, Mr. Mancuso will become CEO, replacing Mr. Gifford, who announced his retirement in December 2025, and Ms. Newman will become CFO, replacing Mr. Mancuso. This leadership transition is the result of our Board s thoughtful and deliberative succession planning process, which included the engagement of a leading global executive search and leadership consulting firm. CEO Succession Planning The succession planning process gives our Board critical insights into our talent pool. Leadership Succession Planning At least annually, the CEO meets with the C TD Committee and our Board to discuss CEO succession planning (including specific candidates). The C TD Committee also considers the procedures for the timely and efficient transfer of CEO responsibilities in the event of an emergency or the sudden incapacity, departure or death of the CEO. The CEO meets with the C TD Committee at least annually to discuss the performance of key members of our senior management and their respective succession plans. Our Board also reviews key executive succession plans and has exposure to succession candidates (CEO and otherwise) from across our companies through presentations, site visits and other events. Committees of Our Board of Directors Our Board has established six standing committees to assist it with the performance of its responsibilities. Our Board elects the members of these committees and the committee chairs annually at its organizational meeting following our annual meeting of shareholders, based on the recommendations of the NCGSR Committee. The committee chairs work with management to develop the meeting agendas for their respective committee and provide a full report to our Board following each committee meeting. Our Board has adopted written charters for each of its committees. These charters are available on our website at www.altria.com under About Altria. The following charts summarize the primary responsibilities and composition of each committee: Audit Committee 2025 Meetings: 7 Report: See page 35 Chair Other Members Marjorie M. Connelly Ian L.T. Clarke George Mu oz M. Max Yzaguirre Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Richard S. Stoddart Primary responsibilities include: Assisting our Board in its oversight of (i) the integrity of our financial statements and financial reporting processes and systems of internal control, (ii) the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm, (iii) the performance of our internal auditors and the internal audit function, (iv) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and (v) our policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management and exposure to certain risks (such as financial and accounting risk, legal and regulatory risk, compliance risk, cybersecurity risk and business continuity risk). Preparing the Audit Committee report that the rules of the SEC require us to include in our proxy statement. See Audit Committee Matters beginning on page 33 for further information on the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee consists entirely of non-management directors all of whom our Board has determined are independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are financially literate and that Mr. Clarke, Ms. Connelly, Mr. Mu oz, Mr. Stoddart and Mr. Yzaguirre are audit committee financial experts within the meaning set forth in the regulations of the SEC. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Compensation and Talent Development Committee 2025 Meetings: 6 Report: See page 59 Chair Other Members George Mu oz Marjorie M. Connelly Kathryn B. McQuade M. Max Yzaguirre R. Matt Davis Virginia E. Shanks Primary responsibilities include: Evaluating the design and effectiveness of our overall compensation program and monitoring risks related to such design. Determining and approving CEO compensation and reviewing and approving the compensation of our other executive officers. Reviewing and approving a group of peer companies against which to benchmark the compensation of our executive officers. Reviewing and administering our compensation recoupment policies. Overseeing the development of executive succession plans, evaluating and making recommendations to our Board regarding potential CEO candidates and evaluating and approving candidates for other senior executive positions. Reviewing initiatives and programs related to corporate culture, talent development and inclusion and opportunity. Reviewing and evaluating the say on pay vote outcomes and other shareholder feedback on executive compensation programs. See Executive Compensation beginning on page 38 for further information on the C TD Committee. The C TD Committee consists entirely of non-management directors all of whom our Board has determined are independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE and non-employee directors for the purposes of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. Executive Committee 2025 Meetings: 1 Chair Other Members Kathryn B. McQuade Marjorie M. Connelly Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Virginia E. Shanks William F. Gifford, Jr. George Mu oz Ellen R. Strahlman Has authority to act for our Board during intervals between Board meetings to the extent permitted by Virginia law. Finance Committee 2025 Meetings: 6 Chair Other Members Virginia E. Shanks Ian L.T. Clarke George Mu oz M. Max Yzaguirre Kathryn B. McQuade Ellen R. Strahlman Primary responsibilities include: Monitoring our financial condition, overseeing the sources and uses of cash flow and advising our Board with respect to financing needs, dividend policy, share repurchase programs, capital allocation matters (including those that support our harm reduction efforts and strategic opportunities) and other financial matters. Reviewing our annual budgets, financial forecasts and long-term financial plans. Reviewing strategies regarding mergers, acquisitions, investments and dispositions with management and reporting the findings to our Board. Reviewing our investor relations strategy, investor composition and perspectives and analyst coverage. The Finance Committee consists entirely of non-management directors all of whom our Board has determined are independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. 20 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Innovation Committee 2025 Meetings: 3 Chair Other Members Ellen R. Strahlman R. Matt Davis Virginia E. Shanks M. Max Yzaguirre Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Richard S. Stoddart Primary responsibilities include: Assisting our Board in its oversight of the strategic goals and objectives of our businesses innovation and marketing strategies, consumer/market understanding and brand plans, technological initiatives and research, development and engineering programs. Reviewing and discussing with management our businesses product safety risk management programs. Reviewing the soundness and risks associated with technologies and other activities (including AI) in which our businesses are investing their innovation resources. The Innovation Committee consists entirely of non-management directors all of whom our Board has determined are independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Committee 2025 Meetings: 4 Chair Other Members Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Ian L.T. Clarke R. Matt Davis Ellen R. Strahlman Marjorie M. Connelly Richard S. Stoddart Primary responsibilities include: Identifying individuals qualified to become directors consistent with the criteria established by our Board and described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and recommending to our Board a slate of nominees for election at each annual meeting of shareholders. Making recommendations to our Board concerning the appropriate size, function, needs, composition and structure of our Board and its committees. Reviewing non-employee director compensation and recommending any changes in compensation to our Board. Advising and making recommendations to our Board on corporate governance matters. Overseeing the annual Board and committee self-evaluation process. Providing oversight of our public affairs, corporate reputation and corporate responsibility focus area strategies. The NCGSR Committee consists entirely of non-management directors all of whom our Board has determined are independent within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Board Meetings and Attendance 7 meetings in 2025 Our Board holds six regular meetings a year, with special meetings occurring when necessary. 2025 Regular Board Meetings: Each director attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of our Board and the committees on which he or she served during his or her respective term of service in 2025. In addition, all directors then serving attended the 2025 Annual Meeting. Our Board s organizational meeting follows our annual meeting of shareholders. Our Board meets in executive session at every regularly scheduled Board meeting, followed by a session of only independent directors led by the Board Chair. Directors are expected to attend Board meetings, meetings of the committees on which they serve and our annual meeting of shareholders, with the understanding that on occasion a director may be unable to attend a meeting. Board Effectiveness We believe our Board practices strengthen the effectiveness of our Board. Board Succession Planning and Refreshment The NCGSR Committee has the primary responsibility for developing a succession plan for our Board. Using tools such as the annual Board and committee self-evaluations and our Board retirement guidelines, the NCGSR Committee periodically reviews our Board composition and identifies the appropriate mix of skills, experiences, tenures and demographic backgrounds for our Board as a whole in light of our strategies and needs with the objective of recommending a group of directors who can best continue our success and act in the best interests of Altria and our shareholders. While we believe the size and composition of our Board are appropriate, our Board devotes substantive attention and focus on Board succession planning to meet our Board s and Altria s future needs. The NCGSR Committee and our Board are committed to evaluating the need for board refreshment on an ongoing basis and developing a diverse pool of potential candidates for future Board service consideration. In evaluating the need for refreshment, our Board considers a number of factors, including the characteristics, skills, experience and demographic backgrounds of our directors and the evolution of our strategies. Our Board also believes in the importance of appropriately balancing newer directors with a modest number of longer-serving directors who possess more extensive knowledge of Altria and our strategies, opportunities and challenges. Since 2021, seven independent directors have left our Board (four retirements, two deaths and one to focus on employment obligations). Five of our independent directors have joined our Board since 2021. Marjorie M. Connelly R. Matt Davis Ian L.T. Clarke M. Max Yzaguirre Richard S. Stoddart 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 One director departed Three directors departed One director departed Two directors departed In addition, Mr. Mancuso, who is currently our Executive Vice President and CFO and will become CEO effective upon the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting, was elected as a director by our Board effective January 29, 2026. See Process for Nominating Directors and Board Composition on pages 11 and 12 , respectively, for a further discussion of our Board composition. 22 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Board and Committee Self-Evaluations Under the oversight of the NCGSR Committee, our Board assesses annually its effectiveness and that of its committees through a self-evaluation process. Our Board considers the assessment results and, as appropriate, implements enhancements and other modifications to further enhance Board effectiveness. Format The NCGSR Committee determines the format of the evaluations, which may include interviews conducted by the Board Chair, interviews conducted by the NCGSR Committee Chair, interviews conducted by an independent third party or written surveys. Topics Self-evaluation topics generally include: Board composition and structure Meeting topics and process Information flow Board oversight of risk management and strategic planning Board succession planning Access to management Presentation of Findings The results of the self-evaluations are reported to our Board, which discusses the results to identify opportunities to enhance effectiveness. Limitations on Other Public Company Board Service Our Corporate Governance Guidelines include limitations on directors service on other public company boards to prevent other commitments from interfering with a director s duties. Specifically, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that: directors should not serve on more than three other public company boards; and no member of the Audit Committee may simultaneously serve on the audit committees of more than two other public companies unless our Board determines that such service would not impair the ability of such member to effectively serve on the Audit Committee. All directors and nominees are in compliance with these limits. Directors are expected to inform the Board Chair and the NCGSR Committee Chair upon becoming a director of any other public company or becoming a member of the audit committee of any other public company. The NCGSR Committee takes into account the nature and extent of the other commitments an individual may have when determining whether to nominate that individual for election or re-election as a director. Board Retirement Guidelines Our Corporate Governance Guidelines include retirement guidelines that require a director who will have attained the age of 75 as of the date of the next annual meeting to tender his or her written resignation to our Board at least six months prior to such annual meeting. If our Board determines that continued service by the director is in the best interests of Altria and our shareholders, our Board has the discretion not to accept the resignation. Director Onboarding, Continuing Education and Engagement Upon election to our Board, new directors participate in a multi-day comprehensive onboarding process that includes an introduction to the operational aspects of our businesses, our strategies, key issues facing Altria, our Board governance processes and other topics. New directors meet individually with various members of management and visit key facilities, as appropriate, as part of the onboarding program. Continuing education occurs at Board and committee meetings, with specific topics of interest covered by management or outside experts. We recently provided our Board with training on topics including AI, underage tobacco prevention, responsible marketing and our Code of Conduct. We also make available to our directors third-party director education programs that provide additional perspective on various topics. Directors may also choose self-selected educational programs. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Governance Guidelines, Policies and Codes Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines. In addition, our Board has adopted the Director Code and a policy with regard to reviewing certain transactions in which we are a participant and an officer, director or nominee for director has had or may have a direct or indirect material interest (see Related Person Transactions and Director Code and the Code of Conduct on page 14 for further information). Our Board has also adopted the Code of Conduct, which applies to all our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. The Corporate Governance Guidelines, Director Code and Code of Conduct are available on our website at www.altria.com under About Altria . Director Compensation Compensation Philosophy Our philosophy is to provide competitive compensation necessary to attract and retain high-quality non-employee directors and appropriately compensate them for the time, expertise and effort required to serve as a director of a large publicly traded company that operates in a dynamic, highly regulated industry. Our Board believes that a substantial portion of director compensation should consist of equity-based compensation, coupled with robust stock ownership guidelines, to assist in aligning directors interests with the interests of our shareholders. Directors who are employees of Altria receive no additional compensation for service as a director. Director Compensation Review The NCGSR Committee reviews and periodically recommends updates to the director compensation program to our Board for approval. During these reviews, the NCGSR Committee considers our director compensation philosophy, the competitiveness of director compensation based on an independent benchmarking study (which evaluates director compensation at companies within our Compensation Survey Group ( CSG ) described under Benchmarking beginning on page 57, other peer groups and relevant market indices) and current market practices. The NCGSR Committee also considers the appropriateness of the form, mix and amount of director compensation. The NCGSR Committee then makes a recommendation to our Board concerning such compensation with a view toward attracting and retaining qualified directors. Board Chair Compensation The NCGSR Committee believes that additional compensation for the Board Chair is appropriate given the additional responsibilities of an independent Board Chair, such as establishing agendas and confirming appropriate meeting content, leading executive sessions during each Board meeting, providing guidance to our CEO as to our Board s views and perspectives, meeting with investors, as appropriate, and engaging with our CEO between Board meetings. As shown below, the additional compensation consists of an annual Board Chair cash retainer and an annual Board Chair stock award. The stock award presently represents 60% of the additional Board Chair compensation to further align the interests of our Board Chair with the interests of our shareholders. Effective in 2025, on the recommendation of the NCGSR Committee, our Board increased the aggregate fair market value of the annual stock award for non-employee directors by $10,000 and the annual cash retainers for the Finance Committee Chair, Innovation Committee Chair and NCGSR Committee Chair by $3,000, representing the first increase to the annual stock award since 2014 and the first increase in the cash component of our directors compensation since 2016. The Board did not modify the annual cash Board retainer, annual cash committee membership retainer, cash retainer for the Chairs of the C TD and Audit Committees or Board Chair stock award and cash retainer. 24 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Components of 2025 Compensation The following chart presents the 2025 components of compensation for our non-employee directors: Annual Stock Award Annual Cash Retainers Board Member (1) $185,000 Board Member (2) $110,000 Board Chair (3) $150,000 Board Chair (3) $100,000 Committees (4) Chair Member (5) Audit Compensation and Talent Development $25,000 $5,000 Finance Innovation Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility $18, 00 0 (1) The annual full value stock award is in the form of fully vested shares of Altria common stock. (2) Paid in quarterly installments. (3) The Board Chair also receives the annual Board member stock award, the annual Board member cash retainer and the annual committee member cash retainers for the committees on which he or she serves. (4) No additional compensation is paid for membership on the Executive Committee. (5) Committee chairs also receive the committee member annual cash retainer. (6) These percentages are averages and do not include the annual Board Chair stock award or annual Board Chair cash retainer. Deferrals of Cash Retainers and Equity Awards A non-employee director may elect to defer all or part of his or her cash retainers. Pursuant to the Deferred Fee Plan for Non-Employee Directors ( Deferred Fee Plan ), deferred retainers are credited to an unfunded bookkeeping account and may be invested in various investment choices, including an Altria common stock equivalent account. These investment choices parallel the investment options offered under the Deferred Profit-Sharing Plan for Salaried Employees and determine the earnings that are credited for bookkeeping purposes to a non-employee director s account. The non-employee director will receive cash distributions of deferred retainers either prior to or following termination of service from our Board, as elected by the non-employee director. A non-employee director may also elect to defer all or part of his or her annual award of shares of common stock. Pursuant to the 2025 Stock Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors ( 2025 Director Stock Plan ), the non-employee director will receive deferred awards of common stock either prior to or following termination of service from our Board, as elected by the non-employee director. Matching Gift Program Non-employee directors are eligible to participate in our Match Your Dollars Program. This program is available to all U.S. employees and non-employee directors. We match eligible donations up to $30,000 per year per employee or non-employee director on a dollar-for-dollar basis to eligible non-profit organizations in the U.S. (including Puerto Rico). In 2025, the following non-employee directors participated in this program: Ms. Connelly, Mr. Davis, Ms. Kelly-Ennis, Mr. Mu oz, Ms. McQuade, Ms. Shanks, Mr. Stoddart and Mr. Yzaguirre. The aggregate amount of matching payments for these directors in 2025 was $184,862. Because Mr. Clarke resides outside of the U.S., he is not eligible to participate in our Match Your Dollars Program. Other In addition to cash payments, stock awards and matching gifts, non-employee directors are covered under our Business Travel Accident Insurance Plan, which is available generally to all employees. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A The following table presents the compensation received by the non-employee directors for service as directors in fiscal year 2025. Non-Employee Director Compensation Table Fees Earned or Paid in Stock All Other Cash Awards Compensation Total Name ($) ($) (1) ($) (2) ($) Ian L.T. Clarke 125,000 185,052 - 310,052 Marjorie M. Connelly 150,000 185,052 30,000 365,052 R. Matt Davis 125,000 185,052 30,000 340,052 Debra J. Kelly-Ennis 143,000 185,052 14,300 342,352 Kathryn B. McQuade 220,000 335,037 30,000 585,037 George Mu oz 150,000 185,052 18,000 353,052 Virginia E. Shanks 143,000 185,052 20,000 348,052 Richard S. Stoddart (3) 114,917 185,052 30,500 330,469 Ellen R. Strahlman 143,000 185,052 - 328,052 M. Max Yzaguirre 130,000 185,052 12,062 327,114 (1) Pursuant to the 2015 Director Stock Plan, on May 15, 2025, each non-employee director received 3,219 shares of Altria common stock with an aggregate grant date fair market value of $185,052, and Ms. McQuade received an additional 2,609 shares of Altria common stock with an aggregate grant date fair market value of $149,985 as Board Chair. The grant date fair market value of the Board member stock award is slightly higher than $185,000 because the grant was made in whole shares. The grant date fair market value of Ms. McQuade s combined stock award is slightly higher than $335,000 because the grant was made in whole shares. The grant date fair market value of $57.4875 per share was based on the average of the high and low trading prices of Altria common stock on May 15, 2025. (2) All Other Compensation consists of matching gifts paid in 2025 under our Match Your Dollars Program. (3) Mr. Stoddart became a director effective February 3, 2025. Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors Our Board believes that stock ownership guidelines further align the interests of our Board with those of our shareholders. Our non-employee directors are expected to hold shares of our common stock in an amount equal to the lesser of five times the then-current annual Board member cash retainer or 26,000 shares. Non-employee directors are expected to reach this ownership level within five years of being elected to our Board and to hold the requisite number of shares until retirement. The ownership guidelines for non-employee directors may be satisfied with all beneficially owned shares, including deferred shares and share equivalents. As of December 31, 2025, all our non-employee directors who had served on our Board for five or more years satisfied these guidelines. 26 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Proposal 1 Election of Directors Our Board recommends a vote FOR each nominee . At the 2025 Annual Meeting, shareholders elected each of the nominees for director with at least 96% of the shares voting, voting for their election. We propose that the 10 individuals named below, nine of whom our Board has affirmatively determined to be independent, be elected as directors to hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified, subject to their earlier death, resignation or removal. The NCGSR Committee has recommended to our Board, and our Board has approved, the individuals named below for nomination. We provide information on each nominee in the biographies below. The NCGSR Committee and our Board believe that these nominees individually and collectively provide our Board with an impressive breadth of experiences, attributes, qualifications and skills. Although it is not anticipated that any of the individuals named below will be unable or unwilling to stand for election, in the event of such an occurrence, a proxy may be voted for a substitute designated by our Board. In lieu of designating a substitute, our Board may reduce the number of directors. In connection with his retirement as CEO effective upon the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting, Mr. Gifford will not stand for re-election to our Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. In addition, George Mu oz will retire from our Board following the completion of his current term. As a result, our Board will be reduced to 10 members on the date of 2026 Annual Meeting. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of individuals than the number of nominees. RECOMMENDATION FOR Our Board recommends a vote FOR each of the nominees for election as directors. 2026 Director Nominee Biographies and Qualifications Independent Age: 65 Director Since: 2022 Board Committees: Audit Finance Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Ian L.T. Clarke Position, Principal Occupation and Professional Experience: Retired Chief Financial Officer, Greater Toronto Airports Authority Served as Chief Financial Officer of Greater Toronto Airports Authority, operator of Toronto Pearson International Airport, Canada s largest airport, from 2017 through December 2022. Served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Business Development of Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment Ltd. ( Maple Leaf Sports ), owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs, Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC and the Air Canada Centre, from 2004 through 2016. Mr. Clarke spent 26 years at Maple Leaf Sports in key strategic planning and financial leadership positions. Other Current Public Directorships: None. Prior Public Company Directorships: None. Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: AGF Management Limited (TSX: AGF.B); First Capital Real Estate Investment Trust (TSX: FCR.UN); Canadian Olympic Committee; Canadian Olympic Foundation. Director Qualifications: The NCGSR Committee believes that Mr. Clarke s significant financial, accounting, strategic planning, business operations, risk management and public company board experience provide clear support for his nomination for election to our Board. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Independent Age: 64 Director Since: 2021 Board Committees: Audit (Chair) Compensation and Talent Development Executive Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Marjorie M. Connelly Position, Principal Occupation and Professional Experience: Retired Chief Operating Officer, Convergys Corporation Served as Chief Operating Officer of Convergys Corporation (now Concentrix Corporation), a publicly traded global leader in customer management, from November 2014 through December 2017. Served as Interim President of Longwood University from June 2012 to May 2013. Served as Global Chief Operating Officer at Barclaycard from July 2009 through December 2011. Served as Chief Operating Officer of Wachovia Securities from April 2006 to July 2008. Held a variety of executive positions at Capital One Financial Corporation, including Executive Vice President, Head of Infrastructure for U.S. credit card operations and interim Chief Information Officer, from 1994 to 2006. Other Current Public Directorships: PRA Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: PRAA). Prior Public Company Directorships: None. Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: MissionOG Capital LLC (Advisor); Piedmont Virginia Community College Foundation; The Women s Initiative (Director Emeritus). Previously served on the board of the State Council of Higher Education for Virginia. Director Qualifications: The NCGSR Committee believes that Ms. Connelly s extensive operational executive management experience at large publicly held consumer-oriented companies, together with her financial acumen and experience, information technology and cybersecurity experience, general business knowledge and public company board experience, provide clear support for her nomination for election to our Board. Independent Age: 61 Director Since: 2021 Board Committees: Compensation and Talent Development Innovation Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility R. Matt Davis Position, Principal Occupation and Professional Experience: Retired President, North America, and Senior Vice President, Global Corporate Affairs, Dow Inc. and President, Driftwood Leadership, LLC Serves as President of Driftwood Leadership, LLC, a leadership training and consulting firm, since 2019. Served as President, North America, and Senior Vice President, Global Corporate Affairs, of Dow Inc. ( Dow ), an innovative materials science company, from 2016 to 2019. Held a variety of executive corporate affairs, communications and leadership roles across the Dow organization, from 1987 to 2016. Other Current Public Directorships: None. Prior Public Company Directorships: None. Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: Michigan State University, College of Communications, Arts Sciences Alumni Board; Lake State Railway Company. Previously served on the boards of World Freerunning Parkour Federation, Saratoga WarHorse Foundation, Inc. and After the Impact Fund, Inc. Director Qualifications: The NCGSR Committee believes that Mr. Davis s extensive public policy, business and executive leadership experiences in a highly regulated industry (including his role leading Dow s largest operating division) provide clear support for his nomination for election to our Board. 28 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Independent Age: 69 Director Since: 2013 Board Committees: Audit Executive Innovation Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility (Chair) Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Position, Principal Occupation and Professional Experience: Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Diageo Canada, Inc. Served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Diageo Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Diageo plc, a global spirits, wine and beer company, from 2008 to June 2012. Served as Chief Marketing Officer for Diageo North America, Inc., a subsidiary of Diageo plc, from 2005 to 2008. Held marketing, sales and general management positions with RJR/Nabisco, Inc., The Coca-Cola Company, General Motors Corporation and Grand Metropolitan PLC. Other Current Public Directorships: TFI International Inc. (NYSE and TSX: TFII). Prior Public Company Directorships: Carnival Corporation plc (2012 to January 2020) (NYSE: CCL); PulteGroup, Inc. (1997 to September 2016) (NYSE: PHM); Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (2013 to October 2015) (NASDAQ: HTZ). Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: Dress for Success Worldwide (Director Emeritus). Director Qualifications: The NCGSR Committee believes that Ms. Kelly-Ennis s leadership experiences, particularly her executive positions with several large, consumer-focused companies in multiple industries, and her significant marketing, innovation, public company board experience, sales and distribution experience at large publicly held companies, including companies in the consumer-packaged goods industry, provide clear support for her nomination for election to our Board. Furthermore, Ms. Kelly-Ennis s skills and leadership experiences are complemented by her knowledge of Altria and our strategies, opportunities and challenges that she has gained in her years of service on our Board. Age: 60 Director Since: 2026 Salvatore Mancuso Position, Principal Occupation and Professional Experience: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Altria Group, Inc. Serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Altria Group, Inc. since April 2020. Served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Procurement of Altria Group, Inc. from June 2018 to April 2020. Served as Senior Vice President, Strategy, Planning and Procurement from February 2016 to June 2018. Served as Senior Vice President, Strategy, Planning and Accounting from March 2015 to February 2016. He ld numerous other senior leadership roles since joining the Altria family of companies in 1990. Other Current Public Directorships: Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (Euronext: ABI; NYSE: BUD). Prior Public Company Directorships: None. Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: Richmond Performing Arts Corporation; GreenCity Community Development Authority for Henrico County. Director Qualifications: The NCGSR Committee believes that Mr. Mancuso s role as Altria s Executive Vice President and CFO, pending the effectiveness of his election to the office of CEO and his significant knowledge and understanding of Altria, our businesses and the external environment in which our businesses operate, together with his significant industry knowledge, financial expertise, leadership experience and public company board experience, provide clear support for his nomination for election to our Board. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Independent Age: 69 Director Since: 2012 Chair of the Board Board Committees: Compensation and Talent Development Executive (Chair) Finance Kathryn B. McQuade Position, Principal Occupation and Professional Experience: Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Served as Senior Advisor of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited ( Canadian Pacific ), a transcontinental railway in Canada and the United States, from November 2012 to May 2013, after previously serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Canadian Pacific from September 2008 until her retirement in November 2012. Served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Canadian Pacific from June 2007 to September 2008. Served as Executive Vice President Planning and Chief Information Officer at Norfolk Southern Corporation where she spent 27 years in key information technology, strategic planning and finance leadership positions prior to joining Canadian Pacific. Other Current Public Directorships: None. Prior Public Company Directorships: None. Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: Previously served on the boards of TransAlta Renewables Inc. (TSX: RNW) and The College of William Mary Foundation. Director Qualifications: The NCGSR Committee believes that Ms. McQuade s significant financial and accounting expertise, particularly her experience as a public company chief financial officer, her information technology and cybersecurity experience, her general business knowledge and her executive management experience in a regulated industry, provide clear support for her nomination for election to our Board. Additionally, Ms. McQuade s institutional knowledge of Altria and our strategies, opportunities and challenges that she gained during her tenure on our Board benefits her role as Chair of our Board and promotes Board effectiveness. Independent Age: 65 Director Since: 2017 Board Committees: Compensation and Talent Development Executive Finance (Chair) Innovation Virginia E. Shanks Position, Principal Occupation and Professional Experience: Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. Served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc. ( Pinnacle ), a casino entertainment company, from July 2013 until October 2018 when Pinnacle merged with Penn National Gaming, Inc. ( Penn National ), also a casino entertainment company. Served as Strategic Advisor for Penn National through December 2019 after the merger. Served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Pinnacle from October 2010 to June 2013. Served as Chief Marketing Officer for Multimedia Games Inc., a casino gaming systems production company, from 2008 to 2010 prior to joining Pinnacle. Held senior executive positions for more than 25 years at the property, division and corporate levels of Caesars Entertainment Corp., including Senior Vice President of Brand Management, prior to 2008. Other Current Public Directorships: EPR Properties (NYSE: EPR); Light Wonder, Inc. (NASDAQ: LNW). Prior Public Company Directorships: None. Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: Previously served on the board of Rebuilding Together Northern Nevada. Director Qualifications: The NCGSR Committee believes that Ms. Shanks s significant regulated industry and consumer-oriented marketing expertise, particularly her extensive background in brand positioning and digital and database marketing, as well as her experience in information technology and cybersecurity and public company board experience, provide clear support for her nomination for election to our Board. 30 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Independent Age: 63 Director Since: 2025 Board Committees: Audit Innovation Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Richard S. Stoddart Position, Principal Occupation and Professional Experience: Chair of the Board of Hasbro, Inc. and former President and Chief Executive Officer of InnerWorkings, Inc. Serves as the Chair of the Board of Hasbro, Inc., a multi-national toy manufacturing and entertainment holding company, since February 2022. Served as interim Chief Executive Officer of Hasbro, Inc. from October 2021 until February 2022. Served as President and Chief Executive Officer of InnerWorkings, Inc., a global marketing execution firm, from 2018 until October 2020 when InnerWorkings, Inc. was acquired. Served as Chief Executive Officer of Leo Burnett Worldwide, one of the world s largest advertising agencies, from February 2017 to 2018, after previously serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Leo Burnett North America from 2013 to 2016 and President of Leo Burnett North America from 2005 to 2013. Other Current Public Directorships: Hasbro, Inc. (NASDAQ: HAS). Prior Public Company Directorships: InnerWorkings, Inc. (2018 to 2020) ( NASDAQ: INWK); Selina Hospitality PLC (2022 to 2024) (NASDAQ: SLNA) . Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: Affinity Answers; Highdive, LLC; The Off The Street Club ; Mavera.io (Advisor); Gymnasium Group (Advisor). Previously served on the board of Carbon Media Group, LLC. Director Qualifications: The NCGSR Committee believes that Mr. Stoddart s significant experience in advertising, marketing, building global brands and businesses, as well his professional, administrative and leadership experiences in both the private and public sectors, and public company board experience provide clear support for his nomination for election to our Board. Independent Age: 68 Director Since: 2020 Board Committees: Executive Finance Innovation (Chair) Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Ellen R. Strahlman Position, Principal Occupation and Professional Experience: Retired Executive Vice President, Research Development and Chief Medical Officer, Becton, Dickinson and Company Served as Executive Vice President, Research Development and Chief Medical Officer of Becton, Dickinson and Company, a leading global medical technology company, from April 2013 until her retirement in January 2018. Served as a Senior Advisor to the CEO at GlaxoSmithKline, a global biopharma company, from April 2012 through March 2013, after previously serving as the Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer from April 2008 through March 2012. Held senior executive leadership roles in global product development and commercialization, medical affairs and business development at leading pharmaceutical and medical technology companies including Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, Virogen Limited, Bausch Lomb, Inc. and Merck Co., Inc. prior to 2008. Other Current Public Directorships: Hyperion DeFi, Inc. (NASDAQ: HYPD). Prior Public Company Directorships: None. Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: Previously served on the boards of Syncona Limited (LSE: SYNC) and Syncona Partners LLP. Director Qualifications: The NCGSR Committee believes that Dr. Strahlman s significant experience in innovation, global product development and commercialization in regulated industries, public company board experience, as well as her medical background and experience in biosciences, provide clear support for her nomination for election to our Board. Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Independent Age: 65 Director Since: 2022 Board Committees: Audit Compensation and Talent Development Finance Innovation M. Max Yzaguirre Position, Principal Occupation and Professional Experience: Retired Executive Chairman, Forbes Bros. Holdings, Ltd. Served as U.S. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Forbes Bros. Holdings, Ltd., an energy infrastructure construction company, from 2017 to 2019, and as Executive Chairman from 2019 to 2021. Served as Chief Executive Officer of Yzaguirre Group, LLC, a business and public affairs strategic advisory firm, from 2006 to 2017. Served as Chairman of Isolux Ingenieria USA, LLC, the U.S. operation and wholly owned subsidiary of Isolux Corsan S.A., a Spanish engineering, procurement and construction company, from 2011 to 2013, having previously served as Chief Executive Officer from 2010 to 2011. Served as President of Hunt-Mexico, Inc., an investor in energy, real estate and private equity opportunities, and as President of Hunt Resources, Inc., an investor in energy production and transportation opportunities, from 2002 to 2006. Other Current Public Directorships: WaFd, Inc. (NASDAQ: WAFD); Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc. (NYSE: SEI). Prior Public Company Directorships: Aris Water Solutions, Inc. (2021 to 2025) (NYSE: ARIS); Luther Burbank Corporation (2021 to 2024) (NASDAQ: LBC); BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc. (2009 to 2021); Texas Regional Bancshares, Inc. (2000 to 2006) (NASDAQ: TRBS). Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: Washington Federal Bank dba WaFd Bank. Previously served on the boards of BBVA USA Bank and Texas State Bank. Director Qualifications: The NCGSR Committee believes that Mr. Yzaguirre s executive leadership experience, financial acumen, domestic and international business and public affairs experience (including with highly regulated industries) and public company board experience, provide clear support for his nomination for election to our Board. 32 Altria Group, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Summary Governance Proposal 1 Audit Matters Proposal 2 Compensation Proposal 3 Ownership Q A Exhibit A Audit Committee Matters Annual Evaluation and Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PricewaterhouseCoopers ) has been our independent registered public accounting firm since 1998. Prior to 1998, 