=== MO_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A . Item 2. Properties. ALCS owns one property in Richmond, Virginia that serves as the headquarters facilities for Altria, PM USA, USSTC, Middleton, Helix, NJOY and certain other subsidiaries. PM USA owns and operates a manufacturing facility located in Richmond, Virginia that PM USA uses in the manufacturing of cigarettes (smokeable products segment). PM USA leases portions of this facility to our other subsidiaries for use in the manufacturing of cigars (smokeable products segment) and oral nicotine pouches (oral tobacco products segment). In addition, PM USA owns a research and technology center in Richmond, Virginia that it leases to ALCS. The oral tobacco products segment has various manufacturing and processing facilities, the most significant of which are located in Nashville, Tennessee and Hopkinsville, Kentucky. The plants and properties owned or leased and operated by us are maintained in good condition and are believed to be suitable and adequate for present needs. 17 Table of Contents Item 3. Legal Proceedings. The information required by this Item is included in Note 18 and Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to this Form 10-K. Altria s consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended December 31, 2025 were filed on Form 8-K on January 29, 2026 (such consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are also included in Item 8). The following summarizes certain developments in Altria s litigation since the filing of the Form 8-K. Recent Developments Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation Continuing NPM Adjustment Disputes with States That Have Not Settled . In February 2026, an arbitration panel found that Missouri was not diligent in the enforcement of its escrow statutes in 2005. Antitrust Litigation In February 2026, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California certified three classes of plaintiffs (one of direct purchasers, one of indirect purchasers and one of indirect resellers). Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 18 Table of Contents Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Performance Graph The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of our common stock for the last five years with the cumulative total return for the same period of the S P 500 Index and the S P Food, Beverage and Tobacco Industry Group Total Return Index. The graph assumes the investment of $100 in common stock and each of the indices as of the market close on December 31, 2020 and the reinvestment of all dividends on a quarterly basis. Date Altria S P Food, Beverage Tobacco S P 500 December 2020 $ 100.00 $ 100.00 $ 100.00 December 2021 $ 124.26 $ 116.18 $ 128.71 December 2022 $ 129.70 $ 126.72 $ 105.40 December 2023 $ 125.06 $ 121.25 $ 133.10 December 2024 $ 176.17 $ 125.52 $ 166.40 December 2025 $ 208.24 $ 135.97 $ 196.16 Source: FactSet - Total return assumes reinvestment of dividends as of the ex-dividend date. Market and Dividend Information The principal stock exchange on which our common stock (par value $0.33 1/3 per share) is listed is the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol MO . At February 13, 2026, there were approximately 44,000 holders of record of our common stock. We have a history of paying cash dividends, and have a progressive dividend goal targeting mid-single digits dividend per share growth annually through 2028. Future dividend payments remain subject to the discretion of our Board. 19 Table of Contents Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities During the Quarter Ended December 31, 2025 In January 2025, our Board authorized a $1.0 billion share repurchase program. In October 2025, the Board authorized a $1.0 billion expansion of this program to $2.0 billion, which expires on December 31, 2026 (as expanded, January 2025 share repurchase program ). Share repurchases depend upon marketplace conditions and other factors, and the program remains subject to the discretion of our Board. Our share repurchase activity for each of the three months in the period ended December 31, 2025, was as follows: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1- October 31, 2025 1,796,943 $ 61.52 1,796,943 $ 1,177,389,567 November 1- November 30, 2025 1,561,299 $ 58.26 1,560,904 $ 1,086,445,148 December 1- December 31, 2025 1,477,862 $ 58.54 1,476,775 $ 1,000,000,025 For the Quarter Ended December 31, 2025 4,836,104 $ 59.56 4,834,622 (1) The total number of shares purchased includes (a) shares purchased under the January 2025 share repurchase program and (b) shares withheld by Altria in an amount equal to the statutory withholding taxes for vested stock-based awards previously granted to eligible employees (which totaled 395 in November and 1,087 in December). Item 6. [Reserved]. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in Item 8, and the discussion of risk factors that may affect future results in Item 1A. All references to Notes in this MD A are to Notes to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Additionally, refer to Item 7. MD A in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K for management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, which we filed with the SEC on February 26, 2025 and is incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. In this MD A section, we refer to the following adjusted financial measures: adjusted operating companies income (loss) ( OCI ); adjusted OCI margins; adjusted net earnings; adjusted diluted earnings per share ( EPS ); and adjusted effective tax rates. We also refer to the ratio of debt-to-Consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as defined in our credit agreement, which includes certain adjustments). These financial measures are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, GAAP and may not be calculated the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. These financial measures should thus be considered as supplemental in nature and not considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. For a further description of these non-GAAP financial measures, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below. Executive Summary Our Business We have a leading portfolio of tobacco products for U.S. tobacco consumers age 21+. We are Moving Beyond Smoking TM , by responsibly transitioning adult smokers to a smoke-free future, competing vigorously for existing smoke-free adult nicotine consumers and exploring new growth opportunities - beyond the United States and beyond nicotine. Our wholly owned subsidiaries include leading manufacturers of both combustible and smoke-free products. In combustibles, we own PM USA, the most profitable U.S. cigarette manufacturer, and Middleton, a leading U.S. cigar manufacturer. In smoke-free products, we own USSTC, the leading global MST manufacturer, Helix, a leading manufacturer of oral nicotine pouches, and NJOY, an e-vapor manufacturer with products covered by MGOs from the FDA. Additionally, we have a majority-owned joint venture, Horizon, for the U.S. marketing and commercialization of HTS products. The brand portfolios of our operating companies include Marlboro , Black Mild , Copenhagen , Skoal , on! and NJOY . Trademarks related to Altria referenced in this Form 10-K are the property of Altria or our subsidiaries or are used with permission. Our investments in equity securities include ABI, the world s largest brewer, and Cronos, a leading Canadian cannabinoid company. For a description of Altria, see Item 1. Business of this Form 10-K ( Item 1 ). 20 Table of Contents Vision and 2028 Goals As we execute on our Vision, we established our 2028 Enterprise Goals ( 2028 Goals ) to provide our investors with specific metrics to measure our progress. Our 2028 Goals are: Corporate Deliver a mid-single digits adjusted diluted EPS compounded annual growth rate ( CAGR ) in 2028 from a $4.87 base in 2022, which has been recast as described in Non-GAAP Financial Measures below (for our progress through 2025, see Consolidated Results of Operations ); A progressive dividend goal targeting mid-single digits dividend per share growth annually through 2028; Target a debt-to-Consolidated EBITDA ratio of approximately 2.0x (see Liquidity and Capital Resources ); Maintain our leadership position in the U.S. tobacco space; and Maintain a total adjusted OCI margin of at least 60% in each year through 2028 (see Operating Results by Business Segment ). U.S. Smoke-Free Portfolio Due to ongoing market disruption caused by illicit e-vapor products that have evaded the regulatory process, we continue to reassess our smoke-free goals and expect to provide updated goals when we have more clarity on how the legitimate e-vapor market may evolve. We remain steadfast in our commitment to our Vision and to building a portfolio of FDA-authorized smoke-free products for adult smokers and adult nicotine consumers currently using smoke-free products. For additional information on the e-vapor category, see Operating Results by Business Segment - Business Environment. Long-Term Growth Compete internationally in the top innovative oral tobacco markets and develop a pathway to participate in heated tobacco and e-vapor markets; and Enter non-nicotine categories with broad commercial distribution of at least five products by 2028. Optimize Accelerate Initiative In October 2024, we announced a multi-phase Initiative designed to modernize our ways of working as we work towards achieving our Vision and 2028 Goals. In 2025, we began modernizing our ways of working, which enabled increased speed, efficiency and effectiveness across the organization. We are now adding the final phases of the Initiative and continue to expect to deliver cumulative savings of at least $600 million by the end of 2029. We continue to plan to reinvest these savings in our businesses in support of our Vision and 2028 Goals. These cumulative cost savings exclude our estimated pre-tax charges for the Initiative of approximately $175 million, updated from our prior estimate of approximately $125 million, as a result of finalizing the plans for all phases of the Initiative, which we treat as special items and exclude from our adjusted diluted EPS. For further discussion of the Initiative, see Note 5. Exit and Implementation Costs ( Note 5 ). Trends and Developments In this section of the MD A, we discuss certain factors that have impacted our businesses as of the date of this Form 10-K. In addition, we are aware of and address certain trends and developments that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material impact on our businesses, including the value of our investments in equity securities, in the future. In this section, we focus on the discretionary income pressures on adult nicotine consumers, tariffs, evolving consumer preferences and illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products. Other trends and developments are discussed elsewhere in this MD A. Throughout 2025, U.S. adult nicotine consumers faced persistent inflationary pressures on discretionary income, with lower-income consumers particularly affected. Inflation remained above the Federal Reserve s 2% target, and elevated prices for essentials such as groceries and housing continued to constrain spending, prompting many low-income earners to cut back and rely more heavily on credit. Gas prices trended downward as expected, with the most notable improvement seen in December when the average price fell to $2.89 per gallon, bringing the average in the fourth quarter of 2025 to approximately $3.00 per gallon. Meanwhile, tariffs introduced earlier in the year steadily increased over recent months, weighing on consumer confidence and adding headwinds to discretionary spending. While we have not observed a material impact on adult nicotine consumer purchasing behavior as a result of tariffs, we continue to closely monitor the additional pressure that tariff-related price increases may exert. In addition, we are monitoring other effects of tariffs on our businesses, including the price, availability and quality of tobacco, raw materials, ingredients and component parts used to manufacture our operating companies products. We do not expect tariffs to have a material impact on our costs in 2026 based on presently available information. Overall discretionary income pressures on adult nicotine consumers have resulted in increased discount brand share performance and continued to contribute to evolving adult nicotine consumer preferences, each of which has negatively impacted the sales volumes of our operating companies premium brands. For the fourth quarter of 2025, the discount retail share of the cigarette category reached 32.9%, an increase of 2.6 share points versus the fourth quarter of 2024 and 0.7 share points sequentially. Additionally, we believe that a significant number of adult nicotine consumers switch among tobacco categories, use multiple forms of tobacco products and try 21 Table of Contents innovative nicotine products, such as e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouches. The U.S. nicotine pouch category continued to grow throughout the fourth quarter of 2025 to 56.9% of the U.S. oral tobacco category, an increase of 10.4 share points versus the fourth quarter of 2024. When adjusted for trade inventory movements, smokeable products segment s domestic cigarette shipment volume declined by an estimated 7% in the fourth quarter of 2025 versus the fourth quarter of 2024. We estimate that, when adjusted for trade inventory movements and other factors, total estimated domestic cigarette industry volume declined by 6.5% in the fourth quarter of 2025 versus the fourth quarter of 2024. In the third quarter of 2025, we estimated the industry decline rate to be 8% versus the third quarter of 2024. We believe that the 1.5 percentage points reduction in the domestic cigarette industry volume decline rate in the current quarter was primarily due to illicit flavored disposable e-vapor product growth moderating slightly in 2025 as compared to the prior year. We have closely monitored this trend and its impact on cigarette industry decline rates. Based on our latest data, we are updating our cigarette category volume decomposition. We now estimate that cross-category movement, primarily driven by illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products, contributed approximately 2% to 3% to the cigarette industry volume decline during 2025 versus our prior estimate of approximately 3% to 4%. As innovative smoke-free products evolve to better address the preferences of adult nicotine consumers, these consumers continue to transition from cigarettes and MST products to innovative smoke-free products, which has negatively impacted the sales volumes of our operating companies cigarette and MST products. Product assortment, regulation and enforcement continue to evolve in the e-vapor category. Flavored disposable e-vapor products have continued driving growth in the e-vapor category. We estimate that flavored disposable e-vapor products, the majority of which we believe have evaded the regulatory process, represent approximately 70% of the e-vapor category. In response to the proliferation of illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products, states and the federal government have taken various regulatory and enforcement actions. For example, the FDA and U.S. Customs and Border Protection have made it more difficult to import properly declared illicit e-vapor products, seized unauthorized e-vapor products and issued warning letters to importers. However, although the FDA, in conjunction with other federal entities, has increased enforcement activity, insufficient actions against manufacturers, distributors and retailers of nicotine products requiring FDA review for which no PMTAs have been submitted have allowed such products to continue to proliferate in the market. We expect that effective enforcement against illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products will occur more gradually than initially anticipated. As a result, in connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded non-cash impairments of our e-vapor reporting unit goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets. For further discussion, see Note 4. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net. ( Note 4 ). Additionally, we continue to see increased illicit activity across multiple nicotine categories, including nicotine pouch products and cigarettes. Throughout 2024 and 2025, traditional tobacco retailers began to carry various synthetic oral nicotine pouch products. We continue to track the overall dynamics across multiple nicotine categories as well as competitive threats to our brands. See Operating Results by Business Segment - Business Environment for additional information on the trends and developments discussed above. With the exception of the impact of illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products on NJOY, the trends and developments above have not had a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We do not believe the trends and developments discussed above have materially impacted our ability to achieve our Vision. As the trends and developments evolve and new ones emerge, we will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our businesses, investments and Vision. 22 Table of Contents Consolidated Results of Operations The changes in net earnings and diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2025, from the year ended December 31, 2024, were due primarily to the following: (in millions, except per share data) Net Earnings Diluted EPS For the year ended December 31, 2024 $ 11,264 $ 6.54 2024 NPM Adjustment Items (20) (0.01) 2024 Acquisition and disposition-related items (1,862) (1.08) 2024 Asset impairment, exit and implementation costs 315 0.18 2024 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 76 0.04 2024 Amortization of intangibles 115 0.07 2024 ABI-related special items 2 2024 Cronos-related special items 15 0.01 2024 Income tax items (969) (0.56) Subtotal 2024 special items (1) (2,328) (1.35) 2025 NPM Adjustment Items 15 0.01 2025 Acquisition and disposition-related items (66) (0.04) 2025 Asset impairment, exit and implementation costs (1,921) (1.14) 2025 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items (44) (0.03) 2025 Amortization of intangibles (110) (0.06) 2025 ABI-related special items (75) (0.04) 2025 Cronos-related special items 5 2025 Income tax items (5) Subtotal 2025 special items (2,201) (1.30) Fewer shares outstanding 0.11 Change in tax rate 119 0.07 Operations 93 0.05 For the year ended December 31, 2025 $ 6,947 $ 4.12 2025 Reported Net Earnings $ 6,947 $ 4.12 2024 Reported Net Earnings $ 11,264 $ 6.54 % Change (38.3) % (37.0) % 2025 Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Diluted EPS $ 9,148 $ 5.42 2024 Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Diluted EPS $ 8,936 $ 5.19 % Change 2.4 % 4.4 % (1) Prior period amounts have been recast to conform with current period presentation for amortization of intangibles that were not previously identified as special items and that are now excluded from our adjusted financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. For a discussion of special items and other business drivers affecting the comparability of statements of earnings amounts and reconciliations of adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted EPS, see Consolidated Operating Results below. Fewer Shares Outstanding: Fewer shares outstanding were due to shares we repurchased under our share repurchase programs. Change in Tax Rate: The change in the tax rate (which excludes the impact of special items shown in the table above) was driven primarily by lower state tax expense. Operations: The increase of $93 million in operations (which excludes the impact of special items shown in the table above) was due primarily to higher OCI, partially offset by lower net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost and higher interest and other debt expense, net. For further details, see Consolidated Operating Results and Operating Results by Business Segment below. 23 Table of Contents Compounded EPS Growth Rate Our 2028 Goals include delivering a mid-single digits adjusted diluted EPS CAGR in 2028 from a $4.87 (1) base in 2022. Our calculation of progress towards this goal through 2025 is as follows: For the Years Ended December 31, CAGR 2025 2022 Reported diluted EPS $ 4.12 $ 3.19 8.9 % NPM Adjustment Items (0.01) (0.03) Acquisition and disposition-related items 0.04 Asset impairment, exit and implementation costs 1.14 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 0.03 0.05 Amortization of intangibles 0.06 0.03 JUUL changes in fair value 0.81 ABI-related special items 0.04 1.12 Cronos-related special items 0.10 Income tax items (0.40) Adjusted diluted EPS (1) $ 5.42 $ 4.87 3.6 % (1) Prior period amounts have been recast to conform with current period presentation for amortization of intangibles that were not previously identified as special items and that are now excluded from our adjusted financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. Non-GAAP Financial Measures We report our financial results in accordance with GAAP. However, our management also reviews certain financial results, including OCI, OCI margins, net earnings and diluted EPS, on an adjusted basis, which excludes certain income and expense items that our management believes are not part of underlying operations. These items may include, for example, loss on early extinguishment of debt, restructuring charges, asset impairment charges, acquisition, disposition and integration-related items, equity investment-related special items, certain income tax items, charges associated with tobacco and health and certain other litigation items, resolutions of certain non-participating manufacturer ( NPM ) adjustment disputes under the Master Settlement Agreement ( NPM Adjustment Items ) and amortization expense associated with definite-lived intangible assets ( amortization of intangibles ). In addition, our management reviews the ratio of debt-to-Consolidated EBITDA, which we use as a factor to determine our ability to access the capital markets and make investments in pursuit of our Vision. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated in accordance with our Credit Agreement (defined below in Liquidity and Capital Resources ) and includes certain adjustments. Our management does not view any of these special items to be part of our underlying results as they may be highly variable, may be unusual or infrequent, are difficult to predict and can distort underlying business trends and results. Our management also reviews income tax rates on an adjusted basis, which may exclude certain income tax items from our reported effective tax rate. Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, we changed our treatment of our amortization of intangibles that we previously included in our adjusted results, including adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS, and now treat this expense as a special item and exclude it from our adjusted results. Amortization of intangibles is significantly impacted by the timing, frequency and size of acquisitions, each with unique facts and circumstances, which could result in amortization charges that could be inconsistent in size and timing. Net revenues generated from these definite-lived intangible assets during the periods presented, if applicable, are included in our adjusted financial measures. Our management believes that the foregoing financial measures provide useful additional insight into underlying business trends and results, and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. Our management uses these financial measures and regularly provides these to our chief operating decision maker ( CODM ) for planning, forecasting and evaluating business and financial performance, including allocating capital and other resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. The foregoing financial measures are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, GAAP and may not be calculated the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. The foregoing financial measures should thus be considered as supplemental in nature and not considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. When we provide a non-GAAP measure in this Form 10-K, we also provide a reconciliation of that non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 24 Table of Contents Discussion and Analysis Critical Accounting Estimates Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ( Note 2 ) includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. In most instances, we must use an accounting policy or method because it is the only policy or method permitted under GAAP. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. If actual amounts are ultimately different from previous estimates, the revisions are included in our consolidated results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. Historically, the aggregate differences, if any, between our estimates and actual amounts in any year have not had a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. The following is a review of the more significant assumptions and estimates, as well as the accounting policies and methods, used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: Revenue Recognition: We define net revenues as revenues, which include excise taxes and shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of cash discounts for prompt payment, sales returns (also referred to as returned goods) and sales incentives. These consumer incentives consist primarily of price promotions, substantially all of which are made to retailers to incent the promotion of certain product offerings in select geographic areas. These price promotions include estimates of variable consideration and require estimates and judgments based principally on shipment volume, retail acceptance and compliance, redemption and utilization. Actual payments will differ from estimated payments to the extent actual results differ from estimated assumptions. We reflect differences between actual and estimated payments in the period in which actual payments become known, which have not been material to our financial position, results of operations or operating cash flows. We record these expected payments for price promotions as a reduction to revenues upon shipment of goods to customers in our consolidated statements of earnings and in accrued marketing liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Depreciation, Amortization, Impairment Testing and Assets Valuation: We depreciate property, plant and equipment and amortize our definite-lived intangible assets using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We depreciate machinery and equipment over periods up to 20 years, and buildings and building improvements over periods up to 50 years. We amortize definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. We review long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be fully recoverable. We perform undiscounted operating cash flow analyses to determine if an impairment exists. For purposes of recognition and measurement of an impairment for assets held for use, we group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value, we measure the amount of impairment loss as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the long-lived asset, which is determined using discounted cash flows. We base impairment losses on assets to be disposed of, if any, on the estimated proceeds to be received, less costs of disposal. We also review the estimated remaining useful lives of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate the lives may have changed. We conduct a required annual review of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment as of October 1 of each year, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would require us to perform an interim review, using either a qualitative or quantitative assessment for each of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. When a qualitative assessment is performed, we determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists based on qualitative factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant changes impacting the reporting unit and the indefinite-lived intangible assets. In performing a quantitative assessment, if the carrying value of a reporting unit that includes goodwill exceeds its fair value, which is determined using discounted cash flows, goodwill is considered impaired. We measure the amount of impairment loss as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of a reporting unit; however, the amount of the impairment loss is limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to a reporting unit. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, which is determined using discounted cash flows, we consider the intangible asset to be impaired and reduce the carrying value to fair value in the period identified. We use an income approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units and trademarks using information available as of the impairment testing date. The income approach reflects the discounting of expected future cash flows at a rate of return that incorporates the risk-free rate for the use of those funds, the expected rate of inflation and the risks associated with realizing expected future cash flows. The discounted cash flows may include multiple scenarios that consider a range of potential outcomes in projected cash flows. In determining the estimated fair values of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets in 2025, 2024 and 2023, we made various judgments, estimates and assumptions, the most significant of which were volume, price, revenue, income, operating margins, perpetual growth rates, discount rates and scenario weightings, as applicable. 25 Table of Contents Goodwill by reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets at December 31, 2025 were as follows: (in millions) Goodwill Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Cigarettes $ 22 $ 2 MST products 5,023 8,447 Cigars 77 2,640 Oral nicotine pouches 55 E-vapor 610 Total $ 5,787 $ 11,089 2025 Annual Review of Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets We completed our annual impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets performed as of October 1, 2025. We elected to perform a qualitative assessment for certain of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets. This qualitative assessment included the review of certain macroeconomic factors and entity-specific qualitative factors discussed above to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets were below carrying value. For certain of our other reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets, we elected to perform a single step quantitative assessment. Upon completion of this testing, we determined that the estimated fair values substantially exceeded the carrying values for all of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets with the exception of our e-vapor reporting unit and Skoal trademark. Our annual impairment test incorporated assumptions used in our long-term financial forecast, which is used by our management to evaluate business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. The assumptions incorporated the highest and best use of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets and also included perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term financial forecast. The perpetual growth rates and discount rates used in performing the valuations ranged from 0% to 2% and 9.0% to 13.5%, respectively. Additionally, in determining the significant assumptions, we made judgments regarding the: (i) timing of effective enforcement against illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products; (ii) timing and receipt of regulatory authorizations of innovative tobacco products, including oral nicotine pouches and e-vapor products; (iii) long-term growth of innovative tobacco products, including oral nicotine pouches, and the related impact on the MST category; (iv) long-term growth of the e-vapor category; and (v) conversion rates of illicit flavored disposable e-vapor consumers to FDA-authorized e-vapor products and specifically, NJOY s e-vapor products. Fair value calculations are sensitive to changes in these estimates and assumptions, some of which relate to broader macroeconomic conditions outside of our control. Although our discounted cash flow analyses are based on assumptions that we considered reasonable and are based on the best available information as of December 31, 2025, we used significant judgment in determining future cash flows. In addition to the judgments discussed above, the following factors also have the potential to impact our assumptions and thus the expected future cash flows and, therefore, our impairment conclusions: general macroeconomic conditions; governmental actions, including FDA regulatory actions and inaction; changes in category growth (decline) rates as a result of changing adult nicotine consumer preferences; success of planned new product expansions; competitive activity; unfavorable outcomes with respect to litigation proceedings, including actions brought against us alleging patent infringement; and income and excise taxes. For further discussion of these factors, see Operating Results by Business Segment - Business Environment below. While our management believes that the estimated fair values of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets at December 31, 2025 are reasonable, actual performance in the short term or long term could be significantly different from forecasted performance, which could result in impairment charges in future periods. After recording the impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2025 (discussed below), the carrying value of the e-vapor reporting unit s net assets (including the effect of intercompany debt), approximated its estimated fair value. If the assumptions or judgments regarding the expectations for the future state of the e-vapor category and NJOY s business discussed above fail to materialize as anticipated, if we experience unfavorable outcomes with respect to litigation proceedings (including actions alleging patent infringement), or if the discount rate used to estimate the fair value increases, we could have additional non-cash impairments of our e-vapor reporting unit goodwill in future periods, which could be material. A hypothetical 1% increase in the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of the e-vapor reporting unit would have resulted in an additional goodwill impairment charge of approximately $150 million during 2025. Although the estimated fair value of the Skoal trademark exceeded its carrying value by approximately 7% ($0.3 billion), MST products, including Skoal , continued to be negatively impacted due in part to evolving adult nicotine consumer preferences, which have continued to contribute to reductions in sales volumes for MST products, including Skoal . If the decline in sales volume for Skoal is higher than currently estimated and results in material revenue declines, we believe there may be a material adverse effect on the significant assumptions used in performing our valuation. If Skoal s actual revenue and income or long-term outlook are significantly unfavorable 26 Table of Contents compared to forecasted performance used to estimate the fair value or if the discount rate used to estimate the fair value increases, we could have material non-cash impairments of the Skoal trademark in future periods. A hypothetical 1% increase in the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of the Skoal trademark would have resulted in an impairment charge of approximately $90 million in 2025. During 2024 and 2023, our annual impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets resulted in no impairment charges. E-vapor Reporting Unit Goodwill Definite-Lived Intangible Assets Impairments During the fourth quarter of 2025, we determined that the long-lived assets in the e-vapor reporting unit may not be fully recoverable. As a result, we first performed a recoverability test of the e-vapor definite-lived intangible assets. We determined that the asset group was not recoverable because the estimated undiscounted cash flows, including an assumed terminal year EBITDA multiple, were less than its carrying value. Second, we measured the impairment loss by comparing the carrying value of the definite-lived intangible assets, consisting of developed technology and trademarks, to their estimated fair values. These fair values were determined using an income approach, specifically the relief from royalty method, which estimates the value of an intangible asset by calculating the present value of the hypothetical royalty payments a company avoids by owning the asset rather than licensing it from a third party. In performing this analysis, we made various judgments, estimates and assumptions, the most significant of which were volume, price, revenue, income, operating margins, scenario weightings, discount rates, royalty rates, obsolescence rates and economic lives. As a result, we recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment of these assets of $970 million, which we recorded in our consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025. Following the impairment of these e-vapor definite-lived intangible assets, we performed our annual impairment test of goodwill, utilizing the revised carrying amount of the e-vapor reporting unit after reflecting the e-vapor definite-lived intangible assets impairment charges. Our test indicated that the estimated fair value of the e-vapor reporting unit was below its carrying value, resulting in a non-cash goodwill impairment of $285 million, which we recorded in our consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025. The impairments of the e-vapor definite-lived intangible assets and the e-vapor reporting unit goodwill were due primarily to lower projected volume and revenue as a result of the impact of estimates regarding protracted ineffective enforcement against illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products. After this e-vapor goodwill impairment charge, the carrying value of e-vapor goodwill as of December 31, 2025 was $610 million. In addition to our annual impairment testing, during the first quarter of 2025 we identified a triggering event related to our e vapor reporting unit that required an interim impairment assessment. As a result, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment of goodwill and related intangible assets for the e vapor reporting unit as of March 31, 2025. As discussed in Note 4, the interim impairment assessment resulted in a non-cash goodwill impairment of $873 million during the first quarter of 2025, which is recognized in our consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025. We concluded that the carrying value of our e-vapor definite-lived intangible assets was recoverable and no impairment existed as of March 31, 2025. As a result of the goodwill impairments recognized in the first and the fourth quarters of 2025, the total non-cash goodwill impairment recognized in our consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $1,158 million. Investments in Equity Securities: At the end of each reporting period, we review our equity investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting (ABI and Cronos) for impairment by comparing the fair value of each of our investments to their carrying value. If the carrying value of an investment exceeds its fair value and the loss in value is other than temporary, we consider the investment impaired, reduce its carrying value to its fair value and record the impairment in the period identified. We use certain factors to make this determination, including (i) the duration and magnitude of the fair value decline, (ii) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee and (iii) our intent and ability to hold our investment until recovery to its carrying value. For further discussion of our investments in equity securities, see Note 6. Investments in Equity Securities ( Note 6 ). Contingencies: As discussed in Note 18 and Item 3, legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened in various United States and foreign jurisdictions against Altria and certain of our subsidiaries, including PM USA and NJOY, as well as certain respective indemnitees. In 1998, PM USA and certain other tobacco product manufacturers entered into the MSA with 46 states, the District of Columbia and certain United States territories to settle asserted and unasserted health care cost recovery and other claims. PM USA and certain other U.S. tobacco product manufacturers had previously entered into agreements to settle similar claims brought by Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota (together with the MSA, State Settlement Agreements ). PM USA s portion of ongoing adjusted payments is based on its relative share of the settling manufacturers domestic cigarette shipments, including roll-your-own cigarettes, in the year preceding that in which the payment is due. PM USA s obligations under the State Settlement Agreements to make quarterly payments with respect to settling plaintiffs attorneys fees ended in the fourth quarter of 2024. Payments under the State Settlement Agreements are based on variable factors, such as inflation, operating income, market share and industry volume. Our subsidiaries account for the cost of the State Settlement Agreements as a component of cost of sales. Our subsidiaries recorded approximately $3.0 billion and $3.5 billion of charges to cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, in connection with the State Settlement Agreements. We record provisions in our consolidated financial statements for pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. At the present time, while it is reasonably possible that an unfavorable 27 Table of Contents outcome in a case may occur, except to the extent discussed in Note 18 and Item 3: (i) management has concluded that it is not probable that a loss has been incurred in any pending litigation; (ii) management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome in any pending case; and (iii) accordingly, management has not provided any amounts in our consolidated financial statements for unfavorable outcomes, if any. We expense litigation defense costs as incurred and include such costs in marketing, administration and research costs in our consolidated statements of earnings. Employee Benefit Plans: We provide a range of benefits to certain employees and retired employees, including pension, postretirement health care and postemployment benefits. We record annual amounts relating to these plans based on calculations specified by GAAP, which include various actuarial assumptions as to discount rates, assumed rates of return on plan assets, mortality, compensation increases, turnover rates and health care cost trend rates. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when it is deemed appropriate to do so. Any effect of the modifications is generally amortized over future periods. We recognize the funded status of our defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans on the consolidated balance sheets and record as a component of other comprehensive earnings (losses), net of deferred income taxes, the gains and losses and prior service costs and credits that have not been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost (income). We subsequently amortize the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits recorded as components of other comprehensive earnings (losses) into net periodic benefit cost (income) in future years. Due to changes in market factors, our discount rates used to determine our pension plan and postretirement plan obligations decreased to 5.4% at December 31, 2025 from 5.7% at December 31, 2024. We presently anticipate net pre-tax pension and postretirement expense of approximately $48 million in 2026 versus net pre-tax income of $11 million in 2025. This change is due primarily to higher amortization of net unrecognized losses, lower expected income on plan assets and an expected settlement charge in 2026, partially offset by lower interest costs. Assuming no change to the shape of the yield curve, a 50 basis point decrease (increase) in our discount rates would increase (decrease) our pension and postretirement expense by approximately $5 million. Similarly, a 50 basis point decrease (increase) in the expected return on plan assets would increase (decrease) our pension and postretirement expense by approximately $35 million. For additional information see Note 16. Benefit Plans ( Note 16 ). Income Taxes: Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and in evaluating tax positions. We determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We record a valuation allowance when we have determined that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In assessing realizability, we consider the weight of all available positive and negative evidence, including the character of the assets and the possible sources of taxable income of the appropriate character within the applicable carryback and carryforward periods available under the tax law. We recognize the financial statement benefit for uncertain income tax positions in our consolidated financial statements when we have determined that it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The recognized amount is the largest benefit that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. We do not recognize positions that do not meet this threshold in the financial statements. We recognized income tax benefits and charges in the consolidated statements of earnings during 2025 and 2024 as a result of various tax events. For additional information on income taxes, see Note 14. Income Taxes ( Note 14 ). 28 Table of Contents Consolidated Operating Results For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Net Revenues: Smokeable products $ 20,485 $ 21,204 Oral tobacco products 2,802 2,776 E-vapor products (13) 40 All other 5 (2) Net revenues $ 23,279 $ 24,018 Excise Taxes on Products: Smokeable products $ 3,042 $ 3,469 Oral tobacco products 98 105 Excise taxes on products $ 3,140 $ 3,574 Operating Income: OCI: Smokeable products $ 10,984 $ 10,821 Oral tobacco products 1,828 1,449 E-vapor products (2,297) (171) All other (229) (243) Amortization of intangibles (132) (139) General corporate expenses (255) (476) Operating income $ 9,899 $ 11,241 As discussed further in Note 15, our CODM reviews OCI, which is defined as operating income before general corporate expenses and amortization of intangibles, to evaluate the performance of, and allocate resources to, our segments. Our management believes it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze our business performance and trends. 29 Table of Contents The following table provides a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS for the years ended December 31: (in millions of dollars, except per share data) Earnings before Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Earnings Diluted EPS 2025 Reported $ 9,389 $ 2,442 $ 6,947 $ 4.12 NPM Adjustment Items (20) (5) (15) (0.01) Acquisition and disposition-related items 76 10 66 0.04 Asset impairment, exit and implementation costs 2,184 263 1,921 1.14 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 58 14 44 0.03 Amortization of intangibles 132 22 110 0.06 ABI-related special items 95 20 75 0.04 Cronos-related special items (5) (5) Income tax items (5) 5 2025 Adjusted for Special Items $ 11,909 $ 2,761 $ 9,148 $ 5.42 2024 Reported $ 13,658 $ 2,394 $ 11,264 $ 6.54 NPM Adjustment Items (27) (7) (20) (0.01) Acquisition and disposition-related items (2,527) (665) (1,862) (1.08) Asset impairment, exit and implementation costs 422 107 315 0.18 Tobacco and health and certain other litigation items 101 25 76 0.04 Amortization of intangibles 139 24 115 0.07 ABI-related special items 2 2 Cronos-related special items 18 3 15 0.01 Income tax items 969 (969) (0.56) 2024 Adjusted for Special Items (1) $ 11,786 $ 2,850 $ 8,936 $ 5.19 (1) Prior period amounts have been recast to conform with current period presentation for amortization of intangibles that were not previously identified as special items and that are now excluded from our adjusted financial measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. The following special items affected the comparability of statements of earnings amounts for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. NPM Adjustment Items: For a discussion of NPM Adjustment Items and a breakdown of these items by segment, see Health Care Cost Recovery Litigation in Note 18 and NPM Adjustment Items in Note 15, respectively. Acquisition and Disposition-Related Items: We recorded net pre-tax charges reflecting expenses primarily related to the ITC exclusion order and cease-and-desist orders prohibiting the importation and sale of NJOY ACE in the United States. These charges are net of insurance recoveries from insurance contracts associated with the NJOY Transaction. For further information on the ITC s determination, see E-vapor Product Litigation - JUUL Patent Litigation in Note 18 . We recorded these items as follows for the years ended December 31: (in millions) 2025 2024 Net revenues (1) $ 23 $ Cost of sales (1) 44 Marketing, administration and research costs (2) (16) 36 Total $ 51 $ 36 (1) Included in our e-vapor products segment. (2) Recorded as general corporate expense, net of $39 million and $25 million of insurance recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. In 2024 and 2025, we incurred total costs of $151 million primarily associated with the ITC exclusion order and cease-and-desist orders prohibiting the importation and sale of NJOY ACE in the United States and patent infringement lawsuits related to the NJOY Transaction, which were offset by insurance recoveries of $64 million. Additionally, we recorded a non-cash, pre-tax charge of $25 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 for the change in the fair value of the contingent payments associated with the NJOY Transaction. In connection with the June 2024 issuance by the FDA of MGOs for four NJOY ACE menthol pod products, we recorded a pre-tax charge of approximately $140 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 for the change in the fair value of the contingent payments associated with the NJOY Transaction. These 30 Table of Contents charges were recorded as general corporate expense and included in marketing, administration and research costs in our consolidated statements of earnings. For further information, see Contingent Payments in Note 7. Financial Instruments . We recorded a pre-tax gain of $2.7 billion upon the assignment of the IQOS Tobacco Heating System ( IQOS System ) commercialization rights to Philip Morris International Inc. in April 2024, for the year ended December 31, 2024. For a discussion of the sale of the IQOS System commercialization rights, see Note 4. Asset Impairment, Exit and Implementation Costs: We recorded non-cash, pre-tax impairment charges of $2,128 million to reduce the carrying values of the e-vapor reporting unit goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets to their estimated fair values for the year ended December 31, 2025 in our e-vapor products segment. We recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment of the Skoal trademark of $354 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 in our oral tobacco products segment. For further discussion, see Note 4. We recorded pre-tax exit and implementation costs of $56 million and $68 million related to the Initiative for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. For a breakdown of these costs by segment, see Note 5. Tobacco and Health and Certain Other Litigation Items: For a discussion of tobacco and health and certain other litigation items and a breakdown of these costs by segment, see Note 18 and Tobacco and Health and Certain Other Litigation Items in Note 15, respectively. Amortization of Intangibles: We recorded pre-tax amortization expense of definite-lived intangible assets of $132 million and $139 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, in marketing, administration and research costs in our consolidated statements of earnings. ABI-Related Special Items: We recorded net pre-tax losses of $95 million from our investment in ABI for the year ended December 31, 2025, consisting primarily of mark-to-market losses on certain ABI financial instruments associated with its share commitments. We recorded net pre-tax expense of $2 million from our investment in ABI for the year ended December 31, 2024, which consisted primarily of mark-to-market losses on certain ABI financial instruments associated with its share commitments, mostly offset by a gain related to the partial sale of our investment in ABI ( ABI Transaction ). For further information on the gain related to the ABI Transaction, see Note 6. The ABI-related special items include our respective share of the amounts recorded by ABI and additional adjustments related to (i) the conversion of ABI-related special items from international financial reporting standards to GAAP and (ii) adjustments to our investment required under the equity method of accounting. Income Tax Items: We recorded income tax items of $969 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, due primarily to an income tax benefit from the partial releases of valuation allowances on JUUL-related losses in connection with an agreement reached in October 2024 with the Internal Revenue Service and in connection with the ABI Transaction. For further discussion of income tax items, see Note 14. 2025 Compared with 2024 Net revenues, which include excise taxes billed to customers, decreased $739 million (3.1%), due primarily to lower net revenues in our smokeable products segment. Cost of sales decreased $480 million (7.9%), due primarily to lower shipment volume and lower per unit settlement charges in our smokeable products segment. Excise taxes on products decreased $434 million (12.1%), due primarily to lower shipment volume in our smokeable products segment. Marketing, administration and research costs decreased $230 million (8.4%), due primarily to lower acquisition-related items discussed above and transaction costs associated with the ABI Transaction in 2024, both of which are included in general corporate expenses. Operating income decreased $1,342 million (11.9%), due primarily to lower OCI (which includes the net impact of non-cash impairments of the e-vapor reporting unit goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets in our e-vapor products segment in 2025 and a non-cash impairment of the Skoal trademark in our oral tobacco product segment in 2024), partially offset by lower general corporate expenses. Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost, decreased by $43 million (42.2%), due primarily to lower income on plan assets and higher amortization of net unrecognized losses in 2025, partially offset by lower interest costs. For additional information, see Note 16. (Income) losses from investments in equity securities was unfavorable $142 million (21.8%), due primarily to lower income from our equity investment in ABI (which includes our gain on the ABI Transaction in 2024). Provision for income taxes increased $48 million (2%), due primarily to unfavorable income tax items discussed above, partially offset by lower earnings before income taxes. For additional information, see Note 14. 31 Table of Contents Reported net earnings of $6,947 million decreased $4,317 million (38.3%), due primarily to the gain on the sale of the IQOS System commercialization rights in 2024 and lower operating income. Reported basic and diluted EPS of $4.12, each decreased by 37% due to lower reported net earnings, partially offset by fewer shares outstanding. Adjusted net earnings of $9,148 million increased $212 million (2.4%), due primarily to higher OCI and a lower adjusted tax rate, partially offset by lower net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost and higher interest and other debt expense, net. Adjusted diluted EPS of $5.42 increased by 4.4%, due to higher adjusted net earnings and fewer shares outstanding. Operating Results by Business Segment Business Environment Summary The U.S. nicotine industry faces a number of business, legal and regulatory challenges that have materially adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position or our ability to achieve our Vision. These challenges, some of which are discussed in more detail in Note 18, Item 1A and Item 3, include: pending and threatened litigation and bonding requirements; restrictions and requirements imposed by the FSPTCA and restrictions and requirements (and related enforcement actions) that have been, and in the future will be, imposed by the FDA; the FDA s failure to effectively address illicit nicotine products on the market, including illicit disposable e-vapor and oral nicotine pouch products; illicit trade in nicotine products, including cigarettes, e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouch products; actual and proposed excise tax increases, as well as changes in tax structures and tax stamping requirements; bans and restrictions on tobacco use imposed by governmental entities and private establishments and employers; other federal, state and local government actions, including: restrictions on the sale of certain nicotine products, the sale of nicotine products by certain retail establishments, the sale of nicotine products with characterizing flavors and the sale of nicotine products in certain package sizes; additional restrictions on the advertising and promotion of nicotine products; other actual and proposed tobacco- or nicotine-related legislation and regulation; prohibitions on the sale of tobacco products based on environmental concerns and the imposition of responsibility on manufacturers for the disposal, recycling or other treatment of post-consumer goods such as plastic packaging; and governmental investigations; reductions in consumption levels of cigarettes and MST products resulting in lower shipment volumes; increased efforts by tobacco control advocates and other private sector entities (including retail establishments) to further restrict the availability and use of nicotine products or the ability to communicate with adult consumers through third-party digital platforms; changes in adult nicotine consumer purchase behavior, which is influenced by various factors such as macroeconomic conditions (including inflation and tariffs), the proliferation of illicit disposable e-vapor products, excise taxes and product price gap relationships, each of which has resulted and may in the future result in adult nicotine consumers switching to lower-priced nicotine products and lower shipment volumes; the highly competitive nature of all nicotine categories, including competitive disadvantages related to the impact on cigarette prices due to the settlement of certain healthcare cost recovery litigation, the growth of innovative nicotine products, such as e-vapor and oral nicotine pouch products, and the ability of competitors to receive refunds of certain duties, taxes and fees paid on imported tobacco products when offsetting volumes of those products or substantially similar products are subsequently exported; the growth of products using nicotine analogues that are designed to imitate the effects of nicotine but are not subject to the FDA regulatory framework for tobacco products; and potential adverse changes in prices, availability and quality of tobacco, other raw materials and component parts, including as a result of changes in macroeconomic, geopolitical, climate and environmental conditions. We continue to monitor the evolving business, legal and regulatory challenges within our business environment to assess potential impacts on us. Changes in these and other conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial position and our ability to achieve our Vision. 32 Table of Contents FSPTCA and FDA Regulation The Regulatory Framework: The FSPTCA and its related regulations establish broad FDA regulatory authority over all tobacco products and, among other provisions: impose restrictions on the advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of tobacco products (see Final Tobacco Marketing Rule below); establish premarket review pathways for new and modified tobacco products (see Premarket Review Pathways for Tobacco Products and Market Authorization Enforcement below); prohibit any express or implied claims that a tobacco product is or may be less harmful than other tobacco products without FDA authorization; authorize the FDA to impose tobacco product standards that are appropriate for the protection of public health (see Potential Product Standards below); and equip the FDA with a variety of investigatory and enforcement tools, including the authority to inspect product manufacturing and other facilities (see Investigation and Enforcement below). Effective April 2022, the U.S. Congress expanded the statutory definition of tobacco products to include products containing nicotine derived from any source, including synthetic nicotine. See Premarket Review Pathways for Tobacco Products and Market Authorization Enforcement below for additional information. Currently, however, the statutory definition of tobacco products does not cover products containing nicotine analogues, which are designed to imitate the effects of nicotine. As a result, products containing nicotine analogues are not subject to the FDA regulatory framework for tobacco products. Final Tobacco Marketing Rule: As required by the FSPTCA, the FDA has promulgated a wide range of advertising and promotion restrictions for cigarettes and smokeless tobacco (1) products (the Final Tobacco Marketing Rule ), which the FDA has subsequently amended to expand specific provisions to all tobacco products, including cigars, pipe tobacco and e-vapor and oral nicotine products containing tobacco-derived nicotine or other tobacco derivatives such as synthetic nicotine. The Final Tobacco Marketing Rule currently does not apply to products containing nicotine analogues. Rulemaking and Guidance: From time to time, the FDA issues proposed regulations and guidance, which may be issued in draft or final form, that generally involve public comment and may include scientific review. We actively engage with the FDA to develop and implement the FSPTCA s regulatory framework, including submission of comments to various FDA policies and proposals and participation in public hearings and engagement sessions. The FDA s implementation of the FSPTCA and related regulations and guidance also may have an impact on enforcement efforts by states, territories and localities of their laws and regulations as well as of the State Settlement Agreements (see State Settlement Agreements below). Such enforcement efforts may adversely affect our operating companies abilities to market and sell tobacco products in those states, territories and localities. Premarket Review Pathways for Tobacco Products and Market Authorization Enforcement: The FSPTCA permits the sale of tobacco products on the market as of February 15, 2007 and not subsequently modified ( Pre-existing Tobacco Products ) and new or modified products authorized through the PMTA, Substantial Equivalence ( SE ) or SE Exemption pathways. Subsequent FDA rules also provide a Supplemental PMTA pathway designed to increase the efficiency of submission and review for modified versions of previously authorized products. For products currently on the market, the FDA premarket authorization enforcement policy varies based on product type and date of availability on the market, specifically: Pre-existing Tobacco Products are exempt from the premarket authorization requirement; cigarette and smokeless tobacco products that were modified or first introduced into the market between February 15, 2007 and March 22, 2011 are generally considered Provisional Products for which SE reports were required to be filed by March 22, 2011. These reports must demonstrate that the product has the same characteristics as a product on the market as of February 15, 2007 or to a product previously determined to be substantially equivalent, or has different characteristics but does not raise different questions of public health; tobacco products that were first regulated by the FDA in 2016, including cigars, e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouches that are not Pre-existing Tobacco Products, are generally products for which either an SE report or PMTA needed to be filed by September 9, 2020; and tobacco products containing nicotine from any source other than tobacco ( e.g. , synthetic nicotine) that were on the market between March 15, 2022 and April 14, 2022 and are not Pre-existing Tobacco Products are generally products for which a manufacturer must have filed a PMTA by May 14, 2022. A manufacturer was permitted to keep such a product on the (1) Smokeless tobacco, as used in this section of this Form 10-K, refers to smokeless tobacco products first regulated by the FDA in 2009, including MST. It excludes oral nicotine pouches, which were first regulated by the FDA in 2016. 33 Table of Contents market until July 13, 2022 provided that a PMTA was filed by May 14, 2022. Thereafter, unless the FDA granted the product a marketing order, the product is subject to possible FDA enforcement. The FSPTCA requires the FDA to issue a marketing order (either an MGO or a marketing denial order ( MDO )) with respect to a PMTA no later than 180 days after receipt of the PMTA. Following the 180-day FDA review period, the FSPTCA allows any party that receives an MDO to seek expedited judicial review of the ruling in a federal appellate court within 30 days. Together, these statutory deadlines for FDA action and judicial review create a structure and timeline for manufacturers seeking to market new products. While it is possible that the FDA may bring an enforcement action relating to commercialized products for which a PMTA has been pending longer than the 180-day review period, we believe that any such enforcement action would conflict with the FSPTCA. Our operating companies may decide to commercialize products that have not received MGOs from the FDA if the operating company submitted a PMTA with respect to any such product in compliance with the FSPTCA and the FDA failed to issue a marketing order within the statutory review period. Modifications to currently marketed products, including modifications that result from, for example, changes to the quantity of tobacco product(s) in a package, a manufacturer being unable to acquire ingredients or a supplier or contract manufacturer being unable to maintain the consistency required in ingredients or manufacturing processes, could trigger the FDA s premarket review process. Additionally, a manufacturer may be unable to maintain consistency in manufacturing processes as it increases the scale of its manufacturing operations in response to market expansion or product introduction. These circumstances could cause a manufacturer to receive (i) a not substantially equivalent determination or (ii) a denial or withdrawal of a PMTA, either of which could result in a product being removed from the market. In addition, new scientific data continues to be developed relating to innovative nicotine products, which could impact the FDA s determination as to whether a product is, or continues to be, appropriate for the protection of public health and could, therefore, result in the removal of one or more products from the market. Any such actions affecting our operating companies products could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Products Regulated in 2009 : Most cigarette and smokeless tobacco products currently marketed by PM USA and USSTC are Provisional Products. PM USA and USSTC timely submitted SE reports for these Provisional Products and have received SE determinations on certain Provisional Products. Those products that were found by the FDA to be not substantially equivalent (certain smokeless tobacco products) had been discontinued for business reasons prior to the FDA s determinations; therefore, those determinations did not impact business results. PM USA and USSTC have other Provisional Products that continue to be subject to the FDA s premarket review process. In the meantime, they can continue marketing these products unless the FDA determines that a specific Provisional Product is not substantially equivalent. In addition, the FDA has communicated that it will not review a certain subset of Provisional Product SE reports and that the products that are the subject of those reports can continue to be legally marketed without further FDA review. PM USA and USSTC have Provisional Products included in this subset of products. While we believe PM USA s and USSTC s current Provisional Products meet the statutory requirements of the FSPTCA, we cannot predict how the FDA will ultimately apply law, regulation, guidance or enforcement authority to various SE reports. Should PM USA or USSTC receive unfavorable determinations on any SE report currently pending with the FDA, we believe PM USA and USSTC can replace the vast majority of these product volumes with other FDA authorized products or with Pre-existing Tobacco Products. Cigarette and smokeless tobacco products introduced into the market or modified after March 22, 2011 are Non-Provisional Products and must apply to receive an MGO from the FDA prior to being offered for sale. MGOs for Non-Provisional Products may be obtained by filing an SE report, a PMTA or using another premarket pathway established by the FDA. PM USA and USSTC may not be able to obtain an MGO for non-provisional products because the FDA may determine that any such product does not meet the statutory requirements for approval. Products Regulated in 2016 : Manufacturers of products first regulated by the FDA in 2016, including cigars, oral nicotine pouches and e-vapor products, that were on the market as of August 8, 2016 and not subsequently modified must have filed an SE report or a PMTA by the filing deadline of September 9, 2020 in order for their products to remain on the market. These products can remain on the market during FDA review through enforcement discretion, so long as the report or application was timely filed with the FDA. For those products still under FDA review, it is uncertain when and for how long the FDA may permit continued marketing and sale of those products pursuant to its discretion. For products (new or modified) not on the market as of August 8, 2016, manufacturers must file an SE report or a PMTA. As described above, the FSPTCA requires the FDA to issue a marketing order with respect to a PMTA no later than 180 days after receipt of the PMTA. Helix submitted PMTAs for on! oral nicotine pouches on the market as of August 2016 in May 2020, PMTAs for additional on! oral nicotine pouches in September 2024, PMTAs for on! PLUS oral nicotine pouches in tobacco, mint and wintergreen flavors in June 2024 and PMTAs for on! PLUS oral nicotine pouches in six additional flavors in November 2025. In September 2025, the FDA launched a pilot program intended to increase efficiency and streamline the review process for PMTAs for select oral nicotine pouch products. Also in September 2025, the FDA communicated to Helix that PMTAs for certain of its products, including on! PLUS, were being reviewed through the pilot program. In December 2025, the FDA issued MGOs with respect to on! PLUS oral nicotine pouches in tobacco, mint 34 Table of Contents and wintergreen flavors in 6 mg and 9 mg nicotine levels. As of February 23, 2026, the FDA has not issued a marketing order with respect to any other on! or on! PLUS product. As of February 23, 2026, Middleton has received MGOs or exemptions that cover over 99% of its cigar product volume. As a result of the NJOY Transaction, we gained full global ownership of NJOY s e-vapor product portfolio, including NJOY ACE , a pod-based e-vapor product with an MGO from the FDA, and NJOY Daily , which also has an MGO. In June 2024, NJOY received MGOs with respect to two NJOY ACE menthol products and two NJOY Daily menthol products. NJOY ACE is subject to ITC exclusion and cease-and-desist orders prohibiting importation and sale in the United States. Although NJOY Daily is not subject to these orders, JUUL has asserted claims of patent infringement based on the sale of NJOY Daily in the United States. See Note 18. Effect of Adverse FDA Determinations : FDA review timeframes have varied. It is therefore difficult to predict the duration of FDA reviews of SE reports or PMTAs. An unfavorable determination on an application, the withdrawal by the FDA of a prior MGO, an FDA enforcement action or other changes in FDA regulatory requirements could result in the removal of products from the market. A not substantially equivalent determination, a denial of a PMTA, an MGO withdrawal or an enforcement action by the FDA with respect to one or more products (each of which could require the removal of the product or products from the market) could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Also, adverse FDA determinations or enforcement actions concerning innovative nicotine products could have a material adverse effect on our innovative nicotine businesses and our ability to achieve our Vision. Post-Market Surveillance : Manufacturers that receive MGOs must adhere to the FDA post-market record keeping and reporting requirements, as detailed in market orders and in the final PMTA rule. The requirements include prior notification of marketing activities. The FDA may amend requirements of an MGO or withdraw the MGO based on this information if, among other reasons, it determines that the continued marketing of the products is no longer appropriate for the protection of the public health. If the FDA fails to issue a marketing order within the statutory review period with respect to a PMTA submitted by one of our operating companies and that operating company elects to commercialize the applicable product, we expect that operating company will execute its plans consistent with the post-market record keeping and reporting requirements of the FDA s most recently issued MGOs for similar products. FDA Regulatory Actions Graphic Warnings : In March 2020, the FDA issued a final rule requiring 11 textual warnings accompanied by color graphics depicting certain negative health consequences of smoking on cigarette packaging and advertising. PM USA and other cigarette manufacturers filed lawsuits challenging the final rule on substantive and procedural grounds. In December 2022, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas found in favor of cigarette manufacturers in one such suit and blocked the rule, finding it unconstitutional on the basis that it compelled speech in violation of the First Amendment. The FDA appealed the decision, and, in March 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reversed the district court and remanded the case for further proceedings. In August 2024, the cigarette manufacturers in the suit petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court to review the case, which the U.S. Supreme Court declined to do. In January 2025, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas found in favor of cigarette manufacturers that had challenged the final rule on the basis that the FDA exceeded its statutory authority by requiring cigarette packaging and advertising to contain 11 specific warnings when it only had the authority to require nine. In its ruling, the court granted a preliminary injunction staying the FDA s enforcement of the rule against all cigarette manufacturers pending further litigation. In March 2025, the FDA appealed that decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. In December 2024, PM USA and several Georgia co-plaintiffs filed suit against the FDA in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Georgia, challenging the final rule on substantive and procedural grounds. In August 2025, the federal court vacated the final rule on the basis that the FDA violated federal law by not disclosing timely data it relied on in creating the rule. In October 2025, the FDA appealed that decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. Underage Access and Use of Certain Tobacco Products : The FDA announced regulatory actions in September 2018 to address underage access to and use of e-vapor products. We have engaged with the FDA on this topic and have reaffirmed to the FDA our ongoing and long-standing commitment to preventing underage use. For example, we advocated raising the minimum legal age to purchase all tobacco products to 21 at the federal and state levels to further address underage use, which is now federal law. We continue to advocate in states that have not yet raised the minimum legal age to purchase all tobacco products to 21. E-Vapor Products : In September 2022, the FDA represented that it had resolved more than 99% of the timely applications it had received, the vast majority of which were for e-vapor products and resulted in MDOs. As of February 23, 2026, many manufacturers of menthol and other flavored e-vapor products have received MDOs for failure to provide sufficiently strong product-specific scientific evidence to demonstrate that the benefits of their products to adult smokers overcome the risks that their products pose to youth. The FDA has communicated in these MDOs that vapor products with non-tobacco flavors present unique questions relevant to the FDA s Appropriate for the Protection of Public Health standard and that successful applications require strong, product-specific evidence. A number of these manufacturers are challenging the MDOs for their 35 Table of Contents products. In January 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ruled that the FDA had unlawfully changed its position with respect to the information required to obtain a PMTA. In April 2025, the U.S. Supreme Court vacated the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit s determination, concluding that manufacturers had been given fair notice of the PMTA requirements, and remanded the case for further review. Other U.S. Courts of Appeals have upheld adverse FDA determinations. Potential Product Standards Nicotine in Cigarettes and Other Combustible Tobacco Products : In January 2025, the FDA proposed a tobacco product standard that would establish a maximum nicotine level in cigarettes and certain other combustible tobacco products (including little cigars, cigarillos and most large cigars) significantly lower than the average concentration in these products currently on the market with the aim of making such products minimally or non-addictive. The public comment period on the proposed product standard closed in September 2025, and we have engaged with the FDA through the rulemaking process, including by submitting comments. We believe the rulemaking process for this proposed product standard will take multiple years to complete. Flavors in Tobacco Products : In April 2022, the FDA issued two proposed product standards: (i) banning menthol in cigarettes and (ii) banning all characterizing flavors (including menthol) in cigars. We submitted comments during the notice-and-comment period. In October 2023, the FDA submitted the two proposed product standards to the White House Office of Management and Budget for review. In January 2025, the Trump Administration withdrew the two proposed product standards from the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) and sent them back to the FDA. N-nitrosonornicotine ( NNN ) in Smokeless Tobacco : In January 2017, the FDA proposed a product standard for NNN levels in finished smokeless tobacco products. If any one or more of the foregoing potential product standards were to become final and was appealed and upheld in the courts, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position, including a material adverse effect on the carrying value of certain of our assets such as our cigar trademarks. Tobacco Product Manufacturing Practices: In March 2023, the FDA, pursuant to the requirements of the FSPTCA, issued a proposed rule setting forth requirements for tobacco product manufacturers regarding the manufacture, design, packing and storage of their products. This proposed rule establishes a framework of tobacco product manufacturing practices. OMB lists the rule as a long-term action. If the proposed rule were to take effect, our operating companies could experience increased costs to comply with the rule. Impact on Our Business; Compliance Costs and User Fees: Additional FDA regulatory actions under the FSPTCA could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position in various ways. For example, actions (or inaction) by the FDA could: impact the consumer acceptability of nicotine products; discontinue, delay or prevent the sale or distribution of existing, new or modified nicotine products; limit adult nicotine consumer choices; impose restrictions on communications with adult nicotine consumers; create a competitive advantage or disadvantage for certain nicotine companies; impose additional manufacturing, labeling or packaging requirements; impose additional restrictions at retail; result in increased illicit trade in nicotine products; and otherwise significantly increase the cost of doing business. The FSPTCA imposes user fees on cigarette, cigarette tobacco, smokeless tobacco, cigar and pipe tobacco manufacturers and importers to pay for the cost of regulation and other matters. The FSPTCA does not impose user fees on e-vapor products or oral nicotine pouch manufacturers. The cost of the FDA user fee is allocated first among tobacco product categories subject to FDA user fees and then among manufacturers and importers within each respective category based on their relative market shares, all as prescribed by the FSPTCA and FDA regulations. Payments for user fees are adjusted for several factors, including market share and industry volume. See Liquidity and Capital Resources - Payments Under State Settlement Agreements and FDA Regulation below for a discussion of our FDA user fee payments. In addition, our operating companies compliance with the FSPTCA s regulatory requirements has resulted, and will continue to result, in additional costs. The amount of additional compliance and related costs has not been material in any given quarter or year-to-date period but could become material, either individually or in the aggregate. The failure to comply with FDA regulatory requirements, even inadvertently, and FDA enforcement actions also could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 36 Table of Contents Investigation and Enforcement: The FDA has a number of investigatory and enforcement tools available to it, including document requests and other required information submissions, facility inspections, facility closures, examinations and investigations, injunction proceedings, monetary penalties, product withdrawal and recall orders, and product seizures. Investigations or enforcement actions could result in significant costs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Although the FDA, in conjunction with other federal entities, has increased enforcement activity, insufficient actions against manufacturers, distributors and retailers of tobacco products requiring FDA review for which no PMTA has been submitted have allowed such products to proliferate on the market. In addition, the FDA s failure to clearly define product pathways and issue marketing orders within the statutory review period has resulted in a market with few authorized smoke-free products available to adult nicotine consumers. Excise Taxes Tobacco products are subject to substantial excise taxes in the United States. Significant increases in tobacco-related taxes or fees have been proposed or enacted (including with respect to e-vapor products) and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted at the federal, state and local levels within the United States. The frequency and magnitude of excise tax increases can be influenced by various factors, including the composition of executive and legislative bodies. Federal, state and local cigarette excise taxes have increased substantially over the past two decades, far outpacing the rate of inflation. Between the end of 1998 and February 23, 2026, the weighted-average state cigarette excise tax increased from $0.36 to $2.02 per pack. Four states (Hawaii, Indiana, Maine and New Jersey) increased excise taxes in 2025. As of February 23, 2026, no states have increased excise taxes in 2026. Various other increases are under consideration or have been proposed. Many states currently tax MST using an ad valorem method, which is calculated as a percentage of the price of the product, typically the wholesale price. This ad valorem method results in more tax being paid on premium products than is paid on lower-priced products of equal weight. We support legislation to convert ad valorem taxes on MST to a weight-based methodology because, unlike the ad valorem tax, a weight-based tax subjects cans of equal weight to the same tax. As of February 23, 2026, the federal government, 24 states, Puerto Rico, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Cook County, Illinois have adopted a weight-based tax methodology for MST. An increasing number of states and localities are proposing excise taxes on e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouches. As of February 23, 2026, 34 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and a number of cities and counties have enacted legislation to tax e-vapor products. These taxes are calculated in varying ways and may differ based on the e-vapor product form. Similarly, 19 states and the District of Columbia have enacted legislation to tax oral nicotine pouches. Tax increases are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on sales of our operating companies products through lower consumption levels and the potential shift in adult nicotine consumer purchases from premium to non-premium or discount cigarettes, to lower-taxed tobacco products or to counterfeit and contraband products. Lower sales volume and reported share performance of our operating companies products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Changes to federal or state tax laws or challenges to one or more of our positions with respect to those laws, including with respect to the availability of duty drawback, which allows manufacturers to receive refunds of certain duties, taxes and fees paid on imported tobacco products when offsetting volumes of those products or substantially similar products are subsequently exported, could increase the taxes and other fees payable with respect to our operating companies products or reduce the amount of taxes and other fees paid by our operating companies for which refunds are available. In addition, substantial excise tax increases on e-vapor and oral nicotine products may negatively impact adult smokers transition to these products, which could materially adversely affect our innovative nicotine businesses and our ability to achieve our Vision. International Treaty on Tobacco Control The World Health Organization s Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (the FCTC ) entered into force in February 2005. As of February 23, 2026, 182 countries, as well as the European Union, have become parties to the FCTC. While the United States is a signatory of the FCTC, it is not a party to the agreement, as the agreement has not been submitted to, or ratified by, the U.S. Senate. The FCTC is the first international public health treaty and its objective is to establish a global agenda for tobacco regulation with the purpose of reducing initiation of tobacco use and encouraging cessation. The treaty recommends (and in certain instances, requires) signatory nations to enact legislation that would address various tobacco-related issues. There are a number of proposals under consideration by the governing body of the FCTC, some of which call for substantial restrictions on the manufacture, marketing, distribution and sale of tobacco products. It is not possible to predict the outcome of these proposals or the impact of any FCTC actions on legislation or regulation in the United States, either indirectly or as a result of the United States becoming a party to the FCTC, or whether or how these actions might indirectly influence FDA regulation and enforcement. State Settlement Agreements As discussed in Note 18, during 1997 and 1998, PM USA and other major domestic cigarette manufacturers entered into the State Settlement Agreements. These settlements require participating manufacturers to make substantial annual payments, which are adjusted 37 Table of Contents for several factors, including inflation, operating income, market share and industry volume. Higher rates of inflation can increase our financial liability under the State Settlement Agreements as the State Settlement Agreements inflation calculations require us to apply the higher of 3% or the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers ( CPI-U ) percentage rate as published in January of each year. As of December 2025, the applicable percentage rate was approximately 2.7% based on the latest CPI-U data. We will continue to monitor the impact of increased inflation on the macroeconomic environment and our businesses. For a discussion of the impact of the State Settlement Agreements on us, see Liquidity and Capital Resources - Payments Under State Settlement Agreements and FDA Regulation below and Note 18. The State Settlement Agreements also place numerous requirements and restrictions on participating manufacturers business operations, including prohibitions and restrictions on the advertising and marketing of cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products. The State Settlement Agreements also place restrictions on the use of brand name sponsorships and brand name non-tobacco products and prohibitions on targeting youth and the use of cartoon characters. In addition, the State Settlement Agreements require companies to affirm corporate principles directed at reducing underage use of cigarettes; impose requirements regarding lobbying activities; limit the industry s ability to challenge certain tobacco control and underage use laws; and provide for the dissolution of certain tobacco-related organizations and place restrictions on the establishment of any replacement organizations. In November 1998, USSTC entered into the Smokeless Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement (the STMSA ) with the attorneys general of various states and United States territories to resolve the remaining health care cost reimbursement cases initiated against USSTC. The STMSA required USSTC to adopt various marketing and advertising restrictions. USSTC is the only smokeless tobacco manufacturer to sign the STMSA. Other International, Federal, State and Local Regulation and Governmental and Private Activity International, Federal, State and Local Regulation: Various states and localities have enacted or proposed legislation that imposes restrictions on tobacco products (including cigarettes, smokeless tobacco, cigars, e-vapor products and o