=== COIN_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements. Neither we nor any other person assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, restructurings, joint ventures, partnerships, or investments we may make. In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. RISK FACTORS SUMMARY Consistent with the foregoing, our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those risks discussed at length below. These risks include, among others, the following, which we consider our most material risks: Our operating results have and will significantly fluctuate, including due to the highly volatile nature of crypto; Our total revenue is substantially dependent on the prices of crypto assets and volume of transactions conducted on our platform. If such price or volume declines, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected and the price of our Class A common stock could decline; Our net revenue may be concentrated in a limited number of areas. Within transaction revenue and subscription and services revenue, a meaningful concentration is from transactions in Bitcoin and Ethereum and stablecoin revenue in connection with USDC, respectively. If revenue from these areas declines and is not replaced by new demand for crypto assets or other products and services, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected; We have in the past, and may in the future, enter into partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining strategic relationships with these third parties or if these third parties fail to deliver certain operational services, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected; Interest rate fluctuations could negatively impact us; 5 Table of Contents Adverse economic conditions could adversely affect our business; The future development and growth of crypto is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to predict and evaluate. If crypto does not grow as we expect, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected; Cyberattacks and security breaches of our platform, or those impacting our customers or third parties, could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition; We are subject to an extensive, highly-evolving and uncertain regulatory landscape and any adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition; We operate in a highly competitive industry and our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected if we are unable to compete effectively; We compete against a growing number of decentralized and noncustodial platforms and our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected if we fail to compete effectively; As we continue to expand and localize our international activities, our obligations to comply with the laws, rules, regulations, and policies of a variety of jurisdictions will increase and we may be subject to inquiries, investigations, and enforcement actions by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and governmental authorities, including those related to sanctions, export control, and anti-money laundering; We are, and may continue to be, subject to litigation, including individual and class action lawsuits, as well as investigations and enforcement actions by regulators and governmental authorities. These matters are often expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition; If we cannot keep pace with rapid industry changes to provide new and innovative products and services, the use of our products and services, and consequently our net revenue, could decline, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition; A particular crypto asset, product or service s status as a security in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if we are unable to properly characterize a crypto asset or product offering, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, inquiries, investigations, fines, and other penalties, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition; We currently rely on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our operations, and any interruptions in services provided by these third parties may impair our ability to support our customers; Loss of a critical financial institution or insurance relationship could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition; Any significant disruption in our products and services, in our information technology systems, or in any of the blockchain networks we support, could result in a loss of customers or funds and adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition; Our failure to securely store and manage our and our customers fiat currencies and crypto assets could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition; and The theft, loss, or destruction of private keys required to access any crypto assets held in custody for our own account or for our customers may be irreversible. If we are unable to access our private keys or if we experience a hack or other data loss relating to our ability to access any crypto assets, it could cause regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, and other losses. 6 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Coinbase Overview Our mission is to increase ec onomic freedom in the world. We are working to update the century-old financial system by providing a trusted platform that makes it easy for our customers to engage with crypto assets. In December 2025, we took a major step forward to becoming the Everything Exchange dramatically expanding the assets available to trade on Coinbase, including stocks, commodity futures, perpetual futures, and prediction markets. Our goal is to create a comprehensive, seamless experience for retail users, institutions, and developers to engage in the future of finance. We differentiate ourselves from our competition with: Trust : We are deeply invested in building the most secure and compliant platform. We hold customer assets one-to-one at all times. Ease of use : We build easy-to-use products that our customers love. We obsess over quality and craft. We strive to make financial transactions easy. Our Business We offer products primarily to three customer groups: Consumers : Retail customers seeking to hold, invest or trade crypto assets, as well as a growing set of trading offerings such as equities, prediction markets, and derivatives. Consumers use Coinbase as a primary account for crypto-enabled financial services, and to engage onchain. Institutions : Businesses including market makers, asset managers, hedge funds, banks, wealth platforms, registered investment advisors, payment platforms, and public and private corporations. These customers use our products to custody and trade crypto or crypto derivatives. Developers : Businesses, including technology companies, financial institutions (such as banks, fintechs, and retail brokers), and payment firms. These customers leverage the Base Chain and Coinbase Developer Platform to build, and scale crypto-enabled products. Our platform serves as a secure and compliant on-ramp to the onchain economy and enables our customers to use their crypto assets in both first and third-party product experiences. Our business consists of products that we monetize through transaction fees, such as our consumer trading product suite, as well as subscription products, such as our stablecoin products. We describe these products below. Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we will refer to our full suite of products and offerings as our platform or platforms. Transaction products Consumer trading Our platform is designed to serve a wide variety of consumers, whether they are buying their first crypto asset or are advanced traders. In 2025, we expanded our trading products beyond spot crypto as we built out the Everything Exchange. We now offer stocks, commodity futures, perpetual futures, and prediction markets. Our vision for the Everything Exchange is to offer a single platform to trade any asset, anywhere in the world. We offer our trading products through two trading experiences: 7 Table of Contents Simple trade : Our Simple trading experience offers customers the ability to buy and sell crypto assets, stocks, futures, and prediction markets using the basic interface of our platform. Simple trading focuses on consumers of all experience levels who are prioritizing ease of use. Advanced trade : Our Advanced trading experience offers traders access to spot and derivatives order books, real-time market information through interactive charts, a live trade history on the Advanced trade view, and other trading tools. Advanced trading focuses on sophisticated traders who are prioritizing a robust set of features to meet their more complex needs and higher volume. We charge fees from consumers trading on our platform, including through volume-based transaction fees and a spread depending on the type of trade. Simple trading and Advanced trading fees differ due to both the typical nature of the transactions and unique benefits of each offering. Generally, Simple trading fees are higher than those on Advanced trading. Institutional Trading and Markets We service institutional customers via Coinbase Prime, which is our full-service prime brokerage platform where our institutional customers can access deep pools of liquidity across a network of trading venues. We offer volume-based pricing and charge a transaction fee for executed trades. We also provide market infrastructure in the form of exchanges for customers to trade spot and derivatives. We currently operate four exchanges: the Coinbase Exchange, the Coinbase International Exchange, the Coinbase Derivatives Exchange, and the Deribit Exchange. These exchanges charge a volume-based transaction fee for executed trades. Exchanges Products Assets (1) Coinbase Exchange Spot trading 360+ crypto assets Coinbase International Exchange Perpetual futures, Spot 200+ crypto assets Coinbase Derivatives Exchange Dated futures, Perpetual-style futures 35+ futures (crypto, commodities, equity indices) Deribit Options, Perpetual futures, Dated futures, Spot 15+ crypto assets __________________ (1) Figures are reported as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . Deribit is the global leader in crypto options trading by volume and open interest. Deribit accelerates both our international expansion ambitions and our derivatives offerings. Other transaction products Base : Base is a decentralized L2 Ethereum blockchain offering fast, low-cost, global onchain transactions. Base has processed billions of transactions since launch and supports an expanding ecosystem of onchain applications across capital markets, trading, payments, and more. Our goal for Base is to bring one million developers and one billion users onchain to build a global economy. Coinbase generates revenue from sequencer fees paid each time a transaction is processed on the Base blockchain. Base App (formerly Coinbase Wallet) : The Base App is a self-custodial wallet product. It is the evolution of our prior Coinbase Wallet offering, which we offer globally, subject to applicable laws and app availability. The Base App integrates trading, payments, a social feed, and access to decentralized applications. Built on open protocols, users maintain ownership of their identity, assets, and social connections across the onchain ecosystem. Base App users have sole control over the cryptographic keys to access their assets, which are stored directly on their mobile devices or personal storage accounts and not with a centralized entity. Coinbase is unable by default to assist in recovery if a user loses access to their wallet, because the cryptographic key 8 Table of Contents is unilaterally controlled by the user. Users do, however, have an option in the Base App to add a recovery signer that would allow them to recover access. Subscription products and other services Stablecoins Stablecoins play a key role in updating the financial system and advancing economic freedom by combining the benefits of crypto rails, which are global, cheap, and fast, with an asset that is stable relative to fiat currencies. We offer a variety of stablecoins denominated in multiple fiat currencies on our platform, and we continue to explore partnerships with a number of stablecoin issuers to expand our offerings. In 2018, we partnered with Circle Internet Financial, LLC ( Circle ) to launch USDC, with the goal of driving global, mainstream adoption of stablecoins. Circle and its affiliate, Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS, are the issuers of USDC, a stablecoin redeemable on a one-to-one basis for U.S. dollars, and Circle Internet Financial Europe SAS is the issuer of EURC, a stablecoin redeemable on a one-to-one basis for Euros. In August 2023, we entered into an updated arrangement with Circle to (i) support USDC; (ii) help drive long-term success of the stablecoin ecosystem; and (iii) share in the economics of the reserves backing stablecoins in circulation both on and off our platform (the Circle Agreement ). Pursuant to the Circle Agreement, Circle is the issuer of USDC, holds the relevant trademarks which we can use, and pays us for our role in the growth of USDC: the greater the proportion of USDC in circulation generally and on our platform, the greater our revenue generated under the Circle Agreement. The Circle Agreement has an initial three-year term. Upon completion of the initial term, we and Circle will discuss in good faith whether any modifications to the Circle Agreement are warranted. If such modifications are not agreed upon, the Circle Agreement will automatically renew for additional three-year terms unless we or Circle fail to meet the conditions specified in the Circle Agreement. These conditions are the satisfaction of a Product Threshold, a Company Threshold, and a Reseller Threshold (as defined in the Circle Agreement). If the conditions are satisfied, the Circle Agreement cannot be terminated. Separate from any renewal, there are certain circumstances under which the parties could initiate a restructuring of the agreement. In such an event, if an amendment or restructuring is not possible or Circle does not make payments to us following such a restructuring period, we can require the assignment of certain trademarks by Circle to us, which would then impact the arrangement between the parties and Circle s ability to issue other U.S. dollar-denominated stablecoins. We and Circle may, from time to time, enter into arrangements with third parties approved by both us and Circle (such third parties, approved participants ) that provide for fees to be paid to such approved participants to increase the circulation of stablecoins subject to the Circle Agreement. In anticipation of such arrangements, in November 2024, we and Circle entered into a supplement to the Circle Agreement, pursuant to which we and Circle will agree upon the fees that such third parties are eligible to receive and the undertakings to be required of them upon becoming an approved participant. We have filed a copy of the Circle Agreement and its 2024 supplement as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K in order to provide investors with additional information about this partnership. Historically, we have observed that customers holding USDC on our platform are more likely to use our other products, such as trading. Therefore, where permitted, we pay rewards to both Coinbase One subscribers as well as institutional customers who hold USDC to incentivize on-platform use and deeper engagement with our product suite. Blockchain Rewards Certain blockchain protocols, such as Ethereum and Solana, rely on staking to validate blockchain transactions, an essential operation to these protocols operations and an alternative consensus 9 Table of Contents mechanism to mining. Network participants can designate a certain amount of their crypto assets on the network to validate transactions and earn rewards. Today, many users choose to outsource the technical processes involved in staking by staking through a service provider. We provide an onchain staking service, which allows our customers to stake their assets with a few clicks. Our customers maintain full ownership of their crypto assets while earning staking rewards. Customers who stake their assets receive rewards, paid out by applicable blockchain protocols, in the form of the network s crypto asset. The rewards rates, expressed as an annual percentage yield, vary by asset. In return for the services we provide, we earn a fixed percentage commission on all staking rewards received. Because staking rewards depend on the relevant protocol and network conditions, the estimated rewards rate for each asset made available for staking is displayed on our website and through our platform, and is calculated by periodically consulting onchain data to determine the total amount. We only facilitate staking of a consumer s crypto assets in response to a direct instruction from that consumer, and the staked crypto assets remain the property of the consumer and in our custody while staked. According to certain protocol rules, staked crypto assets cannot be sold or transferred while they remain staked, and we do not use or allocate consumers staked crypto assets for any other purpose. Subject to jurisdiction, we support eight staking assets through our platform for consumers as of December 31, 2025: Cardano (ADA), Avalanche (AVAX), Cosmos (ATOM), Polkadot (DOT), Ethereum (ETH), MATIC (POL), Solana (SOL), and Tezos (XTZ). As of December 31, 2025, approximately $7.5 billion worth of these assets were held on behalf of individual consumers staked through our platform, as measured in U.S. dollar equivalents. For our institutional customers, our staking process varies by customer. In addition to operating our own validator nodes to provide staking services, we also provide institutional customers access to validator nodes operated by third-party service providers. Institutional customers receive rewards directly from the protocol. The fees we charge to institutional customers depend on the customer agreement and the selected service. As of December 31, 2025, over $15.2 billion worth of assets were staked by institutional customers through Coinbase Prime, as adjusted to USD. We also operate a cbETH token wrapping service. cbETH is an Ethereum-based wrapped staking token that represents ownership of ETH staked through our platform. Eligible customers can obtain cbETH tokens by wrapping their staked ETH or by purchasing cbETH tokens on our exchange or on third-party exchanges. A cbETH holder can sell or transfer their cbETH within the Coinbase app or send cbETH to a self-custodial wallet or to other addresses on the Ethereum blockchain. Selling or otherwise transferring cbETH automatically transfers ownership of the underlying staked ETH, along with any rewards earned. There are risks associated with our staking services, which are described in the risk factor in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: We may suffer losses due to staking, delegating, and other related services we provide to our customers. Institutional financing Financing is an increasingly important offering to our institutional customers. We offer integrated financing products and services to institutional customers that meet our credit criteria to access liquidity for their hedging, trading, and working capital needs. Our lending product set includes tools to allow clients to trade in real time, products that enable leverage and ability to short sell across our Prime and Markets offerings, and structured loans supporting client working capital and other needs. In addition to lending, we borrow fiat, crypto assets, and stablecoins from third parties, including eligible institutional customers, to facilitate our financing products. We also offer a managed lending product for eligible institutional customers under our Agency Lending offering. 10 Table of Contents The terms of our lending and borrowing arrangements may vary modestly from customer to customer. For additional information, see Note 5. Collateralized Arrangements and Financing of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Risk Factors We provide secured loans to our customers, which exposes us to credit risks and may cause us to incur financial or reputational harm included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Custodial Interest We earn interest on customer custodial funds held at third-party depository institutions, which is influenced by customer funds on our platform and prevailing interest rates. Other subscription and services products Custody : Through Coinbase Prime, we offer an institutional-grade custody platform with a highly secure cold storage solution both within the United States and globally. We charge institutions a separate fee based on the total assets stored in custody on our platform. For example, we serve as a custodian for several Bitcoin and Ethereum ETF issuers. We now also offer an orchestrated hot wallet custody solution, enabling faster transaction execution and enhanced liquidity while maintaining institutional-grade security. We do not charge our consumers a separate fee to securely store their crypto assets on our platform. Coinbase One : Coinbase One is a consumer subscription product for which consumers pay a monthly or annual fee to unlock a variety of benefits, including limited reduced transaction fee trading, USDC rewards, higher staking rewards than non-Coinbase One subscribers, priority customer service support, and offers from third-party partners. In 2025, we launched an additional subscription tier, Coinbase One Basic, offering consumers essential benefits for a lower subscription fee. There are now three membership tiers under Coinbase One: Basic, Preferred, and Premium. We also launched the Coinbase One credit card in 2025, allowing users to earn up to 4% Bitcoin back on every purchase. Consumers are able to increase their rewards rate by increasing their balances held on the platform. Coinbase One serves two purposes: generating recurring subscription revenue and deepening user engagement across our product suite. We generate direct revenue from Coinbase One subscription fees. Coinbase One users engage with the rest of our product suite, generating trading revenue, staking commission, credit card interchange fees, and more. Coinbase developer platform : Coinbase developer platform ( CDP ) is an infrastructure solution that provides businesses of all sizes with a single entry point to build and scale crypto offerings onchain. By consolidating payments, trading, wallets, and stablecoins into a single onboarding flow and offering self-serve application programming interfaces, software development kits, and tools, CDP simplifies the integration of crypto functionality into products, enabling faster and more efficient adoption of blockchain technology. Trusted crypto platform Coinbase is the most trusted crypto platform. We place great importance on securely storing crypto assets, and we have policies and procedures to help ensure the proper storing of the crypto assets we hold on behalf of our customers and for our own investment and operating purposes. When customers use our platform, their assets remain their assets. Our products, services and educational offerings incorporate a holistic, customer-centric set of digital engagement practices, including educational content and notifications, which are designed, in part, to promote financial literacy and awareness and to provide customers with guidance and information to help them make better informed decisions. Examples of these offerings include, among others: (i) educational materials, including but not limited to an online collection of how-to guides and tutorials (ii) in-app 11 Table of Contents engagement, including features designed to enable consumers to start small and build crypto asset holdings with confidence over time, including through rewards to customers in connection with the completion of certain milestones, (iii) sweepstakes, and (iv) differentiated marketing, including paid digital and social media marketing campaigns, as well as email campaigns, search engage optimization, in-app banners, push and pop-up notifications, paid search marketing, and affiliate marketing. For additional information, see Risk Factors Laws and regulations regarding conflicts of interest associated with the use of predictive data analytics, digital engagement practices, and similar technologies, if adopted and found to be applicable to our business, may require us to modify, limit, or discontinue our use of certain technologies and features contained within our products and services and may impact the way that we interact with existing and prospective customers, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Custodial practices We store crypto assets using proprietary technology and operational processes. Crypto assets are not insured or guaranteed by any government or government agency; however, we have worked hard to securely store our customers crypto assets and our own crypto assets for investment and operational purposes with legal and operational protections. We appropriately ledger, properly segregate, and maintain separate accounts for our corporate crypto assets and customers crypto assets. With respect to Coinbase entities that provide cold storage custody services, such as Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC ( CCTC ) and Coinbase Luxembourg S.A. (which is required to hold its client assets in segregated cold storage under the Markets in Crypto Assets regulation ( MiCA )), crypto assets are held separately in dedicated addresses and managed using a proprietary combination of software and hardware security modules. For Coinbase entities that provide crypto trading services, such as Coinbase, Inc., crypto assets are held in an omnibus manner on the blockchain and separately recorded using a ledger system. As a U.S. public company, we are required to undergo annual audits and quarterly reviews, which require that our independent registered public accounting firm reviews and audits our internal controls and reconciliation processes. Our various user, custody, and client agreements outline the applicability of Uniform Commercial Code ( UCC ) Article 8 to crypto assets under custody. UCC Article 8 provides that financial assets held in the United States by Coinbase for its customers are not property of Coinbase and not subject to claims of our general creditors. We utilize both hot wallets and cold wallets in our custodial solutions. We actively manage wallet balances and generally seek to hold no more than 2% of assets under custody in hot wallets at any given time. Cold wallet private key materials are stored and secured at facilities within the United States and internationally. We store the substantial majority of our own crypto asset holdings utilizing the same storage solutions that we provide to our customers. In limited cases, we use storage solutions not offered to our customers to store immaterial amounts of crypto assets held for corporate purposes outside of our core custodial product offerings. Deribit and Coinbase Asset Management utilize Coinbase custody services and third parties as custodians. A key risk mitigation measure we utilize is ensuring that wallet private keys are never stored in plaintext format in any location. The cryptographic consensus of multiple human approvers is required to decrypt a private key for both hot and cold wallets. No single individual can control or operate Coinbase s wallet private keys. To the extent a customer withdrawal requires movement of assets from a cold wallet, authority to release proceeds from the cold wallet resides with a geographically distributed team of professionals, all of whom are subject to enhanced background checks. We perform internal audits of the private key management process and reconciliations between Coinbase wallets and third-party blockchain data. Coinbase, Inc. and CCTC, the two subsidiaries that custody the majority of crypto assets on platform, are periodically examined by regulators, including the 12 Table of Contents New York State Department of Financial Services ( NYDFS ) and various states in which such entities hold money transmission licenses. In the event of an insurable loss of assets for which we file a claim, we may be expected to provide insurance claim investigators access to inspect the assets under custody and supporting systems. We do not use third-party sub-custodians, where one custodian holds assets on behalf of another custodian, for the management and storage of digital assets. In accordance with applicable state money transmitter laws, we hold U.S. customers USD cash at FDIC-insured depository institutions, NCUSIF-insured credit unions, and in money market funds in accounts explicitly named to further demonstrate that we are holding the funds as custodian. We believe the terms of the relevant account agreements to be comparable to those offered to similar companies. Other policies and procedures We also have policies in place to help us govern accounting controls, including customer account initiations and reconciliations, and to help prevent improper self-dealing and other conflicts of interest between us and our customers on our platform. When we make investments in crypto assets, we execute investment trades away from our platform to avoid any conflict of interest with our customers. Additionally, Coinbase is committed to providing a fair, transparent, and equitable experience across our suite of trading products. Crypto assets and use cases are rapidly expanding and Coinbase seeks to offer our customers secure access to all legal assets and use cases. For example, we take a number of steps to mitigate conflicts in our digital asset listing process. We review asset listing procedures with a group of senior leaders from across the company. These leaders review the relevant aspects of any asset escalated to them in connection with a listing on our platform in accordance with our digital asset support policies and procedures. We have seen an increase in the rate of assets created and increased demand for listings, and we continue to evaluate our processes to meet this increased demand. Further, we carefully handle and keep customer data confidential through security and encryption as well as policies, training, and monitoring. Moreover, we invest heavily in compliance tools. For example, in addition to robust know-your-customer ( KYC ) and anti-money laundering programs, we employ an industry leading third-party trade surveillance software platform that helps us monitor and detect problematic trading activities on our platform, as further discussed below. We have also invested in a range of technologies that are designed to help identify and prevent harmful activity on our platform, including fraud or account takeovers. As we maintain, grow, and expand our product and services offerings we also must scale and strengthen our internal controls and processes, and monitor our third-party partners and vendors ability to similarly scale and strengthen in order for us to remain an industry leader and a trusted platform. Additionally, we have procedures to process redemptions and withdrawals expeditiously, subject to the terms of applicable user agreements. For additional information, see Risk Factors Our failure to securely store and manage our and our customers fiat currencies and crypto assets could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition and Risk Factors Depositing and withdrawing crypto assets into and from our platforms involve risks, which could result in loss of customer assets, customer disputes and other liabilities, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Competition The crypto industry is highly innovative, rapidly evolving, and characterized by healthy competition, experimentation, changing customer needs, frequent introductions of new products and services, and is subject to uncertain and evolving industry and regulatory requirements. We face significant competition from a variety of companies around the world ranging from crypto-native companies, including decentralized exchanges, to large traditional financial services incumbents and financial technology providers. 13 Table of Contents Our main competition falls into the following categories: traditional financial services and financial technology companies. This includes companies that offer crypto powered products, as well as companies that only offer traditional products, such as stocks. With the expansion in our product offerings in 2025 to include stocks, prediction markets and more, our competitive set in this category has broadened; companies focused on the crypto asset market, some of whom adhere to local regulations and directly compete with our platform, and others that choose to operate outside of local rules and regulations or in jurisdictions with less stringent local rules and regulations and are potentially able to more quickly adapt to trends, support a greater number of crypto assets, and develop new crypto-based products and services due to a different standard of regulatory scrutiny; crypto-focused companies and traditional financial incumbents that offer point or siloed solutions specifically targeted at institutional customers; decentralized and non-custodial platforms; and stablecoins, other than USDC, and fiat currencies globally. The competitive landscape varies significantly by geography, and many offerings are global in nature. The traditional financial services and financial technology companies we compete against are largely U.S.- and European-based and operate under the same evolving regulatory landscape that we do. However, we also face competition from companies, in particular those located outside the United States, who are subject to significantly less stringent regulatory and compliance requirements in their local jurisdictions. Their business models rely on being unregulated or only regulated in a small number of lower compliance jurisdictions, while also offering their products in highly regulated jurisdictions, including the United States, without necessarily complying with the relevant regulatory requirements in such jurisdictions. As regulations and compliance requirements in the United States become clearer, we may face increased competition from U.S.-based companies. We differentiate ourselves from our competition first through our focus on building easy to use products, and second through investing in our trusted brand as a compliant and secure platform. We also differentiate through rapid product innovation, and by building products that are onchain native, such as staking, access to decentralized exchanges, access to decentralized borrowing and lending markets and more. See the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more comprehensive description of risks related to competition. Human Capital Powering Coinbase is no small task, and requires hiring, developing, and retaining the most talented individuals who are deeply passionate about our mission to increase economic freedom and who are excited to build new products and services. We work incredibly hard in pursuit of ambitious goals. We signal who will thrive at Coinbase by being transparent about our culture on our website. We operate with the following tenets: Clear communication Efficient execution Act like an owner Top talent Championship team Continuous learning Customer focus 14 Table of Contents Repeatable innovation Positive energy Mission first We are a remote-first company. We believe that allowing our employees to work in the location that best suits them provides us access to a large talent pool and a sustained advantage in hiring and retaining employees in the United States and worldwide. We offer competitive, transparent compensation, and unique learning. We conduct an annual market review to ensure our compensation continues to be consistent with our competitive compensation philosophy. We have single, transparent pay targets for the vast majority of our roles eliminating most compensation negotiations and provide one-year equity grants for the vast majority of employees. We have also made meaningful investments in learning and development, including offering an annual learning stipend and in-house crypto learning curriculum. We continuously improve our people programs and practices. We regularly monitor engagement through pulse surveys to continuously optimize our culture, employee engagement, risk management, and productivity. We invest in these surveys and associated action planning at the executive level, as we believe our people and culture are key drivers of business success. As of December 31, 2025, we had 4,951 employees. Government Regulation We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business operations and future business plans. Many of these laws and regulations continue to evolve through legislative and regulatory action and judicial interpretation, and may be modified, interpreted, and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another. Moreover, the complexity and evolving nature of our business and the significant uncertainty surrounding the regulation of the products we offer, require us to exercise our judgment as to whether certain laws, rules, and regulations apply to us, and it is possible that regulators may disagree with our conclusions. Therefore, we monitor these areas closely and invest significant resources in our legal, compliance, product, and engineering teams to ensure our business practices evolve to help us comply with the current laws, regulations, and legal standards to which we are subject, as well as to plan and prepare for changes in interpretations thereof, as well as additional laws, regulations, and legal standards that are introduced in the future. For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see the sections titled Risk Factors and Legal Proceedings in Part I, Item 1A and 3, respectively, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing We are subject to various anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws, including the Bank Secrecy Act (the BSA ) in the United States, and similar laws and regulations abroad. In the United States, as a money services business registered with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ( FinCEN ), we are required under the BSA to among other things, develop, implement, and maintain a risk-based anti-money laundering program, provide an anti-money laundering-related training program, report suspicious activities and transactions to FinCEN, comply with certain reporting and recordkeeping requirements, and collect and maintain information about our customers. In addition, the BSA requires us to comply with certain customer due diligence requirements as part of our anti-money laundering obligations, including developing risk-based policies, procedures, and internal controls reasonably designed to verify a customer s identity. Many states and other countries impose similar and, in some 15 Table of Contents cases, more stringent requirements related to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing. Our compliance program is designed to prevent and detect instances of money laundering, terrorist financing, and other illicit activity on our platform. It is also designed to prohibit the use of Coinbase in sanctioned jurisdictions, or by sanctioned persons or entities, as determined by the Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ), and equivalent foreign authorities. It includes policies, procedures, reporting protocols, and internal controls, and is designed to address legal and regulatory requirements as well as to assist us in managing risks associated with money laundering and terrorist financing. As part of our compliance program, we limit the use of our products and services to jurisdictions where we are legally able to offer our products and services, and customers can only use our products and services in the specific jurisdictions we have approved. We enforce such geographic restrictions though various onboarding and login controls to limit a customer from accessing products or services outside of their jurisdiction-based permissions. Additionally, we have a robust KYC program, which is a central part of our anti-money laundering program. Our KYC program is governed by our Global KYC Policy that covers customer onboarding, and includes customer due diligence; calculation and assessment of customer risk rating; application of enhanced due diligence on high risk customers; and screening customers against global sanctions lists. Following the customer onboarding process, we perform ongoing monitoring of customers and transaction activity to ensure that potentially suspicious activity is appropriately detected, and when appropriate, reported. Anti-money laundering regulations are constantly evolving and vary from jurisdiction-to-jurisdiction. We continuously monitor our compliance with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing regulations and industry standards and implement policies, procedures, and controls in light of the most current legal requirements. For a description of the risks we may face from (i) unauthorized or impermissible customer access to our products and services outside of jurisdictions where we have determined to make such products and services available or (ii) an assertion of jurisdiction over our operations or the crypto assets we offer by U.S. and foreign regulators and other government entities, see the following risk factors in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (i) We are subject to an extensive, highly-evolving and uncertain regulatory landscape and any adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition ; (ii) As we continue to expand and localize our international activities, our obligations to comply with the laws, rules, regulations, and policies of a variety of jurisdictions will increase and we may be subject to inquiries, investigations, and enforcement actions by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and governmental authorities, including those related to sanctions, export control, and anti-money laundering ; and (iii) A particular crypto asset, product or service s status as a security in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if we are unable to properly characterize a crypto asset or product offering, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, inquiries, investigations, fines, and other penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition . Money transmission, stored value, and virtual currency business activity In the United States, we have obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter or the equivalent in the states where such licenses or equivalent are required to conduct our business, as well as in the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. In addition, we have obtained a BitLicense from NYDFS and a Virtual Currency Business License from Louisiana. As a licensed money transmitter and an entity subject to the BitLicense regulatory regime, we are subject to, among other things, the BSA, restrictions, and requirements with respect to the investment of customer funds and use and safeguarding of customer funds and crypto assets, and bonding, minimum capital and net worth requirements, prudential compliance obligations associated with customer notice and disclosure, reporting and recordkeeping requirements applicable to the company, as well as requirements relating to the screening of control persons and inspection and examination by state regulatory agencies. These state licensing laws also cover matters such as regulatory approval of controlling shareholders, directors, and senior management of the licensed entity. 16 Table of Contents Outside the United States, we have obtained a number of licenses to provide crypto-asset custody and trading services. In Singapore, we hold a major payment institution license issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. In Australia, we are registered as a digital currency exchange provider with the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre. We are also registered as a Reporting Entity with the Financial Intelligence Unit of India and as a Money Services Business with the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada; we have also registered as a Restricted Dealer by the Canadian Securities Administrators, with the Ontario Securities Commission as its Principal Regulator. In Bermuda, we have obtained a Class F (Full) Digital Asset Business License from the Bermuda Monetary Authority enabling us to service consumer trading in numerous approved jurisdictions. In addition, we have obtained Virtual Asset Service Provider registrations in Argentina and the United Kingdom through which we offer crypto custody and trading services in these countries, as well as a MiCA license in Luxembourg to offer crypto custody and trading services across the European Economic Area ( EEA ). Additionally, Deribit has a conditional Virtual Asset Service Provider license issued by the Virtual Asset Regulatory Authority of Dubai. Under these licenses and registrations, we are subject to a broad range of rules and regulations including in respect of anti-money laundering, safeguarding of customer assets and funds, regulatory capital requirements, fit and proper management, operational controls, corporate governance, customer disclosures, reporting, and record keeping. Electronic money and payment institution We serve our customers through Electronic Money Institutions authorized by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority and the Central Bank of Ireland. We comply with rules and regulations applicable to the European e-money industry, including those related to funds safeguarding, corporate governance, anti-money laundering, disclosure, reporting, and inspection. We are, or may be, subject to banking-related regulations in other countries now or in the future related to our role in the financial industry. New York State trust company Our subsidiary, CCTC, operates as a New York State-chartered limited purpose trust company, which is subject to regulation, examination, and supervision by the NYDFS. NYDFS regulations impose various compliance requirements including, without limitation, operational limitations related to the nature of crypto assets we can hold under custody, capital requirements, BSA and anti-money laundering program requirements, affiliate transaction limitations, and notice and reporting requirements. Securities In recent years, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) and U.S. state securities regulators have stated that certain digital assets or digital asset products may be classified as securities under U.S. federal and state securities laws, and in the case of the SEC, has made public statements on this topic however, these statements are not binding or definitive guidance. A number of enforcement actions and regulatory proceedings have since been initiated and concluded against digital assets and digital asset products, as well as against trading platforms that support digital assets and digital asset products. The SEC has characterized a number of crypto assets, products, and services as securities in these regulatory proceedings and enforcement actions, including an enforcement action brought against us. On February 28, 2025, we, Coinbase, Inc. and the SEC jointly stipulated to dismissal of SEC v. Coinbase, Inc. et al. with prejudice. The case is now concluded. The SEC has stated more recently that a crypto asset itself is not a security, but there is uncertainty and inconsistency in the courts that have grappled with the issue of whether or how certain crypto asset transactions could be deemed securities. Several foreign governments have also issued similar warnings cautioning that digital assets may be deemed to be securities or other similarly regulated financial instruments under the laws of their jurisdictions. We have established policies and practices to evaluate each crypto asset we consider for listing, delisting, or for custody. We also evaluate all other products and services prior to launch under U.S. federal and applicable international securities laws. 17 Table of Contents Our subsidiary, Coinbase Capital Markets Corporation, operates as a SEC-registered broker-dealer and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ), and in December 2025, began offering equities trading to individual U.S. customers as an introducing broker in partnership with a carrying broker. Commodities and derivatives The Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) has stated, and CFTC enforcement actions have confirmed, that many crypto assets, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, fall within the definition of a commodity under the U.S. Commodities Exchange Act of 1936 (the CEA ). Under the CEA, the CFTC has broad enforcement authority to police market manipulation and fraud in spot commodity markets, including the spot crypto markets. We are subject to such authority with respect to improper trading on our platform. In addition, CFTC regulations and CFTC oversight and enforcement authority apply with respect to futures, swaps, other derivative products, and certain retail leveraged commodity transactions involving crypto assets, including the markets on which these products trade. Separately, security-based swaps are subject to SEC regulation and oversight. In general, we seek to ensure that crypto asset transactions on our crypto asset trading platform do not constitute futures, swaps, security-based swaps, other derivative products, or retail leveraged commodity transactions. Our subsidiary, Coinbase Financial Markets, Inc. ( CFM ) operates as a futures commission merchant ( FCM ) and in December 2025, began offering event contracts. In September 2023, Coinbase International Exchange secured regulatory approval from the Bermuda Monetary Authority to enable perpetual futures for eligible non-U.S. customers, and in February 2022, we acquired LMX Labs, LLC, a designated contract market ( DCM ) regulated by the CFTC which now operates as the Coinbase Derivatives Exchange, in connection with our acquisition of FairXchange, Inc. FCMs and DCMs are subject to the rules of the National Futures Association as well as numerous regulatory requirements, including strict capital requirements. Our subsidiary, Coinbase Financial Services Europe Ltd is licensed as a derivatives broker under Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, subject to the supervision of the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission to offer derivatives products to eligible customers in the European Union. Deribit FZE operates a derivatives exchange under the supervision of the Virtual Asset Regulatory Authority of Dubai. While many of our products are offered under the authority of the CFTC, state laws and regulations may create conflicting obligations or constraints on our business. We may become subject to regulatory scrutiny or legal challenge with respect to our compliance with these requirements. Anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and export controls We are subject to anti-corruption and economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate. Anti-corruption laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in the United States and the Bribery Act 2010 in the United Kingdom (the Bribery Act ), generally prohibit companies and those acting on their behalf from making improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or to gain an unfair business advantage. Some of these laws, such as the Bribery Act, also prohibit improper payments between private entities and persons. Economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s OFAC and equivalent applicable foreign authorities prohibit or restrict transactions to or from, or dealings with or involving, certain countries, regions, governments, and in certain circumstances, specified individuals and entities such as narcotics traffickers, terrorists, and terrorist organizations, as well as certain digital currency addresses owned by the foregoing. We are also required to comply with export control laws and regulations administered by the United States and other applicable jurisdictions, including those administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security. We have implemented compliance programs and controls designed to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject. Privacy and protection of user data We are subject to a number of laws, rules, directives, and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, security, processing, and transfer of personally identifiable information about our customers and 18 Table of Contents employees in the countries where we operate. Our business relies on the processing of personal data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. As a result, much of the personal data that we process, which may include certain financial information associated with individuals, is regulated by multiple privacy and data protection laws and, in some cases, the privacy and data protection laws of multiple jurisdictions. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between or among us, our subsidiaries, and other parties with which we have commercial relationships. Consumer protection The Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ), the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ), and other U.S. federal, state, and local and foreign regulatory agencies regulate financial products, including money transfer services related to remittance or peer-to-peer transfers. These agencies, as well as certain other governmental bodies, including state attorneys general, have broad consumer protection mandates and discretion in enforcing consumer protection laws, including matters related to unfair or deceptive, and, in the case of the CFPB, abusive acts or practices ( UDAAPs ), and they promulgate, interpret, and enforce rules and regulations that affect our business. The CFPB has enforcement authority to prevent an entity that offers or provides consumer financial services or products in the United States from committing or engaging in UDAAPs or violating other federal consumer financial laws, including the ability to engage in joint investigations with other agencies, issue subpoenas and civil investigative demands, conduct hearings and adjudication proceedings, commence a civil action, grant relief (e.g., limit activities or functions; rescission of contracts), and refer matters for criminal proceedings. Market disruptions have led to certain attempts by consumer protection focused agencies, including the CFPB, to directly regulate the crypto industry. New laws or regulations, or changes in enforcement of existing laws or regulations could require us to change certain business practices related to consumer disclosures, marketing and operational features related to payments and remittance regulations and other laws that may impact our business. Escheatment and unclaimed property regulations We are subject to unclaimed property laws in the United States and in certain other jurisdictions where we operate. These laws may require us to turn over to certain government authorities the property of others held by us that has been unclaimed for a specified period of time, including airdropped tokens and forked crypto assets. These laws may also require us to liquidate that property prior to turning it over. We hold property subject to unclaimed property laws; however, there is significant regulatory uncertainty with how certain states and foreign jurisdictions treat crypto assets under unclaimed property rules. Lending law We originate secured commercial loans in certain states in the United States. As a result, our lending activities are subject to various state lending laws and licensure requirements with respect to lending activities within such states. These state lending laws may be enforced by state attorneys general, state financial regulators, and private litigants, among others. Given our novel business model and uncertainty regarding application of some of these laws and regulations, we may become subject to regulatory scrutiny or legal challenge with respect to our compliance with these requirements. Interchange fees Interchange fees associated with four-party payments systems are being reviewed or challenged in various jurisdictions. For example, in the E.U., the Multilateral Interchange Fee Regulation caps interchange fees for credit and debit card payments and provides for business rules to be complied with by any company dealing with card transactions, including us. As a result, the fees that we collect in certain jurisdictions may become the subject of regulatory challenge. Prepaid cards, card association and payment network rules 19 Table of Contents Prepaid card programs are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations, including consumer financial protection regulations such as the CFPB s Regulation E, which imposes requirements on issuers of prepaid cards. In addition to the federal and state laws and regulations governing prepaid cards, we, as well as the banks that issue our Coinbase Card and Coinbase One Credit Card, are subject to and required to comply with card association and payment network rules and guidelines which apply to prepaid cards. The card association and payment network rules govern a variety of areas, including how consumers and merchants may use their cards and data security, and may be changed periodically. The laws, rules and regulations impose compliance obligations and costs on our business, and failure to comply could result in litigation, enforcement actions, penalties, or the termination of our ability to offer prepaid cards. Furthermore, the bylaws and agreements between clearing house participants, payment networks, and credit and debit card issuers impose specific responsibilities and liabilities for issuers of debit and credit cards and the brands that partner with such issuers. We, as well as the banks that issue our Coinbase Card (debit) and our Coinbase One Credit Card (credit), are required to comply with the appropriate National Automated Clearing House Association ( NACHA ), bylaws, operating rules, and agreements, as well as card network rules and guidelines, each as applicable. Additional new products and services that we offer may also impose additional obligations on us to comply with NACHA and card network obligations related to preventing fraud, money laundering, and IT security breaches. Intellectual Property The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important aspect of our business. We rely upon a variety of protections, including a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, confidentiality procedures, and contractual commitments. We co-founded the Crypto Open Patent Alliance, and pledged to only use our crypto technology patents defensively. We may also in the future agree to license our patents to third parties as part of various patent pools and open patent projects. Corporate Information We were initially incorporated in May 2012 as Coinbase, Inc., a Delaware corporation. In January 2014, Coinbase Global, Inc. was incorporated as a Delaware corporation to act as the holding company of Coinbase, Inc. and our other subsidiaries. In April 2014, we completed a corporate reorganization whereby Coinbase, Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coinbase Global, Inc. In December 2025, Coinbase Global, Inc. converted to a Texas corporation. Coinbase Global, Inc. s principal assets are its interests in the equity of Coinbase, Inc. In addition to Coinbase, Inc., Coinbase Global, Inc. is the parent company of a number of other operating subsidiaries. We are a remote-first company, meaning the majority of our employees work remotely. Due to this, we do not maintain a headquarters. Coinbase, the Coinbase logo, and other registered or common law trade names, trademarks, or service marks of Coinbase included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Coinbase. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. Available Information We file our annual, periodic and current reports, and other required information, electronically with the SEC and this information is available at www.sec.gov. We also make available on our website at www.coinbase.com, free of charge, copies of these reports and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We use our Investor Relations website (investor.coinbase.com), our blog (blog.coinbase.com), press releases, public conference calls and webcasts, our X feed (@coinbase), Brian Armstrong s X feed (@brian_armstrong), our LinkedIn page, and our YouTube channel as means of disclosing material non- 20 Table of Contents public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The information disclosed by the foregoing channels could be deemed to be material information. As such, we encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed above and to review the information disclosed through such channels. The contents of the websites referred to above are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we deem immaterial may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. The market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment due to any of these risks. The Most Material Risks Related to Our Business and Financial Position Our operating results have and will significantly fluctuate, including due to the highly volatile nature of crypto. Due to the highly volatile nature of prices of crypto assets, our operating results have, and will continue to, fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter in accordance with market sentiments and movements in the broader onchain economy. Our operating results will continue to fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are unpredictable and in certain instances are outside of our control, including: crypto asset trading activity, including trading volume and the prevailing trading prices for crypto assets, which can be highly volatile; our ability to attract, maintain, grow, and engage our customer and developer base; changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, or actions by U.S. or foreign governments or regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees; regulatory changes or scrutiny that impact our ability to offer certain products or services; our ability to continue to diversify and grow our subscription and services revenue, including our stablecoin revenue; our mix of revenue between transaction and subscription and services; pricing for, or temporary suspensions of, our products and services; adding crypto assets to, or removing from, our platform; our ability to establish and maintain partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties; fluctuations in the market values of our marketable and strategic investments; market conditions of, and overall sentiment towards, crypto; macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates, inflation, changes in tariffs and trade restrictions, extended U.S. federal government shutdowns, and instability in the global banking system; 21 Table of Contents adverse legal proceedings or regulatory enforcement actions, judgments, settlements, or other legal proceedings, and enforcement-related costs; the development and introduction of existing and new products and services by us or our competitors; the amount and timing of our operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business and operations, including investments we make in the development of products and services, as well as technology offered to our developers, international expansion, and sales and marketing; system failures, outages or interruptions, including with respect to our platform and third-party crypto networks; our lack of control over decentralized or third-party blockchains and networks that may experience downtime, cyberattacks, critical failures, errors, bugs, corrupted files, data losses, or other similar software failures, outages, breaches and losses; breaches of security or privacy; inaccessibility of our platform due to our or third-party actions; our ability to attract and retain talent; and our ability to compete with our competitors. As a result of these factors, it is difficult for us to forecast growth trends accurately and our business and future prospects are difficult to evaluate, particularly in the short term. In view of the rapidly evolving nature of our business and the volatility of the markets in which we operate, period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. Quarterly and annual expenses reflected in our financial statements may be significantly different from historical or projected rates. Our operating results in one or more future quarters may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. As a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock may increase or decrease significantly. Our total revenue is substantially dependent on the prices of crypto assets and volume of transactions conducted on our platform. If such price or volume declines, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected and the price of our Class A common stock could decline. We generate a large portion of our total revenue from transaction fees on our platform in connection with the purchase, sale, and trading of crypto assets by our customers. Transaction revenue is based on transaction fees that are either a flat fee or a percentage of the value of each transaction. For our consumer trading product, we also charge a spread to ensure that we are able to settle purchases and sales at the prices we quote to customers. We also generate a large portion of total revenue from our subscription and services, and such revenue has grown over time, primarily due to growth in stablecoin revenue in connection with payment stablecoins. Declines in the volume of crypto asset transactions, the price of crypto assets, or market liquidity for crypto assets generally may result in lower total revenue to us. The price of crypto assets and associated demand for buying, selling, and trading crypto assets have historically been subject to significant volatility. If the price and transaction volume of crypto assets decline in the future, our ability to generate revenue may suffer and customer demand for our products and services may decline, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. The price and transaction volume of any crypto asset is subject to significant uncertainty and volatility, depending on a number of factors, including: 22 Table of Contents market conditions of, and overall sentiment towards, crypto assets, including, but not limited to, as a result of actions taken by or developments of other companies in our industry; changes in liquidity, market-making volume, and trading activities; trading activities on other crypto platforms worldwide, many of which may be unregulated, and may include manipulative activities; investment and trading activities of highly active consumer and institutional users, speculators, miners, and investors; the speed and rate at which crypto is able to gain adoption as a medium of exchange, utility, store of value, consumptive asset, security instrument, or other financial assets worldwide, if at all; decreased user and investor confidence in crypto assets and crypto platforms; negative publicity and events relating to the onchain economy; unpredictable social media coverage or trending of, or other rumors and market speculation regarding, crypto assets; the ability for crypto assets to meet user and investor demands; the functionality and utility of crypto assets and their associated ecosystems and networks, including crypto assets designed for use in various applications; consumer preferences and perceived value of crypto assets and crypto asset markets; increased competition from other payment services or other crypto assets that may exhibit better speed, security, scalability, or other characteristics; adverse legal proceedings or regulatory enforcement actions, judgments, or settlements impacting industry participants; regulatory or legislative changes, scrutiny and updates affecting the onchain economy; the characterization of crypto assets under the laws of various jurisdictions around the world; the adoption of unfavorable taxation policies on crypto asset investments by governmental entities; the maintenance, troubleshooting, and development of the blockchain networks underlying crypto assets, including by miners, validators, and developers worldwide; the ability for crypto networks to attract and retain miners or validators to secure and confirm transactions accurately and efficiently; legal and regulatory changes affecting the operations of miners and validators of blockchain networks, including limitations, and prohibitions on mining activities, or new legislative or regulatory requirements as a result of growing environmental concerns around the use of energy in Bitcoin and other proof-of-work mining activities; ongoing technological viability and security of crypto assets and their associated smart contracts, applications and networks, including vulnerabilities against hacks and scalability; speed and fees associated with processing crypto asset transactions, including on the underlying blockchain networks and on crypto platforms; financial strength of market participants; the availability and cost of funding and capital; the liquidity and credit risk of other crypto platforms and other participants of the onchain economy; 23 Table of Contents interruptions or temporary suspensions or other compulsory restrictions in products or services from or failures of major crypto platforms; availability of an active derivatives market for various crypto assets; availability of banking and payment services to support crypto-related projects; instability in the global banking system and the level of interest rates and inflation; monetary policies of governments, trade restrictions, and fiat currency devaluations; and national and international economic and political conditions. There is no assurance that any supported crypto asset will maintain its value or that there will be meaningful levels of trading activities. In the event that the price of crypto assets or the demand for trading crypto assets decline, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected and the price of our Class A common stock could decline. Our net revenue may be concentrated in a limited number of areas. Within transaction revenue and subscription and services revenue, a meaningful concentration is from transactions in Bitcoin and Ethereum and stablecoin revenue in connection with payment stablecoins, respectively. If revenue from these areas declines and is not replaced by new demand for crypto assets or other products and services, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. While we support a diverse portfolio of crypto assets for trading, staking and custody, our net revenue is concentrated in a limited number of areas, such as transactions in Bitcoin and Ethereum for transaction revenue and stablecoin revenue in connection with payment stablecoins for subscription and services revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we derived a meaningful amount of our net revenue from transaction fees generated in connection with the trading of Bitcoin and Ethereum; these trading pairs drove approximately 45% and 46% of total Trading Volume on our platform during these periods, respectively. In addition to the factors impacting the broader onchain economy described in this section, our revenue may be adversely affected if the markets for Bitcoin and Ethereum deteriorate or if their prices decline, including as a result of the following factors: the reduction in blockchain transaction fees of Bitcoin, including block reward halving events, which are events that occur after a specific period of time and reduce the block reward earned by miners; public sentiment related to the actual or perceived environmental impact of Bitcoin, Ethereum, and related activities, including environmental concerns raised by private individuals and governmental actors related to the energy resources consumed in the Bitcoin mining process; disruptions, hacks, splits in the underlying networks also known as forks, attacks by malicious actors who control a significant portion of the networks hash rate such as double spend or 51% attacks, or other similar incidents affecting the Bitcoin or Ethereum blockchain networks; hard forks resulting in the creation of and divergence into multiple separate networks, such as Bitcoin Cash and Ethereum Classic; informal governance led by Bitcoin and Ethereum s core developers that lead to revisions to the underlying source code or inactions that prevent network scaling, and which evolve over time largely based on self-determined participation, which may result in new changes or updates that affect their speed, security, usability, or value; the ability for Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchain networks to resolve significant scaling challenges and increase the volume and speed of transactions; 24 Table of Contents the ability to attract and retain customers and developers to use Bitcoin and Ethereum for payment, store of value, unit of accounting, and other intended uses and the absence of another supported crypto asset to attract and retain developers and customers for the same; transaction congestion and fees associated with processing transactions on the Bitcoin and Ethereum networks and the absence of another supported crypto asset to replace these transactions; the identification of Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonymous person or persons who developed Bitcoin, or the transfer of Satoshi s Bitcoins; negative perception of Bitcoin or Ethereum; developments in mathematics and technology, including in digital computing, algebraic geometry, and quantum computing that could result or be perceived to result in the cryptography being used by Bitcoin and Ethereum becoming insecure or ineffective; adverse legal proceedings or regulatory enforcement actions, judgments, or settlements impacting industry participants; regulatory, legislative or other compulsory or informal restrictions or limitations on Bitcoin or Ethereum lending, mining or staking activities; liquidity and credit risk issues experienced by other crypto platforms and other participants of the onchain economy; and laws and regulations affecting the Bitcoin and Ethereum networks or access to these networks, including a determination that either Bitcoin or Ethereum constitutes a controlled or otherwise regulated financial instrument under the laws of any jurisdiction. Our subscription and services revenue has grown over time to represent a more meaningful amount of our revenue, primarily due to growth in stablecoin revenue received in connection with payment stablecoins. Such revenue depends on a variety of factors, including demand for our subscription and services offerings, demand for payment stablecoins, the overall payment stablecoin market capitalization, the mix of payment stablecoin balances held in Coinbase products as compared to that held off-platform, interest rates, and our ongoing relationships with third parties, such as Circle. If such factors are negatively impacted, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We have in the past, and may in the future, enter into partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining strategic relationships with these third parties or if these third parties fail to deliver certain operational services, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We have in the past, and may in the future, enter into partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties in connection with the development, operation, and enhancement of our platform and products and the provision of our services. For example, Circle provides us with creation and redemption services for USDC, including the operational capabilities required for our USDC customer-facing services. If Circle fails to provide certain operational services, our ability to maintain our current level of offerings and customer experience for USDC could be harmed and interest or confidence in USDC could be impacted. Identifying strategic relationships with third parties and negotiating and documenting relationships with them may be time-consuming and complex and may distract management. Moreover, we may be delayed, or not be successful, in achieving the objectives that we anticipate as a result of such strategic relationships. In evaluating counterparties in connection with partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures or strategic alliances, we consider a wide range of economic, legal and regulatory criteria depending on the nature of such relationship, including the counterparties reputation, operating results and financial condition, operational ability to satisfy our and our customers needs in a timely manner, efficiency and reliability of systems, certifications costs to us or to our 25 Table of Contents customers, and licensure and compliance status. Despite this evaluation, third parties may still not meet our or our customers needs which may adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to customers, and could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Counterparties to any strategic relationship may have economic or business interests or goals that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may subject us to additional risks to the extent any such third party becomes the subject of negative publicity, faces its own litigation or regulatory challenges, or faces other adverse circumstances. Conflicts may arise with our strategic partners, such as the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement, which may result in litigation or arbitration which would increase our expenses and divert the attention of our management. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining strategic relationships with third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Interest rate fluctuations could negatively impact us. The level of prevailing short-term interest rates affects our profitability because we derive a large portion of our revenue from interest earned on funds deposited with us by our customers which we hold on their behalf in custodial accounts at financial institutions and from stablecoin revenue, which is derived from interest earned on payment stablecoins, such as USDC reserve balances, as well as from interest earned on cash and other cash equivalents. Higher interest rates increase the amount of interest and finance fee income and stablecoin revenue earned from these activities. When short-term interest rates decline, our revenue derived from interest correspondingly declines. Further, because stablecoin revenue from payment stablecoins has become an increased portion of our subscription and services revenue, if interest rates were to significantly decline, our net revenue could decline. Conversely, when interest rates increase, investors may choose to shift their asset allocations, which could negatively impact our stock price or the onchain economy more generally. The future development and growth of crypto is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to predict and evaluate. If crypto does not grow as we expect, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Crypto assets built on blockchain technology were only introduced in 2008 and remain in the early stages of development. In addition, different crypto assets are designed for different purposes. Bitcoin, for instance, was designed to serve as a peer-to-peer electronic cash system, while Ethereum was designed to be a smart contract and decentralized application platform. Many other crypto networks, ranging from cloud computing to tokenized securities networks, have only recently been established. The further growth and development of any crypto assets and their underlying networks and other cryptographic and algorithmic protocols governing the creation, transfer, and usage of crypto assets represent a new and evolving paradigm that is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate, including: many crypto networks have limited operating histories, have not been validated in production, and are still in the process of developing and making significant decisions that will affect the design, supply, issuance, functionality, and governance of their respective crypto assets and underlying blockchain networks, any of which could adversely affect their respective crypto assets; many crypto networks are in the process of implementing software upgrades and other changes to their protocols, which could introduce bugs, security risks, or adversely affect the respective crypto networks; several large networks, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, are developing new features to address fundamental speed, scalability, and energy usage issues. If these issues are not successfully addressed, or if these networks do not achieve widespread adoption, it could adversely affect the underlying crypto assets; security issues, bugs, and software errors have been identified with many crypto assets and their underlying blockchain networks, some of which have been exploited by malicious actors. There 26 Table of Contents are also inherent security weaknesses in some crypto assets, such as when creators of certain crypto networks use procedures that could allow hackers to counterfeit tokens. Any weaknesses identified with a crypto asset could adversely affect its price, security, liquidity, and adoption rate. If one or more malicious actors obtains a majority of the compute or staking power on a crypto network, as has happened in the past, it may be able to engage in illicit activity, which could cause financial losses to holders, damage the network s reputation and security, and adversely affect its value; the development of new technologies for mining, such as improved application-specific integrated circuits (commonly referred to as ASICs), or changes in industry patterns, such as the consolidation of mining power in a small number of large mining farms, could reduce the security of blockchain networks, lead to increased liquid supply of crypto assets, and reduce a crypto asset s price and attractiveness; if rewards and transaction fees for miners or validators on any particular crypto network are not sufficiently high to attract and retain miners or validators, a crypto network s security and speed may be adversely affected, increasing the likelihood of a malicious attack; crypto networks may have consolidated points of failure (such as concentrated ownership or an admin key ), allowing a small group of holders to have significant unilateral control and influence over key decisions related to their crypto networks, such as governance decisions and protocol changes, as well as the market price of such crypto assets; the governance of many decentralized blockchain networks, including L2 blockchains like Base Chain (formerly Base), is by voluntary consensus and open competition, and many developers are not directly compensated for their contributions. As a result, there may be a lack of consensus or clarity on the governance of any particular crypto network, a lack of incentives for developers to maintain or develop the network, and other unforeseen issues, any of which could result in unexpected or undesirable errors, bugs, or changes, or stymie such network s utility and ability to respond to challenges and grow; and many crypto networks are in the early stages of developing partnerships and collaborations, any or all of which may not succeed and adversely affect the usability and adoption of the respective crypto assets. Various other technical issues have also been uncovered from time to time that resulted in disabled functionalities, exposure of certain users personal information, theft of users assets, and other negative consequences, and which required resolution with the attention and efforts of their global miner, user, and development communities. If any such risks or other risks materialize, and in particular if they are not resolved, the development and growth of crypto may be significantly affected and, as a result, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Cyberattacks and security breaches of our platform, or those impacting our customers or third parties, could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. Our business involves the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of confidential information, customer, employee, service provider, and other personal data, as well as information required to access customer assets. We have built our reputation on the premise that our platform offers customers a secure way to purchase, store, and transact in crypto assets. As a result, any actual or perceived security breach of us or our third-party partners may: harm our reputation and brand; result in our systems or services being unavailable and interrupt our operations; result in improper disclosure of data and violations of applicable privacy and data protection laws; 27 Table of Contents result in significant regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, penalties, and other legal, regulatory, and financial exposure; cause us to incur significant remediation costs; lead to theft or irretrievable loss of our or our customers fiat currencies or crypto assets; reduce customer confidence in, or decrease customer use of, our products and services; divert the attention of management from the operation of our business; result in significant compensation or contractual penalties payable by us to our customers or third parties as a result of losses to them or claims by them; and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. For example, as previously disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2025, a threat actor improperly obtained information about certain customer accounts and internal documentation, and used that information for social-engineering attempts. No passwords or private keys were compromised as a result of this incident. We continue to face risks related to this incident, including harm to our reputation, governmental investigations and regulatory scrutiny, and ongoing litigation. Further, any actual or perceived breach or cybersecurity attack directed at other financial institutions or crypto companies, whether or not we are directly impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence or in the use of technology to conduct financial transactions, which could negatively impact us, including the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and technology infrastructure. An increasing number of organizations, including large merchants, businesses, technology companies, and financial institutions, as well as government institutions, have disclosed breaches of their information security systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks, including on their websites, mobile applications, and infrastructure. Attacks upon systems across a variety of industries, including the crypto industry, are increasing in their frequency, persistence, magnitude, and sophistication, and, in many cases, are being conducted by sophisticated, well-funded, and organized groups and individuals, including state actors. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper, or illegal access to systems and information (including customers personal data and crypto assets), disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized or detected until after they have been launched against a target. These attacks may occur on our systems or those of our third-party service providers or partners. Certain types of cyberattacks could harm us even if our systems are left undisturbed. For example, attacks may be designed to deceive employees and service providers into releasing control of our systems to a hacker, while others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware into our systems with a view to stealing confidential or proprietary data. Additionally, certain threats are designed to remain dormant or undetectable until launched against a target, and we may not be able to implement adequate preventative measures. Although we have developed systems and processes designed to protect the data we manage, prevent data loss and other security breaches, effectively respond to known and potential risks, and expect to continue to expe