=== COIN_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we deem immaterial may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. The market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment due to any of these risks. The Most Material Risks Related to Our Business and Financial Position Our operating results have and will significantly fluctuate, including due to the highly volatile nature of crypto. Due to the highly volatile nature of prices of crypto assets, our operating results have, and will continue to, fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter in accordance with market sentiments and movements in the broader onchain economy. Our operating results will continue to fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are unpredictable and in certain instances are outside of our control, including: • crypto asset trading activity, including trading volume and the prevailing trading prices for crypto assets, which can be highly volatile; • our ability to attract, maintain, grow, and engage our customer and developer base; • changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, or actions by U.S. or foreign governments or regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees; • regulatory changes or scrutiny that impact our ability to offer certain products or services; • our ability to continue to diversify and grow our subscription and services revenue, including our stablecoin revenue; • our mix of revenue between transaction and subscription and services; • pricing for, or temporary suspensions of, our products and services; • adding crypto assets to, or removing from, our platform; • our ability to establish and maintain partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties; • fluctuations in the market values of our marketable and strategic investments; • market conditions of, and overall sentiment towards, crypto; • macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates, inflation, changes in tariffs and trade restrictions, extended U.S. federal government shutdowns, and instability in the global banking system; 21 Table of Contents • adverse legal proceedings or regulatory enforcement actions, judgments, settlements, or other legal proceedings, and enforcement-related costs; • the development and introduction of existing and new products and services by us or our competitors; • the amount and timing of our operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business and operations, including investments we make in the development of products and services, as well as technology offered to our developers, international expansion, and sales and marketing; • system failures, outages or interruptions, including with respect to our platform and third-party crypto networks; • our lack of control over decentralized or third-party blockchains and networks that may experience downtime, cyberattacks, critical failures, errors, bugs, corrupted files, data losses, or other similar software failures, outages, breaches and losses; • breaches of security or privacy; • inaccessibility of our platform due to our or third-party actions; • our ability to attract and retain talent; and • our ability to compete with our competitors. As a result of these factors, it is difficult for us to forecast growth trends accurately and our business and future prospects are difficult to evaluate, particularly in the short term. In view of the rapidly evolving nature of our business and the volatility of the markets in which we operate, period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. Quarterly and annual expenses reflected in our financial statements may be significantly different from historical or projected rates. Our operating results in one or more future quarters may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. As a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock may increase or decrease significantly. Our total revenue is substantially dependent on the prices of crypto assets and volume of transactions conducted on our platform. If such price or volume declines, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected and the price of our Class A common stock could decline. We generate a large portion of our total revenue from transaction fees on our platform in connection with the purchase, sale, and trading of crypto assets by our customers. Transaction revenue is based on transaction fees that are either a flat fee or a percentage of the value of each transaction. For our consumer trading product, we also charge a spread to ensure that we are able to settle purchases and sales at the prices we quote to customers. We also generate a large portion of total revenue from our subscription and services, and such revenue has grown over time, primarily due to growth in stablecoin revenue in connection with payment stablecoins. Declines in the volume of crypto asset transactions, the price of crypto assets, or market liquidity for crypto assets generally may result in lower total revenue to us. The price of crypto assets and associated demand for buying, selling, and trading crypto assets have historically been subject to significant volatility. If the price and transaction volume of crypto assets decline in the future, our ability to generate revenue may suffer and customer demand for our products and services may decline, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. The price and transaction volume of any crypto asset is subject to significant uncertainty and volatility, depending on a number of factors, including: 22 Table of Contents • market conditions of, and overall sentiment towards, crypto assets, including, but not limited to, as a result of actions taken by or developments of other companies in our industry; • changes in liquidity, market-making volume, and trading activities; • trading activities on other crypto platforms worldwide, many of which may be unregulated, and may include manipulative activities; • investment and trading activities of highly active consumer and institutional users, speculators, miners, and investors; • the speed and rate at which crypto is able to gain adoption as a medium of exchange, utility, store of value, consumptive asset, security instrument, or other financial assets worldwide, if at all; • decreased user and investor confidence in crypto assets and crypto platforms; • negative publicity and events relating to the onchain economy; • unpredictable social media coverage or “trending” of, or other rumors and market speculation regarding, crypto assets; • the ability for crypto assets to meet user and investor demands; • the functionality and utility of crypto assets and their associated ecosystems and networks, including crypto assets designed for use in various applications; • consumer preferences and perceived value of crypto assets and crypto asset markets; • increased competition from other payment services or other crypto assets that may exhibit better speed, security, scalability, or other characteristics; • adverse legal proceedings or regulatory enforcement actions, judgments, or settlements impacting industry participants; • regulatory or legislative changes, scrutiny and updates affecting the onchain economy; • the characterization of crypto assets under the laws of various jurisdictions around the world; • the adoption of unfavorable taxation policies on crypto asset investments by governmental entities; • the maintenance, troubleshooting, and development of the blockchain networks underlying crypto assets, including by miners, validators, and developers worldwide; • the ability for crypto networks to attract and retain miners or validators to secure and confirm transactions accurately and efficiently; • legal and regulatory changes affecting the operations of miners and validators of blockchain networks, including limitations, and prohibitions on mining activities, or new legislative or regulatory requirements as a result of growing environmental concerns around the use of energy in Bitcoin and other proof-of-work mining activities; • ongoing technological viability and security of crypto assets and their associated smart contracts, applications and networks, including vulnerabilities against hacks and scalability; • speed and fees associated with processing crypto asset transactions, including on the underlying blockchain networks and on crypto platforms; • financial strength of market participants; • the availability and cost of funding and capital; • the liquidity and credit risk of other crypto platforms and other participants of the onchain economy; 23 Table of Contents • interruptions or temporary suspensions or other compulsory restrictions in products or services from or failures of major crypto platforms; • availability of an active derivatives market for various crypto assets; • availability of banking and payment services to support crypto-related projects; • instability in the global banking system and the level of interest rates and inflation; • monetary policies of governments, trade restrictions, and fiat currency devaluations; and • national and international economic and political conditions. There is no assurance that any supported crypto asset will maintain its value or that there will be meaningful levels of trading activities. In the event that the price of crypto assets or the demand for trading crypto assets decline, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected and the price of our Class A common stock could decline. Our net revenue may be concentrated in a limited number of areas. Within transaction revenue and subscription and services revenue, a meaningful concentration is from transactions in Bitcoin and Ethereum and stablecoin revenue in connection with payment stablecoins, respectively. If revenue from these areas declines and is not replaced by new demand for crypto assets or other products and services, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. While we support a diverse portfolio of crypto assets for trading, staking and custody, our net revenue is concentrated in a limited number of areas, such as transactions in Bitcoin and Ethereum for transaction revenue and stablecoin revenue in connection with payment stablecoins for subscription and services revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we derived a meaningful amount of our net revenue from transaction fees generated in connection with the trading of Bitcoin and Ethereum; these trading pairs drove approximately 45% and 46% of total Trading Volume on our platform during these periods, respectively. In addition to the factors impacting the broader onchain economy described in this section, our revenue may be adversely affected if the markets for Bitcoin and Ethereum deteriorate or if their prices decline, including as a result of the following factors: • the reduction in blockchain transaction fees of Bitcoin, including block reward halving events, which are events that occur after a specific period of time and reduce the block reward earned by miners; • public sentiment related to the actual or perceived environmental impact of Bitcoin, Ethereum, and related activities, including environmental concerns raised by private individuals and governmental actors related to the energy resources consumed in the Bitcoin mining process; • disruptions, hacks, splits in the underlying networks also known as “forks,” attacks by malicious actors who control a significant portion of the networks’ hash rate such as double spend or 51% attacks, or other similar incidents affecting the Bitcoin or Ethereum blockchain networks; • hard “forks” resulting in the creation of and divergence into multiple separate networks, such as Bitcoin Cash and Ethereum Classic; • informal governance led by Bitcoin and Ethereum’s core developers that lead to revisions to the underlying source code or inactions that prevent network scaling, and which evolve over time largely based on self-determined participation, which may result in new changes or updates that affect their speed, security, usability, or value; • the ability for Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchain networks to resolve significant scaling challenges and increase the volume and speed of transactions; 24 Table of Contents • the ability to attract and retain customers and developers to use Bitcoin and Ethereum for payment, store of value, unit of accounting, and other intended uses and the absence of another supported crypto asset to attract and retain developers and customers for the same; • transaction congestion and fees associated with processing transactions on the Bitcoin and Ethereum networks and the absence of another supported crypto asset to replace these transactions; • the identification of Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonymous person or persons who developed Bitcoin, or the transfer of Satoshi’s Bitcoins; • negative perception of Bitcoin or Ethereum; • developments in mathematics and technology, including in digital computing, algebraic geometry, and quantum computing that could result or be perceived to result in the cryptography being used by Bitcoin and Ethereum becoming insecure or ineffective; • adverse legal proceedings or regulatory enforcement actions, judgments, or settlements impacting industry participants; • regulatory, legislative or other compulsory or informal restrictions or limitations on Bitcoin or Ethereum lending, mining or staking activities; • liquidity and credit risk issues experienced by other crypto platforms and other participants of the onchain economy; and • laws and regulations affecting the Bitcoin and Ethereum networks or access to these networks, including a determination that either Bitcoin or Ethereum constitutes a controlled or otherwise regulated financial instrument under the laws of any jurisdiction. Our subscription and services revenue has grown over time to represent a more meaningful amount of our revenue, primarily due to growth in stablecoin revenue received in connection with payment stablecoins. Such revenue depends on a variety of factors, including demand for our subscription and services offerings, demand for payment stablecoins, the overall payment stablecoin market capitalization, the mix of payment stablecoin balances held in Coinbase products as compared to that held off-platform, interest rates, and our ongoing relationships with third parties, such as Circle. If such factors are negatively impacted, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We have in the past, and may in the future, enter into partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining strategic relationships with these third parties or if these third parties fail to deliver certain operational services, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We have in the past, and may in the future, enter into partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties in connection with the development, operation, and enhancement of our platform and products and the provision of our services. For example, Circle provides us with creation and redemption services for USDC, including the operational capabilities required for our USDC customer-facing services. If Circle fails to provide certain operational services, our ability to maintain our current level of offerings and customer experience for USDC could be harmed and interest or confidence in USDC could be impacted. Identifying strategic relationships with third parties and negotiating and documenting relationships with them may be time-consuming and complex and may distract management. Moreover, we may be delayed, or not be successful, in achieving the objectives that we anticipate as a result of such strategic relationships. In evaluating counterparties in connection with partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures or strategic alliances, we consider a wide range of economic, legal and regulatory criteria depending on the nature of such relationship, including the counterparties’ reputation, operating results and financial condition, operational ability to satisfy our and our customers’ needs in a timely manner, efficiency and reliability of systems, certifications costs to us or to our 25 Table of Contents customers, and licensure and compliance status. Despite this evaluation, third parties may still not meet our or our customers’ needs which may adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to customers, and could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Counterparties to any strategic relationship may have economic or business interests or goals that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may subject us to additional risks to the extent any such third party becomes the subject of negative publicity, faces its own litigation or regulatory challenges, or faces other adverse circumstances. Conflicts may arise with our strategic partners, such as the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement, which may result in litigation or arbitration which would increase our expenses and divert the attention of our management. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining strategic relationships with third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Interest rate fluctuations could negatively impact us. The level of prevailing short-term interest rates affects our profitability because we derive a large portion of our revenue from interest earned on funds deposited with us by our customers which we hold on their behalf in custodial accounts at financial institutions and from stablecoin revenue, which is derived from interest earned on payment stablecoins, such as USDC reserve balances, as well as from interest earned on cash and other cash equivalents. Higher interest rates increase the amount of interest and finance fee income and stablecoin revenue earned from these activities. When short-term interest rates decline, our revenue derived from interest correspondingly declines. Further, because stablecoin revenue from payment stablecoins has become an increased portion of our subscription and services revenue, if interest rates were to significantly decline, our net revenue could decline. Conversely, when interest rates increase, investors may choose to shift their asset allocations, which could negatively impact our stock price or the onchain economy more generally. The future development and growth of crypto is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to predict and evaluate. If crypto does not grow as we expect, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Crypto assets built on blockchain technology were only introduced in 2008 and remain in the early stages of development. In addition, different crypto assets are designed for different purposes. Bitcoin, for instance, was designed to serve as a peer-to-peer electronic cash system, while Ethereum was designed to be a smart contract and decentralized application platform. Many other crypto networks, ranging from cloud computing to tokenized securities networks, have only recently been established. The further growth and development of any crypto assets and their underlying networks and other cryptographic and algorithmic protocols governing the creation, transfer, and usage of crypto assets represent a new and evolving paradigm that is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate, including: • many crypto networks have limited operating histories, have not been validated in production, and are still in the process of developing and making significant decisions that will affect the design, supply, issuance, functionality, and governance of their respective crypto assets and underlying blockchain networks, any of which could adversely affect their respective crypto assets; • many crypto networks are in the process of implementing software upgrades and other changes to their protocols, which could introduce bugs, security risks, or adversely affect the respective crypto networks; • several large networks, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, are developing new features to address fundamental speed, scalability, and energy usage issues. If these issues are not successfully addressed, or if these networks do not achieve widespread adoption, it could adversely affect the underlying crypto assets; • security issues, bugs, and software errors have been identified with many crypto assets and their underlying blockchain networks, some of which have been exploited by malicious actors. There 26 Table of Contents are also inherent security weaknesses in some crypto assets, such as when creators of certain crypto networks use procedures that could allow hackers to counterfeit tokens. Any weaknesses identified with a crypto asset could adversely affect its price, security, liquidity, and adoption rate. If one or more malicious actors obtains a majority of the compute or staking power on a crypto network, as has happened in the past, it may be able to engage in illicit activity, which could cause financial losses to holders, damage the network’s reputation and security, and adversely affect its value; • the development of new technologies for mining, such as improved application-specific integrated circuits (commonly referred to as ASICs), or changes in industry patterns, such as the consolidation of mining power in a small number of large mining farms, could reduce the security of blockchain networks, lead to increased liquid supply of crypto assets, and reduce a crypto asset’s price and attractiveness; • if rewards and transaction fees for miners or validators on any particular crypto network are not sufficiently high to attract and retain miners or validators, a crypto network’s security and speed may be adversely affected, increasing the likelihood of a malicious attack; • crypto networks may have consolidated points of failure (such as concentrated ownership or an “admin key”), allowing a small group of holders to have significant unilateral control and influence over key decisions related to their crypto networks, such as governance decisions and protocol changes, as well as the market price of such crypto assets; • the governance of many decentralized blockchain networks, including L2 blockchains like Base Chain (formerly Base), is by voluntary consensus and open competition, and many developers are not directly compensated for their contributions. As a result, there may be a lack of consensus or clarity on the governance of any particular crypto network, a lack of incentives for developers to maintain or develop the network, and other unforeseen issues, any of which could result in unexpected or undesirable errors, bugs, or changes, or stymie such network’s utility and ability to respond to challenges and grow; and • many crypto networks are in the early stages of developing partnerships and collaborations, any or all of which may not succeed and adversely affect the usability and adoption of the respective crypto assets. Various other technical issues have also been uncovered from time to time that resulted in disabled functionalities, exposure of certain users’ personal information, theft of users’ assets, and other negative consequences, and which required resolution with the attention and efforts of their global miner, user, and development communities. If any such risks or other risks materialize, and in particular if they are not resolved, the development and growth of crypto may be significantly affected and, as a result, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Cyberattacks and security breaches of our platform, or those impacting our customers or third parties, could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. Our business involves the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of confidential information, customer, employee, service provider, and other personal data, as well as information required to access customer assets. We have built our reputation on the premise that our platform offers customers a secure way to purchase, store, and transact in crypto assets. As a result, any actual or perceived security breach of us or our third-party partners may: • harm our reputation and brand; • result in our systems or services being unavailable and interrupt our operations; • result in improper disclosure of data and violations of applicable privacy and data protection laws; 27 Table of Contents • result in significant regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, penalties, and other legal, regulatory, and financial exposure; • cause us to incur significant remediation costs; • lead to theft or irretrievable loss of our or our customers’ fiat currencies or crypto assets; • reduce customer confidence in, or decrease customer use of, our products and services; • divert the attention of management from the operation of our business; • result in significant compensation or contractual penalties payable by us to our customers or third parties as a result of losses to them or claims by them; and • adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. For example, as previously disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2025, a threat actor improperly obtained information about certain customer accounts and internal documentation, and used that information for social-engineering attempts. No passwords or private keys were compromised as a result of this incident. We continue to face risks related to this incident, including harm to our reputation, governmental investigations and regulatory scrutiny, and ongoing litigation. Further, any actual or perceived breach or cybersecurity attack directed at other financial institutions or crypto companies, whether or not we are directly impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence or in the use of technology to conduct financial transactions, which could negatively impact us, including the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and technology infrastructure. An increasing number of organizations, including large merchants, businesses, technology companies, and financial institutions, as well as government institutions, have disclosed breaches of their information security systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks, including on their websites, mobile applications, and infrastructure. Attacks upon systems across a variety of industries, including the crypto industry, are increasing in their frequency, persistence, magnitude, and sophistication, and, in many cases, are being conducted by sophisticated, well-funded, and organized groups and individuals, including state actors. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper, or illegal access to systems and information (including customers’ personal data and crypto assets), disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized or detected until after they have been launched against a target. These attacks may occur on our systems or those of our third-party service providers or partners. Certain types of cyberattacks could harm us even if our systems are left undisturbed. For example, attacks may be designed to deceive employees and service providers into releasing control of our systems to a hacker, while others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware into our systems with a view to stealing confidential or proprietary data. Additionally, certain threats are designed to remain dormant or undetectable until launched against a target, and we may not be able to implement adequate preventative measures. Although we have developed systems and processes designed to protect the data we manage, prevent data loss and other security breaches, effectively respond to known and potential risks, and expect to continue to expend significant resources to bolster these protections, there can be no assurance that these security measures will provide absolute security or prevent breaches or attacks. We have experienced from time to time, and may experience in the future, breaches of our security measures due to human error, malfeasance, insider threats, system errors or vulnerabili

=== COIN_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the “Annual Report”). You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in the Annual Report, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Financial Statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described in the Annual Report are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we deem immaterial may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any such risks occur, our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities In connection with an acquisition, on January 2, 2026, we issued 172,780 shares of our Class A common stock (the “Shares”) to certain former stockholders of the acquired company, as partial consideration for our acquisition of the outstanding capital stock of said company. The Shares were issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (or Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder) in a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of the Shares represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were placed upon the book-entry shares issued in the transaction. All recipients of the Shares either received adequate information about us or had access, through their relationships with us, to such information. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities In October 2024, our board of directors authorized and approved a share repurchase program, which provided for the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding Class A common stock without expiration. In October 2025, our board of directors (i) increased the aggregate repurchase authorization under the program from $1.0 billion to $2.0 billion and (ii) expanded the scope of the repurchases to include a portion of the aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 2026 Convertible Notes, 2029 43 Table of Contents Convertible Notes, 2030 Convertible Notes, 2032 Convertible Notes, and both series of Senior Notes (collectively, the “Notes”). In January 2026, our board of directors approved a $2.0 billion increase in the authorization of our previously announced repurchase program from $2.0 billion to $4.0 billion (as modified, the “Repurchase Program”). Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market (including through trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act), in privately negotiated transactions, in a tender offer, or by other methods in accordance with the applicable federal and state laws and regulations. The timing and amount of any repurchases will depend on market conditions and other considerations, and will be made at management’s discretion. The Repurchase Program does not obligate us to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of our Class A common stock or Notes and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. The following table contains information relating to the repurchases of shares of our Class A common stock made by us in the three months ended March 31, 2026. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1 – January 31, 2026 1,910,258 $ 210.46 1,910,258 $ 2,807,766,039 February 1 – February 28, 2026 3,610,657 165.97 3,610,657 2,208,495,001 March 1 – March 31, 2026 757,475 159.62 757,475 2,087,588,148 6,278,390 6,278,390 __________________ (1) Average price paid per share includes commissions related to repurchases. (2) Share counts reported in this table are recognized on a settlement date basis. The above table excludes shares repurchased to settle employee tax withholding related to the vesting of stock awards. See the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for quantification of all shares repurchased by us during the periods presented. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans The Company’s directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) are only permitted to trade in the Company’s securities pursuant to a prearranged trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (a “Rule 10b5-1 Plan”). During the three months ended March 31, 2026, two of the Company’s non-employee directors terminated previously adopted Rule 10b5-1 Plans and adopted new Rule 10b5-1 Plans and one of the Company’s officers adopted a Rule 10b5-1 Plan. All such Rule 10b5-1 Plans were entered into during an open trading window in accordance with the Company’s Insider Trading Policy and Trading Plan Policy. On February 17, 2026 , Fred Wilson , a member of the Company’s board of directors , terminated a Rule 10b5-1 Plan he had previously adopted with respect to the sale of up to 64,973 shares of Class A common stock owned by Mr. Wilson and his spouse (the “Prior Wilson Plan”). The Prior Wilson Plan was adopted on August 7, 2025 and, prior to its termination by Mr. Wilson, was to expire by its terms on November 1, 2027, or earlier, upon the completion of all transactions subject to the trading arrangements 44 Table of Contents specified in the Prior Wilson Plan or the occurrence of certain events set forth therein. As of the date of termination of the Prior Wilson Plan, Mr. Wilson had sold 30,000 shares of Class A common stock under its terms. On February 18, 2026 , Mr. Wilson entered into a Rule 10b5-1 Plan (the “Wilson Plan”) providing for the potential sale of up to 50,000 shares of Class A common stock owned by The Frederick & Joanne Wilson 2012 DE Trust, of which Mr. Wilson’s spouse is the grantor, so long as the market price of the Class A common stock satisfies certain threshold prices specified in the Wilson Plan, between an estimated start date of May 20, 2026 and May 12, 2028 , or earlier, upon the completion of all transactions subject to the trading arrangements specified in the Wilson Plan or the occurrence of certain events set forth therein. On March 5, 2026 , Frederick Ernest Ehrsam III , a member of the Company’s board of directors , terminated a Rule 10b5-1 Plan he had previously adopted with respect to the sale of up to 2,543,770 shares of Class A common stock owned by The Frederick Ernest Ehrsam III Living Trust, of which Mr. Ehrsam is trustee (the “Prior Ehrsam Plan”). The Prior Ehrsam Plan was adopted on August 7, 2025 and, prior to its termination by Mr. Ehrsam, was to expire by its terms on October 30, 2026, or earlier, upon the completion of all transactions subject to the trading arrangements specified in the Prior Ehrsam Plan or the occurrence of certain events set forth therein. As of the date of termination of the Prior Ehrsam Plan, Mr. Ehrsam had sold 370,564 shares of Class A common stock under its terms. On March 5, 2026 , Mr. Ehrsam entered into a Rule 10b5-1 Plan (the “Ehrsam Plan”) providing for the potential sale of up to 3,585,976 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Class B common stock owned by The Frederick Ernest Ehrsam III Living Trust, of which Mr. Ehrsam is trust