=== VRT_2026-04-24.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0001674101 0001674101 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001674101 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001674101 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001674101 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001674101 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001674101 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a 12 Vertiv Holdings Co (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than The Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents 2026 Proxy Statement and Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders June 17, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) via live webcast at the following address www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 Table of Contents Vertiv Holdings Co 505 N. Cleveland Avenue Westerville, Ohio 43082 April 24, 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders June 17, 2026 Dear Stockholder, On behalf of the Board of Directors of Vertiv Holdings Co ( Vertiv ), I am pleased to invite you to participate in Vertiv s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on June 17, 2026, at 11 a.m. Eastern time. The meeting will be virtual and can be accessed via live webcast at the following address www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 . We encourage you to review the proxy statement, which contains important information about the stockholder meeting, our nominees for election to our Board of Directors, and executive compensation, among other important disclosures. Whether or not you plan to participate in the meeting, it is important that your shares be represented. Please vote your shares via the internet, the toll-free telephone number provided or, if you received a paper copy of a proxy card or voter instruction form by mail, you may vote your shares by completing, signing, dating, and returning your proxy card or voter instruction form in the postage-paid envelope. We value you as one of our stockholders, we appreciate your investment in Vertiv, and we welcome your participation in our upcoming stockholder meeting. Kind regards, David M. Cote Executive Chairman of the Board Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders To be held on June 17, 2026 11:00 a.m. (ET) Notice is hereby given that the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Vertiv Holdings Co, a Delaware corporation (the Company , Vertiv or we ), will be held on June 17, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time), via live webcast at the following address www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 . We are holding the meeting for the following purposes: 1. Election of Directors. Elect eleven director nominees to our Board of Directors, each for a term of one year expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until such director s successor has been duly elected and qualified; 2. Say-On-Pay. Approve, on an advisory basis, the 2025 compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in the accompanying proxy statement; and 3. Independent Auditor. Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 20, 2026 (the Record Date ) will be entitled to virtually attend or vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. To facilitate voting, Internet and telephone voting are available. The instructions for voting are on the proxy card. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker, or other holder of record, please follow the voter instruction form you received from the holder of record. The 2026 Annual Meeting will be virtual. You may attend the Annual Meeting and vote your shares electronically during the Annual Meeting via live webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 . You will need the 16-digit control number that is printed on your proxy card, voter instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, to enter the Annual Meeting. Vertiv recommends that you log in 15 minutes before the Annual Meeting to ensure you are logged in when the Annual Meeting starts. Your vote is important. Please act as soon as possible to vote your shares, whether or not you plan to virtually attend the Annual Meeting. Additionally, please mark, sign, date, and return the accompanying proxy card or voter instruction form in the postage-paid envelope or vote by telephone or via the Internet. Instructions are included on your proxy card, voter instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. April 24, 2026 Stephanie L. Gill Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary These materials were first sent or made available to shareholders on April 24, 2026. Table of Contents Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 1 GENERAL INFORMATION 6 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 10 Nominees for Election 10 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 16 Board Composition 16 Director Independence 16 Board of Directors Leadership Structure 16 Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight 17 Attendance at Board of Directors and Committee Meetings and Annual Meeting 18 Board Committees 18 Policy Regarding Director Nominations 20 Communication with the Board of Directors 21 Code of Conduct 21 Director Compensation 21 Insider Trading Policy for Employees, Officers and Directors; Prohibition on Hedging 23 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 24 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 27 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 27 COMPENSATION TABLES 39 Summary Compensation Table 39 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2025 40 Understanding Our Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2025 Table 40 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 41 Option Exercises and Stock Vested During Fiscal 2025 42 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 42 CEO Pay Ratio 45 Pay versus Performance 46 Equity Compensation Plan Information 49 PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 50 PROPOSAL 3: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 51 INFORMATION REGARDING INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 52 Pre-Approval Policy 52 Fees 52 Audit Fees 52 Audit-Related Fees 52 Tax Fees 52 All Other Fees 52 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 53 STOCK OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 54 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 56 Related Party Transactions Policies and Procedures 56 Business Combination 56 Other Related Party Transactions 56 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 56 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 57 List of Stockholders of Record 57 Submission of Stockholder Proposals at Next Year s Annual Meeting 57 Consideration of Stockholder-Recommended Director Nominees 57 Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors 57 Note About Forward-Looking Statements 58 ANNEX A NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 59 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 60 - 2026 Proxy Statement | i Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY This Proxy Summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement and does not contain all of the information that you should consider. Please read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. Meeting Details Time and Date: June 17, 2026 (11:00 a.m. Eastern Time) Place: Virtual Meeting (see www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 ) Record Date: April 20, 2026 Voting: Stockholders of Vertiv as of the Record Date are entitled to vote. Each share of Vertiv Class A common stock is entitled to one vote for each director nominee and one vote for each of the other proposals to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting. Meeting Agenda Item Proposal Board s Voting Recommendation Page Reference Election of Directors Elect eleven director nominees to our Board of Directors, each for a term of one year expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until such director s successor has been duly elected and qualified; FOR (each nominee) 10 Say-on-Pay Approve, on an advisory basis, the 2025 compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in the accompanying proxy statement; and FOR 50 Independent Auditor Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. FOR 51 2025 Performance 2025 was a year of strong execution and market leadership. We capitalized on unprecedented demand for AI and high-performance compute infrastructure, delivering exceptional financial performance while expanding capacity, deepening strategic partnerships, and strengthening our technology leadership. The numbers tell a compelling story: net sales reached $10.2 billion, up 28% year-over-year. Operating profit jumped 34% to $1.8 billion. Adjusted operating margin expanded 100 basis points to 20.4% demonstrating our ability to scale profitably. Operating cash flow increased 60% to $2.1 billion and adjusted free cash flow increased 66% to $1.9 billion, providing significant financial flexibility. Our backlog reached $15.0 billion at year-end, up 109% year-over-year. These numbers reflect our customers confidence in our ability to deliver the infrastructure that AI demands. We stand at the center of the industry s transformation, positioned to deliver sustained value creation for our shareholders, customers, and employees while maintaining our leadership in technological innovation. - 2026 Proxy Statement | 1 Table of Contents Strategic Compensation-Related and Other Actions to Position Us for Long-Term Growth Capacity and Technology Expansion. We invested in capacity expansion to meet current and anticipated customer demand. We expanded our global footprint and scaled our services capabilities to over 5,000 field service engineers worldwide. As AI and high-performance compute continue transforming the data center industry, we invested heavily in innovation ER D spending grew 20% in 2025. We launched breakthrough solutions including Vertiv OneCore, our complete converged data center infrastructure solution, and Vertiv SmartRun, our prefabricated whitespace infrastructure that accelerates data hall fit-out. We expanded our liquid cooling and thermal management technologies to serve next-generation AI applications. Strategic Acquisitions. We deployed approximately $1.2 billion for strategic acquisitions while maintaining our strong balance sheet. Great Lakes expanded our customized racks and cabinets capabilities for AI infrastructure. Waylay strengthened our digital services with AI-enabled advanced monitoring. PurgeRite enhanced our specialized fluid management capabilities for liquid cooling systems. Each acquisition deepened our capabilities and strengthened our portfolio. Strategic Partnerships. We deepened collaboration with NVIDIA on next-generation AI infrastructure and 800 VDC power architectures. We partnered with Caterpillar and Oklo on on-site power generation for gigawatt-scale AI infrastructure, reducing deployment timelines from years to months. These partnerships address critical industry challenges and position us to enable the infrastructure that AI demands. 2 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Packages Are Strongly Aligned with Stockholder Interests The following charts show the mix of the primary compensation elements for 2025 for our CEO and our other NEOs, including salary, target annual cash incentive, annual long-term incentive awards granted during the year (in the form of stock options) and other benefits. (1) As reflected in the charts below, we have structured executive compensation, particularly for the CEO, to be performance-based and aligned with stockholder value. (1) Excludes our new CFO given his start date late in the year. Long-Term Incentive reflects equity awards actually granted during 2025, not any modifications, and does not include the one-time performance equity award to Mr. Armul. CEO Compensation Is Focused on Variable Pay Mr. Albertazzi s primary compensation for 2025 is summarized below. The determination of the cash bonus based on performance is further described below. As further described below, our CEO s compensation for 2025 is reflective of the Compensation Committee s review of his leadership and execution of our strategic initiatives, including technology and innovation development, capacity and capabilities expansion, strategic acquisitions that enhanced our capabilities, product, and service offerings, and improved operational performance (such as tariff and inflation mitigation, supplier resiliency, VOS) that is delivering robust value to shareholders, as well as considerations around his total compensation within our Compensation Peer Group. See also the Compensation Discussion and Analysis below for a discussion of considerations in approving his increased compensation for 2025. 2025 CEO Compensation Base Salary (as of 12/31/25) $1,300,000 Target Cash Bonus (as % of Base Salary) 150% Actual Cash Bonus (for 2025 performance) $4,000,000 Approximate Grant Date Fair Value of Annual Equity Awards Granted $13.04 M Corporate Governance Highlights Annual Full Board Elections . We provide for director elections on an annual basis to provide our stockholders with regular input on the composition of our Board of Directors. Separate Chairman and CEO Roles . We believe that, at this time, our continuing separation of the roles of CEO and Chairman enables the Board of Directors to effectively exercise its role in oversight of Vertiv while allowing our CEO to focus on the management of the day-to-day conduct of our business. See Board of Directors Leadership Structure below for further information. Code of Conduct . We have a code of conduct that applies to all our directors, officers and other employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The code of conduct, along with other corporate governance documents, is available on our website, https://investors.vertiv.com/corporate-governance/documents/default.aspx . No Poison Pill . Vertiv does not maintain a poison pill or stockholder rights plan. - 2026 Proxy Statement | 3 Table of Contents Robust Stock Ownership Guidelines . We require executive officers and directors to hold meaningful amounts and values of stock and to meet certain other guidelines, as further set forth below under Stock Ownership Guidelines for Company Officers and Directors . Further, the Company adopted a no sale restriction that restricts an executive officer from selling stock until such officer has met or exceeds ownership guidelines. All of our executive officers and directors have met or are anticipated to meet these guidelines within the applicable time period. Prohibition of Hedging and Pledging . Our insider trading policy prohibits our officers, directors and employees from hedging or pledging our shares. Commitment to Responsible Business Initiatives In 2025, we continued to strengthen and improve our responsible business program and advance our efforts through a range of responsible business initiatives. In particular: Reporting We issued our fourth annual Responsible Business Report in 2025, which was aligned to certain elements of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ( SASB ) and Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) frameworks, as well as select United Nations Sustainable Development Goals ( UNSDGs ) that we view as most relevant to our business. Governance We continued to hold ourselves to high governance standards. In 2025, our Responsible Business Steering Committee continued to enhance and further develop our responsible business strategies, evaluate related disclosure frameworks for public reporting, and keep our Board of Directors apprised of various responsible business topics. Responsible Products and Solutions We continued our technology innovation, and developed products, services, and solutions that helped enable our customers to meet their energy and water efficiency and environmental-related objectives across increasingly high-density and AI-enabled digital infrastructure environments. Our portfolio includes integrated power, thermal, and modular infrastructure solutions designed to support higher efficiency, improved resource utilization, and flexible deployment. These include advanced power systems and battery energy storage solutions, liquid and hybrid cooling technologies, modular and prefabricated infrastructure platforms, and system-level monitoring and controls that help optimize performance across the full data center lifecycle. Our approach to meeting our customers demands for scalable, reliable digital infrastructure, while helping them manage environmental impacts, rests on five key principles that guide product and technology development and delivery: High efficiency : Designing products and solutions that improve energy, water, materials, and carbon efficiency. High reliability : Building resilient, durable, and serviceable equipment to support long-term operational performance. Low impact : Reducing environmental impacts across product design, materials, and manufacturing processes. Low touch : Enabling remote troubleshooting, diagnostics, and digital services to reduce maintenance-related impacts. Circular economy : Supporting the reuse, refurbishment, and recycling of equipment and materials at end of life. Responsible Operations We continued to benchmark our operations by collecting and evaluating our greenhouse gas emissions inventory and other operational data to inform internal planning, risk management, and continuous improvement efforts. These activities support our focus on improving efficiency across our facilities and processes, managing energy, water, waste, and environmental compliance within our own operations, and complement the efficiencies delivered through our products and solutions to customers. Our Neighbors We believe our success is closely linked to our responsibility to our employees, customers, communities, and other stakeholders, and the values that underpin our corporate culture. In 2025, we continued our charitable contribution efforts, focusing our global community and philanthropic initiatives on supporting STEM education, health research, crisis response, and local community needs. Together with our employees and their families, Vertiv supported organizations and activities around the world by providing volunteer services and/or monetary donations. Examples include, Pelotonia, Columbus Crew STEM Day, NC4K Kick Childhood Cancer, and various disaster relief efforts in communities where we operate. Our People As further described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis below, our Compensation Committee demonstrated strong leadership by recognizing and rewarding our management team s strong performance in delivering transformative financial and operational results by paying above target bonuses, generally, to our NEOs for 2025 and to eligible non-executive employees. These bonuses were paid in recognition of company and individual performance results and are in furtherance of our pay-for-performance culture in an effort to maximize the retention of 4 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents our employees who helped us implement and deliver such results against our strategic framework in 2025. We recognize that our employees are critical to achieving our strategic priorities and business objectives, and investing in them is a key component to our success. We provide development and training programs for our employees, including new product training for our sales and services organizations, Leading@Vertiv for our management level employees, and MyFirst90Days for newly hired employees, which serve as key human capital measures and objectives. Additionally, our salaried and services employees participate in a comprehensive annual performance review process designed to encourage direct dialogue and candid feedback to support employee development, career progression, and a high-performance culture. Further, we offer leadership development programs for employees at early-career levels in finance, sales, services, and engineering, as well as customized programs for identified talent populations to further develop their skills and capabilities. We also maintain specialized partnership programs with local universities that support the attainment of bachelor s and/or master s degrees in technology-related fields. Our offerings include: Finance, Sales, Human Resources, Engineering, and Application Engineering leadership development rotational programs for early-career employees based in the Americas, India, or Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Specialized partnership programs with local universities in India for high-potential engineers to earn a post-secondary baccalaureate and/or graduate degrees. Programs for identified high-potential leaders at early-, mid-, senior-, and leadership-ready levels across multiple functions globally, focused on operational and strategic thinking, global project leadership, and exposure to executive leadership. Specialized training for employees based in our support hubs, located in the Philippines and Romania, focused on key business skills including customer service and finance fundamentals. Vertiv Operating System (VOS) training delivered globally through VOS Academy , offered virtually for salaried employees, with all hourly employees receiving training at global manufacturing sites. Safety We employ a global occupational health and safety management system designed to monitor, track, and improve processes and procedures to enhance employee safety. This system supports continual improvement in our safety programs and is implemented across our operations. We maintain a dedicated team of environmental, health and safety professionals throughout our facilities and service regions, and provide on-site medical services at many of our manufacturing locations. We believe a safe and healthy workplace is essential to our business and prioritize the health and safety of our global workforce, contractors, and visitors to our facilities. We are subject to a broad range of foreign and domestic environmental, health and safety laws, regulations, and requirements, and maintain policies, procedures, and controls intended to support compliance and risk management. We believe we have an effective employee health and safety strategy, supported by our safety performance relative to certain peers, including our total recordable injury rate of 0.35 and our lost time incident rate of 0.18 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025. Safety is one of Vertiv s core principles. In connection with our commitment to safety, we provide the tools, training, and other resources intended to reduce and control workplace risks and promote an injury-free workplace. Employee engagement is an important component of our continuous improvement efforts. For example, we continue our safety engagement campaign, We Lead with Safety, which reinforces our interdependent safety culture, and encourages employees to speak up regarding safety. One way we promote proactive engagement is through our Good Catch initiative, which encourages the reporting of safety observations, hazards, and opportunities for improvement. We encourage, value, and recognize employee input, and, through documented procedures, local management teams respond to reported items and implement corrective actions where appropriate. To promote excellence and continuous improvement, we continue to recognize manufacturing facilities and service organizations that demonstrate strong safety culture and performance through our safety award process. - 2026 Proxy Statement | 5 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION We are making this proxy statement available to our stockholders on or about April 24, 2026 in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors for the Annual Meeting, which will be held on June 17, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time), via live webcast at the following address www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 . The Annual Meeting will be completely virtual. You may attend the Annual Meeting and vote your shares electronically during the Annual Meeting via live webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 . You will need the 16-digit control number that is printed on your proxy card, voter instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, to enter the Annual Meeting. Vertiv recommends that you log in 15 minutes before the meeting to ensure you are logged in when the Annual Meeting starts. Please note that you will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. Below are answers to common questions stockholders may have about the Annual Meeting. Our fiscal year ends on December 31. We have one class of outstanding common stock, our Class A common stock, which has one vote per share. Shares of our common stock generally vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. What information is included in this proxy statement? The information in this proxy statement relates to the proposals to be voted on at the Annual Meeting, the voting process, our Board of Directors, Board Committees and corporate governance matters, the compensation of current directors and certain executive officers for the year ended December 31, 2025, and other information. What are the Proxy Materials? The Proxy Materials are this proxy statement and our annual report to stockholders, which includes our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (referred to herein as the Form 10-K ). Why did I receive a one-page notice in the mail regarding the Internet Availability of the Proxy Materials instead of a full set of the Proxy Materials? Pursuant to rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), instead of mailing a printed copy of our proxy materials to each stockholder of record, we have elected to furnish our Proxy Materials via the Internet. Accordingly, we are sending a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to our stockholders. All stockholders will have the ability to access the Proxy Materials on the website referred to in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or request to receive an electronic copy or printed set of the Proxy Materials. Instructions on how to access the Proxy Materials over the Internet or to request an electronic copy or printed copy may be found in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. In addition, stockholders may request to receive the Proxy Materials in printed form by mail or electronically by email on an ongoing basis. What items will be voted on at the Annual Meeting and how does the Board of Directors recommend that I vote? There are three proposals to be voted on at the Annual Meeting: 1. Election of Directors: elect eleven director nominees to our Board of Directors for a term of one year expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2027 and until such director s successor has been duly elected and qualified; 2. Say-on-Pay: approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in the accompanying proxy statement; and 3. Independent Auditor: ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR each nominee in proposal 1, and FOR each of proposals 2 and 3. Our bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our Annual Meeting, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders. We have not received any such proposals. We do not anticipate any other matters will come before the Annual Meeting. If any other matter comes before the Annual Meeting, the proxy holders appointed by our Board of Directors will have discretion to vote on those matters. Who may vote at the meeting? Holders of Class A common stock, together as a single class, as of the close of business on April 20, 2026, the Record Date, may vote at the Annual Meeting. 6 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents How many votes do I have? As of the Record Date, there were 384,108,816 shares of Class A common stock outstanding. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share of Class A common stock held as of the Record Date. What vote is required for each proposal? For proposal 1, the election of directors, each director must be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. This means that the eleven directors receiving the largest number of FOR votes will be elected as directors. Proposal 2, the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers, proposal 3, the ratification of the appointment of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026, and any other proposals that may properly come before the Annual Meeting must be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote thereon. How are abstentions and broker non-votes counted? Abstentions (shares present at the meeting in person or by proxy that are voted abstain ) and broker non-votes (explained below) are counted for the purpose of establishing the presence of a quorum but are not counted as votes cast in respect of proposals 1, 2 and 3 to be voted on at the Annual Meeting, and as a result, have no impact on those proposals. What constitutes a quorum ? The holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of Class A common stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, either in person or represented by proxy, constitute a quorum. What is the difference between a stockholder of record and a beneficial owner of shares held in street name? Stockholder of Record . If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you are a stockholder of record. Beneficial Owner of Shares Held in Street Name . If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer or other similar organization, then you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name. The organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct the organization holding your account on how to vote the shares you hold in your account. How do I vote? Vote by Internet. Visit www.proxyvote.com to vote via the Internet. Stockholders of record may submit proxies over the Internet by following the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or, if printed copies of the Proxy Materials were requested, the instructions on the printed proxy card. Most beneficial stockholders may vote by accessing the website specified on the voter instruction forms provided by their brokers, trustees, banks, or other nominees. Please check your voter instruction form for Internet voting availability. Vote by Telephone. Call toll-free 1-800-690-6903 in the United States or from foreign countries from any touch-tone telephone and follow the instructions. Stockholders of record may submit proxies using any touch-tone telephone from within the United States by following the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or, if printed copies of the Proxy Materials were requested, the instructions on the printed proxy card. Most beneficial owners may vote using any touch-tone telephone from within the United States by calling the number specified on the voter instruction forms provided by their brokers, trustees, banks or other nominees. Vote by Mail. Stockholders of record may submit proxies by mail by requesting printed proxy cards and completing, signing and dating the printed proxy cards and mailing them in the pre-addressed envelopes that will accompany the printed Proxy Materials. Beneficial owners may vote by completing, signing and dating the voter instruction forms provided and mailing them in the pre-addressed envelopes accompanying the voter instruction forms. If you are a stockholder of record and you return your signed proxy card but do not indicate your voting preferences, the persons named in the proxy card will vote the shares represented by that proxy as recommended by the Board of Directors. If you are a beneficial owner and you return your signed voter instruction form but do not indicate your voting preferences, please see How are abstentions and broker non-votes counted? regarding whether your broker, bank, or other holder of record may vote your uninstructed shares on each proposal. - 2026 Proxy Statement | 7 Table of Contents Vote at the Annual Meeting. All stockholders as of the close of business on the Record Date can vote at the Annual Meeting via the Annual Meeting website. There will not be a physical meeting location. Any stockholder as of the Record Date can attend the Annual Meeting webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 where such stockholders may vote during the Annual Meeting. The Annual Meeting starts at 11 a.m., Eastern Time. We encourage you to allow ample time for online check-in, which will open at 10:45 a.m., Eastern Time. You will need the 16-digit control number that is printed on your proxy card, voter instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, to enter the Annual Meeting. Instructions on who can attend and participate via the Internet, including how to demonstrate proof of stock ownership, are posted at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 . Can I change my vote after submitting a proxy? Stockholders of record may revoke their proxy at any time before it is exercised at the Annual Meeting by (i) delivering written notice, bearing a date later than the proxy, stating that the proxy is revoked to Vertiv Holdings Co, 505 N. Cleveland Avenue, Westerville, Ohio 43082, Attn: Secretary, (ii) submitting a later-dated proxy relating to the same shares by mail, telephone or the Internet prior to the vote at the Annual Meeting, or (iii) attending the Annual Meeting virtually and voting at the Annual Meeting via the Annual Meeting website. If you are a beneficial stockholder, you may revoke your proxy or change your vote only by following the separate instructions provided by your broker, trust, bank, or other nominee. If I hold shares in street name through a broker, can the broker vote my shares for me? If you hold your shares in street name and you do not instruct your broker on how to vote your shares, the broker or other organization holding your shares can vote on certain routine proposals but cannot vote on other proposals. Proposals 1 and 2 are not considered routine proposals. If you hold shares in street name and do not instruct your broker on how to vote on proposal 1 or 2, your shares will not be voted in respect of those proposals and will be counted as broker non-votes. Proposal 3 is a routine proposal, and your broker has discretion to vote those shares. Who is paying for this proxy solicitation? We have retained Georgeson LLC to solicit proxies, for which we will pay a fee of approximately $12,500.00 plus reasonable out-of- pocket expenses. Members of our Board of Directors and officers and employees may solicit proxies by mail, telephone, fax, email or in person. We will not pay directors, officers, or employees any extra amounts for soliciting proxies. We may, upon request, reimburse brokerage firms, banks or similar entities representing street name holders for their expenses in forwarding Proxy Materials to their customers who are street name holders and obtaining their voter instructions. How can I attend the Annual Meeting? You may attend the Annual Meeting virtually and vote your shares online during the Annual Meeting via live webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 . You will need the 16-digit control number that is printed on your proxy card, voter instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, to enter the Annual Meeting. If you are a beneficial owner and do not have your 16-digit control number, contact your banker, broker, or other nominee. Please note that you will not be able to physically attend the Annual Meeting in person, but may attend the Annual Meeting in person online. How can I ask questions at the Annual Meeting? We have designed the virtual Annual Meeting to provide substantially the same opportunities to participate as stockholders would have at an in-person meeting. Our virtual Annual Meeting will be conducted on the internet via live webcast. Stockholders will be able to attend and participate online and submit questions during the Annual Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 , as further described above. The virtual Annual Meeting format allows stockholders to communicate with Vertiv during the Annual Meeting so they can ask questions of Vertiv s management and Board of Directors, as appropriate. If you wish to submit a question during the Annual Meeting, you may do so by logging into the virtual meeting platform at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 , clicking the Q A button on your screen and typing your question into the provided text field. We reserve the right to exclude questions regarding topics that are not pertinent to meeting matters or company business or are inappropriate. If we receive substantially similar questions, we may group such questions together and provide a single response to avoid repetition. Any questions that are appropriate and pertinent to the Annual Meeting will be answered in the live Question and Answer session during the Annual Meeting, subject to time constraints. Any such questions that cannot be answered during the Annual Meeting due to time constraints will be posted and answered on our Investor Relations website, https://investors.vertiv.com , as soon as practicable after the Annual Meeting. 8 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Additional information regarding the ability of stockholders to ask questions during the Annual Meeting, related rules of conduct, and other materials for the Annual Meeting will be available during the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 . Who can I contact if I have technical difficulties accessing or participating in the Annual Meeting? If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual Annual Meeting during the check-in or meeting time, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the virtual meeting login page for assistance. Technical support will be available beginning approximately 15 minutes prior to the start of the Annual Meeting through its conclusion. Additional information regarding matters addressing technical and logistical issues, including technical support during the Annual Meeting, will be available at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VRT2026 . The virtual Annual Meeting platform is fully supported across browsers (Edge, Firefox, Chrome, and Safari) and devices (desktops, laptops, tablets, and cell phones) running the most updated version of applicable software and plugins. You should ensure that you have a strong internet connection if you intend to attend and/or participate in the Annual Meeting. Where can I find voting results? Final voting results from the Annual Meeting will be filed with the SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K on or before the fourth business day after the Annual Meeting concludes. I share an address with another stockholder. Why did we receive only one set of Proxy Materials? We may satisfy SEC rules regarding delivery of our Proxy Materials, including our proxy statement, or delivery of the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, by delivering a single copy of these documents to an address shared by two or more stockholders. This process is known as householding. We have delivered only one set of the Proxy Materials or one Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as applicable, to stockholders who share an address with another stockholder, unless contrary instructions were received prior to the mailing date. We undertake to promptly deliver, upon written or oral request, a separate copy of our proxy statement, our annual report including our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and/or our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as requested, to a stockholder at a shared address to which a single copy of these documents was delivered. To make such a request, please send the request to Vertiv Holdings Co, Attn: Investor Relations, 505 N. Cleveland Avenue, Westerville, Ohio 43082 or calling us at 614.841.6776. If your shares are held by a brokerage firm or bank and you prefer to receive separate copies of our proxy statement, our annual report including our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and/or our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, either now or in the future, please contact your brokerage firm or bank. If your brokerage firm or bank is unable or unwilling to assist you, please contact our Investor Relations department at our executive office by calling 614.841.6776. Stockholders sharing an address who are receiving multiple copies of the Proxy Materials and/or our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials may request to receive a single copy of the Proxy Materials and/or our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, either now or in the future, by contacting our Investor Relations department at our executive office by calling 614.841.6776. Whom should I contact if I have additional questions? You can contact our Investor Relations department at our executive office at 614.841.6776. Stockholders who hold their shares in street name should contact the organization that holds their shares for additional information on how to vote. We make available, free of charge on our website, all of our filings that are made electronically with the SEC, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K. These filings are available on the Investor Relations page of our corporate website at https://investors.vertiv.com . Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, including financial statements and schedules and amendments thereto filed with the SEC, are also available without charge to stockholders upon written request addressed to: Vertiv Holdings Co Attn: Investor Relations 505 N. Cleveland Avenue Westerville, Ohio 43082 - 2026 Proxy Statement | 9 Table of Contents Proposal 1: Election of Directors At the Annual Meeting, stockholders will vote to elect the eleven director nominees named in this proxy statement as directors. Each of the directors elected at the Annual Meeting will hold office until the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until his/her successor has been duly elected and qualified. Our Board of Directors has nominated each of David M. Cote, Giordano Albertazzi, Jacob Kotzubei, Matthew Louie, Roger Fradin, Steven S. Reinemund, Joseph van Dokkum, Edward L. Monser, Joseph J. DeAngelo, Jakki L. Haussler and Krishna Mikkilineni to serve as directors for terms expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until each of their successors has been duly elected and qualified. The persons named as proxies will vote to elect each of David M. Cote, Giordano Albertazzi, Jacob Kotzubei, Matthew Louie, Roger Fradin, Steven S. Reinemund, Joseph van Dokkum, Edward L. Monser, Joseph J. DeAngelo, Jakki L. Haussler and Krishna Mikkilineni unless a stockholder indicates that his or her shares should be withheld with respect to one or more of such nominees. In the event that any nominee for director becomes unavailable or declines to serve as a director at the time of the Annual Meeting, the persons named as proxies will vote the proxies in their discretion for any nominee who is designated by the current Board of Directors to fill the vacancy, or will otherwise disregard any proxies if there are no such alternative nominees. All the nominees (except for Krishna Mikkilineni) are currently serving as directors and we do not expect that the nominees will be unavailable or will decline to serve. Information about each of the director nominees is set forth below. Our Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR each of the nominees for our Board of Directors in this proposal 1. Nominees for Election The following sets forth certain information about our directors as of the date of this proxy statement. Directors DAVID M. COTE Age: 73 Director Since: 2020 Director and Executive Chairman of the Board Background: Mr. Cote has served as our Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors since February 7, 2020. From April 2018 until the Business Combination (defined below), Mr. Cote served as Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of GSAH (defined below). Mr. Cote served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Honeywell from July 2002 to March 2017. Most recently, Mr. Cote was Executive Chairman of the Board at Honeywell until April 23, 2018. He joined Honeywell as President and Chief Executive Officer in February 2002. Prior to joining Honeywell, he served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of TRW Inc., a provider of products and services for the aerospace, information systems and automotive markets, from August 2001 to February 2002. From February 2001 to July 2001, he served as TRW s President and Chief Executive Officer and from November 1999 to January 2001 he served as its President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Cote was Senior Vice President of General Electric Company and President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Appliances from June 1996 to November 1999. Mr. Cote was a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from March 2014 to March 2018, as well as a director of Juniper Industrial Holdings, Inc. from March 2020 until its merger with Janus International Group Inc. in June 2021. Mr. Cote currently serves as the executive chairman of the board of directors of GPGI, Inc. (NYSE: GPGI) (formerly CompoSecure, Inc.) since September 2024 and Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. (NYSE: RHLD) since February 2025. Qualifications: Mr. Cote was selected to serve on our Board due to his significant leadership experience and his extensive management and investment experience, including in the industrial sector. 10 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents GIORDANO ALBERTAZZI Age: 60 Director Since: 2023 Director and Chief Executive Officer Background: Mr. Albertazzi has served as our Chief Executive Officer and as one of our directors since January 1, 2023. Previously, he served as our Chief Operating Officer from October 2022 until January 2023, President, Americas from March 2022 until July 2023 and as President of Europe, Middle East and Africa from February 2020 until March 2022. From 2016 until the Business Combination in February 2020, Mr. Albertazzi served as the President of Vertiv in Europe, Middle East and Africa and was responsible for Vertiv s operations and business development within the region. Mr. Albertazzi began his career at Kone Elevators, where he progressed through operations and product development leadership. Mr. Albertazzi joined Emerson Network Power, a group of Emerson Electric (NYSE: EMR) in 1998 and held positions with increasing responsibility, including Plant Manager from 1999 to 2001, EMEA Marketing and Product Management Director from 2002 to 2004, and Managing Director for the Italian market unit from 2004 to 2006. In 2006, Mr. Albertazzi was promoted to Vice President Services for the Liebert Europe business. In 2011, Mr. Albertazzi was appointed Vice President Services for the broader Europe, Middle East and Africa region until he was promoted in 2014 to Vice President Sales. Mr. Albertazzi serves on the board of trustees of the Columbus Symphony Orchestra, Inc. since December 2024. Mr. Albertazzi holds a bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering from the Polytechnic University of Milan and master s degree in management from Stanford Graduate School of Business. Qualifications: Mr. Albertazzi was selected to serve on our Board due to his extensive knowledge of the data center industry and his more than 25 years of employment in a wide range of leadership, sales and operations roles and responsibilities with Vertiv. JOSEPH J. DEANGELO Age: 64 Director Since: 2022 Director Background: Mr. DeAngelo has served as one of our directors since October 3, 2022. Mr. DeAngelo served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of HD Supply Holdings, Inc., one of the largest industrial distributors in North America, beginning March 2015, President and Chief Executive Officer beginning January 2005, and was a member of HDS s board beginning August 2007, serving in each position until the closing of the acquisition of HDS by The Home Depot (NYSE: HD) during 2020. Mr. DeAngelo served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of The Home Depot during 2007. From 2005 to 2006, he served as Executive Vice President of HD Supply. In 2005, Mr. DeAngelo served as Senior Vice President, Home Depot Supply, Pro Business and Tool Rental, and from 2004 through 2005, he served as Senior Vice President, Pro Business and Tool Rental. Mr. DeAngelo previously served as Executive Vice President of The Stanley Works, a tool manufacturing company, from 2003 through 2004. From 1986 until 2003, Mr. DeAngelo held various positions with General Electric ( GE ). His final position with GE was President and Chief Executive Officer of General Electric TIP/Modular Space, a division of General Electric Capital. Mr. DeAngelo holds a bachelor s degree in accounting and economics from the State University of New York at Albany. Mr. DeAngelo serves as a director of GPGI, Inc. (NYSE: GPGI) (formerly CompoSecure, Inc.) since September 2024, where he is the chair of the audit committee and serves on the nominating and corporate governance committee, and as a director of Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. (NYSE: RHLD) since February 2025, where he is the chair of the audit committee and serves on the nominating and governance committee. Further, Mr. DeAngelo serves as a director of Combat Marine Outdoors, Inc. (CMO) since 2016 and the STAR Network since December 2024. Mr. DeAngelo served on the board of directors of Owens-Illinois, Inc. from May 2016-July 2017, on the board of trustees of the Shepherd Center Foundation 2016 2020, and CEO Advisory Council of the Cristo Rey Atlanta Jesuit High School 2016 2020. Qualifications: Mr. DeAngelo was selected to serve on our Board due to his extensive leadership and management experience and industry knowledge. - 2026 Proxy Statement | 11 Table of Contents JOSEPH VAN DOKKUM Age: 72 Director Since: 2020 Director Background: Mr. van Dokkum has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. Mr. van Dokkum is senior advisor and co-founder of Imperative Science Ventures, a venture capital firm focused on science breakthroughs since 2019. From 2009 to 2019, he was an Operating Partner with Kleiner Perkins in Menlo Park, CA, where he worked closely with his investment partners and the leadership of their start-up and growth portfolio companies to accelerate commercialization and scale the businesses. Prior to 2009, Mr. van Dokkum served for seven years as President of UTC Power, a division of Raytheon Technologies Corporation (NYSE: RTX) (formerly, United Technologies Corporation), where he was instrumental in organically growing UTC Power s power generation products and service offerings, including fuel cells, renewable power solutions and combined cooling, heating and power applications for the commercial building markets. Prior to his tenure with UTC Power, Mr. van Dokkum was with Siemens (OTC: SIEGY) for 17 years. For the last six of those years, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Siemens Power Transmission Distribution, Inc. during which time he augmented the company s traditional power equipment, such as switchgear, power breakers, transformers and regulators, with intelligent systems and controls. This effort returned profitability to the business and enabled the expansion of the product portfolio through numerous acquisitions. Mr. van Dokkum has served on the boards of Ndustrial since 2017, where he is a member of the finance committee and Imperative Ventures since 2019, and served as a director on the boards of Solidia Technologies from 2011 until his retirement in December 2021 and Ionic Materials, Inc. from 2013 through 2024. He earned his bachelor s and master s degrees in electrical engineering from the Institute of Technology, Albertus Magnus. Qualifications: Mr. van Dokkum was selected to serve on our Board due to his extensive leadership experience and industry knowledge. ROGER FRADIN Age: 72 Director Since: 2020 Director Background: Mr. Fradin has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. From June 2018 until the Business Combination, Mr. Fradin served as one of GSAH s directors. Mr. Fradin joined Honeywell in 2000 when Honeywell acquired Pittway Corporation. Mr. Fradin served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Honeywell s Automation and Control Solutions business from January 2004 to April 2014. Mr. Fradin served as Vice Chairman of Honeywell from April 2014 until his retirement in February 2017. Mr. Fradin is also a consultant for The Carlyle Group and an advisor to Seal Rock Partners. Mr. Fradin received his M.B.A. and B.S. degrees from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, where he has also served as a member of the faculty. Mr. Fradin has served as the chairman of Victory Innovation, a Carlyle Group company, and a director of L3Harris Technologies Inc. (NYSE: LHX) since 2016, Janus International Group Inc (NYSE: JBI) since 2021, where he has served as Vice Chairman from July 2023 until his appointment to Chairman of the Board of Directors in January 2024, and Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. (NYSE: RHLD) since February 2025, where he is the chair of the compensation committee and serves on the audit committee. Mr. Fradin was formerly a director of CompoSecure, Inc. (now GPGI, Inc.) (NYSE: GPGI) from September 2024 to February 2025, Resideo Technologies Inc. (NYSE: REZI) from 2018 to 2024, MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc. (Nasdaq: MSM) from 1998 to 2019, Pitney Bowes Inc. (NYSE: PBI) from 2019 2021, and Juniper II Corporation (NYSE: JUN) from 2021 2022. Qualifications: Mr. Fradin was selected to serve on our Board due to his deep industrial expertise, specifically in the automation and control solutions sectors, as well as for his experience overseeing acquisitions. 12 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents JAKKI L. HAUSSLER Age: 68 Director Since: 2022 Director Background: Ms. Haussler has served as one of our directors since August 8, 2022. Since June 2019, Ms. Haussler has served as the Non-Executive Chairman of Opus Capital Management LLC, an investment advisory firm that she co-founded in 1996. Prior to serving as the Non-Executive Chairman, Ms. Haussler was the Chief Executive Officer of Opus Capital Management LLC from 1996 until 2019. Ms. Haussler serves on the board of directors of Service Corporation International (NYSE: SCI) since May 2018, where she serves on the audit committee and as the chair of the investment committee, and Ingram Micro Holding Corporation (NYSE: INGM) since October 2024, where she serves on the nominating and corporate governance committee. Further, Ms. Haussler serves as a director and a trustee of the Morgan Stanley funds, where she serves as the chair of the audit committee and a member of the equity committee. Ms. Haussler is a former director of Barnes Group Inc. serving from July 2021 until its acquisition by Apollo Global Management in January 2025, where she served on the compensation and management development committee, and Cincinnati Bell Inc., serving from 2008 until its acquisition by Macquarie Infrastructure Partners Inc. in 2021, where she served as chair of the audit and governance committees. She has an extensive financial background, having served in a variety of leadership positions in the investment community, including as managing director of Capvest Venture Fund LP from 2000 to 2011, and partner at both Adena Ventures LP from 1999 to 2010 and Blue Chip Venture Company from 1993 to 1995. Ms. Haussler, a former certified public accountant, holds a bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Cincinnati and a juris doctor from Salmon P. Chase College of Law at Northern Kentucky University. Qualifications: Ms. Haussler was selected to serve on the board due to her extensive experience in management and accounting along with her financial expertise. JACOB KOTZUBEI Age: 57 Director Since: 2020 Director Background: Mr. Kotzubei has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. Mr. Kotzubei joined Platinum Equity, a private equity firm, in 2002 and is Co-President of the firm. Mr. Kotzubei serves as a director or manager of a number of Platinum Equity s portfolio companies. Prior to joining Platinum Equity in 2002, Mr. Kotzubei worked for 4.5 years for Goldman Sachs Investment Banking Division in New York City. Previously, he was an attorney at Sullivan Cromwell LLP in New York City, specializing in mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Kotzubei serves on the board of directors of Ryerson Holding Corporation (NYSE: RYI) since 2010, Ingram Micro Holding Corporation (NYSE: INGM) since October 2024, where he serves as the chair of the compensation committee, and McGraw Hill, Inc. (NYSE: MH) since July 2025, where he serves on the compensation committee. Mr. Kotzubei is a former director of Key Energy Services, Inc. (NYSE: KEG) (2016 to February 2022) and Verra Mobility Corporation (NASDAQ: VRRM) (2018 to 2021). Mr. Kotzubei received a bachelor s degree from Wesleyan University and holds a juris doctor from Columbia University School of Law, where he was elected a member of the Columbia Law Review. Qualifications: Mr. Kotzubei was selected to serve on our Board due to his experience in executive management oversight, private equity, capital markets, mergers and acquisitions and other transactional matters. - 2026 Proxy Statement | 13 Table of Contents MATTHEW LOUIE Age: 48 Director Since: 2020 Director Background: Mr. Louie has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. Mr. Louie joined Platinum Equity in 2008 and is a Managing Director at the firm. Mr. Louie serves as a director or manager of a number of Platinum Equity s portfolio companies. Prior to joining Platinum Equity in 2008, Mr. Louie was an investment professional at American Capital Strategies, a middle market-focused private equity firm. Prior to American Capital, Mr. Louie worked in venture capital and growth equity at both Canaan Partners and Agilent Technologies, and in investment banking at Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette. Mr. Louie currently serves on the board of directors of Ingram Micro Holding Corporation (NYSE: INGM) since October 2024, where he serves as the chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee and McGraw Hill, Inc. (NYSE: MH) since July 2025, where he serves as the chair of both the nominating and corporate governance committee and the compensation committee. Mr. Louie holds undergraduate degrees in both economics as well as political science from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Qualifications: Mr. Louie was selected to serve on our Board due to his experience related to private equity, capital markets, transactional matters and post-acquisition oversight of operational performance at portfolio companies. KRISHNA MIKKILINENI Age: 66 Director Nominee Background: Dr. Mikkilineni currently serves as General Partner of StartupXseed, a deep-tech venture fund, and as Co-Founder of The GAIN, a startup accelerator, roles he has held since 2019 and in which he has been instrumental in funding and growing 30 technology-driven startup companies. Prior to May 2019, Dr. Mikkilineni served in various roles of increasing seniority at Honeywell International, Inc. for over 33 years, including as global Chief Technology Officer, a role he held for nine years, as global Integrated Supply Chain Operations Officer, a role he held for six years, and as global Chief Information Officer, a role he held for six years. Dr. Mikkilineni currently serves on the board of directors of GPGI, Inc. (NYSE: GPGI) (formerly CompoSecure, Inc.) since September 2024, where he serves as a member of the nomination governance committee and the audit committee, and Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. (NYSE: RHLD) since February 2025, where he serves as a member of the compensation committee. Dr. Mikkilineni received his Ph.D. in electrical and computer engineering from the University of Florida. Qualifications: Dr. Mikkilineni was nominated to serve on our Board due to his extensive leadership and investing experience, technological expertise, as well as his experience growing and expanding new businesses. 14 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents EDWARD L. MONSER Age: 75 Director Since: 2020 Director Background: Mr. Monser has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. Mr. Monser formerly served on the board of directors for Air Products Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE: APD) from 2013 until his retirement in January 2025, where he was the Lead Director and a member of the Governance and the Management Development and Compensation Committees, and formerly served as a director and member of the Audit and Compensation Committees for Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSX: CP) (NYSE: CP), serving on the board from 2018 until his retirement in April 2022. From 2010 to 2018, Mr. Monser served as President of Emerson (NYSE: EMR), where he had more than 30 years of experience in senior operational positions and played a key role in its globalization. From 2001 to 2015, he was a member of Emerson s Office of the Chief Executive and served as its Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Monser is active in promoting international understanding and trade and is Vice Chairman of the U.S.-India Strategic Partnership Forum. He has served on the advisory Economic Development Board for China s Guangdong Province, the board of advisors for South Ural State University in Chelyabinsk, Russia and the board of the U.S.-China Business Council, where he was also Vice Chairman. Mr. Monser received a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from Illinois Institute of Technology in 1980 and has a bachelor s degree in education from Eastern Michigan University. He is an alumnus of the executive education program at the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Qualifications: Mr. Monser was selected to serve on our Board due to his extensive experience in key management positions, including at Emerson when Vertiv was part of that company. STEVEN S. REINEMUND Age: 78 Director Since: 2020 Director Background: Mr. Reinemund has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. From June 2018 until the Business Combination, Mr. Reinemund served as one of GSAH s directors. Mr. Reinemund served as Dean of Business at Wake Forest University from July 2008 to June 2014, an organization he joined after a 23-year career with PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ: PEP) ( PepsiCo ). At PepsiCo, Mr. Reinemund served as Executive Chairman from October 2006 to May 2007, and as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from May 2001 to October 2006. Prior to being Chief Executive Officer, he was PepsiCo, Inc. s President and Chief Operating Officer from September 1999 to May 2001. Mr. Reinemund began his career with PepsiCo, Inc. in 1984 at Pizza Hut, Inc. and held other positions until he became President and Chief Executive Officer of Frito-Lay s North American snack division in 1992. He became Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Frito-Lay s worldwide operations in 1996. Mr. Reinemund was a director of Johnson Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) from 2003 to 2008, American Express Company (NYSE: AXP) from 2007 to 2015, Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM), where he served as presiding director, from 2007 to 2020, Marriott International, Inc. (Nasdaq: MAR), where he served as chair of the compensation committee, from 2007 to 2020, Chick-fil-A from 2015 to 2021, GS Acquisition Holdings Corp. II from 2020 until its merger with Mirion Technologies in October 2021, and Kohana Coffee Holdings, where he served as chairman, from 2021 to 2022. Further, Mr. Reinemund previously served as a director and chair of the compensation committee of Walmart Inc. (NYSE: WMT) from 2010 to 2022, and a director and chair of the audit committee of Catalyst Partners Acquisition Corp (NASDAQ: CPARU) from 2021 to 2023. Mr. Reinemund currently serves on the board of directors of McGraw Hill, Inc. (NYSE: MH) since July 2025, where he serves on the audit committee and the compensation committee, and on the board of directors at USNA Foundation. A graduate of the United States Naval Academy in 1970, Mr. Reinemund served five years as an officer in the United States Marine Corps, achieving the rank of Captain. He received an MBA from the University of Virginia and has been awarded honorary doctorate degrees by Johnson and Wales University and Bryant University. Qualifications: Mr. Reinemund was selected to serve on our Board due to his considerable business leadership roles, mergers and acquisitions experience and his relevant board expertise. - 2026 Proxy Statement | 15 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Composition Following the Annual Meeting, our Board of Directors will consist of eleven directors. In accordance with our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the number of directors on our Board of Directors will be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. Each director is to be elected annually and to hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Vacancies and newly created directorships on the Board of Directors may be filled at any time by the remaining directors. Director Independence The rules of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s Board of Directors has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company) that would be inconsistent with a determination that the director is independent in accordance with independence requirements under our Corporate Governance Guidelines and as implemented by NYSE. Our Board has determined that nine of our director nominees, being each of Joseph J. DeAngelo, Joseph van Dokkum, Roger Fradin, Jakki L. Haussler, Jacob Kotzubei, Matthew Louie, Krishna Mikkilineni, Edward L. Monser and Steven S. Reinemund, are independent under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. Board of Directors Leadership Structure The Board recognizes that one of its key responsibilities is to evaluate and determine its optimal leadership structure to ensure oversight of management and a high-functioning, engaged Board. When evaluating the structure, the Board may take into consideration a variety of criteria, such as, but not limited to, strategic priorities, skillsets of the independent directors, current market environment, the strengths and talents of Vertiv s management team, and stockholder feedback. Thus, instead of taking a one-size-fits all approach to Board leadership, the Board selects the structure that it believes will provide the most effective leadership and oversight for the Company, taking into consideration the Company s needs and circumstances at any given time. We do not have a policy on whether or not the role of chairman and CEO should be separate or combined and, if it is to be separate, whether the chairman should be selected from the non-employee directors or be an executive officer. This approach provides the Board with flexibility to determine whether the two roles should be separate or combined based upon the Company s needs in light of the dynamic environment in which we operate and the Board s assessment of the Company s leadership needs at such time. Currently, we separate the roles of chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO. Mr. Cote serves as the Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors. This structure enables the Board of Directors to effectively exercise its role in oversight of our management team while allowing our CEO to focus on the management of the day-to-day operational execution of our business. Mr. Cote s role as Executive Chairman includes acting as the primary liaison between senior management and the independent directors, and providing strategic leadership, advice and counsel based on his experience and expertise to our executive officers. In his support of the management team in their decision-making processes and implementation of strategy, management and the Executive Chairman may communicate daily, and Mr. Cote attends regular meetings with management. With input from the other board members, committee chairs, and senior management, Mr. Cote develops the agenda for board meetings, sets board meeting schedules, and presides over meetings of the Board of Directors. As Vertiv s Executive Chairman and board member since the Business Combination, Mr. Cote combines a detailed and in-depth knowledge of Vertiv s day-to-day operations with an ability to identify strategic priorities essential to Vertiv s future success, which enables him to effectively advise our management team on key strategies and the execution and implementation processes necessary to achieve Vertiv s strategic plans. Mr. Cote leads the executive sessions of the independent directors focused on an agenda developed by Committee Chairs to address the most critical issues of Vertiv. In this role, he helps assure that such sessions remain effective forums for promoting open and candid discussion among the independent directors regarding issues of importance to Vertiv, including evaluating the performance and effectiveness of members of our management team. 16 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight It is the duty of our Board of Directors to serve as a prudent fiduciary for stockholders and to oversee the management of our Company. The specific risk areas of focus for the Board of Directors and each of its Committees are summarized below. Board/Committee Primary Areas of Risk Oversight Board of Directors Our Board of Directors engages in the oversight of risk in various ways. Oversees the Company s strategic risks, including those associated with operations, supply chain and economic conditions such as inflation. Sets goals and standards for our employees, officers, and directors. Reviews the structure and operation of our various departments and functions. In these reviews, our Board of Directors discusses with management material risks affecting those departments and functions and management s approach to mitigating those risks. Reviews and approves management s operating plans and any risks that could affect the results of those operating plans. In collaboration with the Audit Committee, oversees the Company s cybersecurity initiatives, product security, enterprise resource planning and SOX compliance, and internal controls. In its review of Annual Reports on Form 10-K (including any amendments thereto), our Board of Directors reviews our business and related risks, including as described in the Business , Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of the reports. When our Board of Directors reviews particular transactions and initiatives that require its approval, or that otherwise merit its involvement, it generally includes related analysis and risk mitigation plans among the matters addressed with senior management. The day-to-day identification and management of risk is the responsibility of our management. As the market environment, industry practices, regulatory requirements and our business evolve, we expect that senior management and our Board of Directors will respond with appropriate risk mitigation strategies and oversight. Audit Committee Our Audit Committee engages in the oversight of risk in various ways. Discusses with management the major financial, legal, compliance and other significant risks faced by the Company Discusses guidelines and policies governing the process by which our senior management assesses and manages the Company s exposure to risk. Works directly with members of senior management, our independent auditors and, if appropriate, our internal audit team to review and assess (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors. Assists the Board s oversight of, among other things, data and cybersecurity policies, procedures and activities, product security initiatives, responsible business activities, compliance with laws and regulatory requirements including SOX, internal controls, and enterprise resource planning. Reviews our business and related risks quarterly in connection with the preparation of Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K. Compensation Committee Our Compensation Committee engages in the oversight of risk in various ways. Oversees the management of risks relating to our executive compensation programs and employee benefit plans. Reviews at least annually our executive compensation programs, meets regularly with management to understand the financial, human resources and stockholder implications of compensation decisions, and reports, as appropriate, to our Board of Directors. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee engages in the oversight of risk in various ways. Oversees the management of risks relating to our director selection process and board and committee composition. Oversees the management of risks relating to our corporate governance principles and governance structure. - 2026 Proxy Statement | 17 Table of Contents Attendance at Board of Directors and Committee Meetings and Annual Meeting During the year ended December 31, 2025: the Board of Directors held four meetings; the Audit Committee held eight meetings; the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held four meetings; and the Compensation Committee held three meetings. In the year ended December 31, 2025, all members of our Board of Directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of: (i) the total number of meetings of the Board of Directors (held during the period for which he or she has been a director) and (ii) the number of meetings held by all Committees of the Board of Directors (during the periods that he or she served on such Committees). According to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our directors are expected to make reasonable best efforts to attend the Annual Meeting, meetings of the Board of Directors and meetings of Committees on which they serve. Ten of our directors in office at the time of our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders attended the meeting. Directors are expected to review meeting materials prior to Board of Directors and Committee meetings and management will make appropriate personnel available to answer any questions a director may have about any aspect of the Company s business. Board Committees Our Board has three standing Committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, each of which is composed solely of independent directors. Each Committee operates under a charter that was approved by our Board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each Committee is available on the investors page of our website at https://investors.vertiv.com/corporate-governance/documents/default.aspx . Audit Committee The members of our Audit Committee are Steven S. Reinemund, Jakki L. Haussler, Matthew Louie, and Edward L. Monser. Mr. Reinemund serves as the Chairman of the Audit Committee. Our Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee meets the independence and other requirements of the NYSE and the SEC to serve on the Audit Committee. Each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate and our Board has determined that Mr. Reinemund qualifies as an Audit Committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has the requisite accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an Audit Committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the Audit Committee, including, among other things: assisting Board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; preparing any report required to be prepared by the Committee pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission; the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of any registered public accounting firm engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attest services of the Company; pre-approving the independent auditors annual engagement letter, including the proposed fees contained therein, as well as all audit and all permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us; reviewing the performance of the independent auditors, including the lead partner of the independent auditors, and making decisions regarding the replacement or termination of the independent auditors when circumstances warrant; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures; (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the independent auditors, or by any inquiry or investigation by any governmental or professional authority, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the independent auditors, and any steps taken to deal with such issues; and (3) all relationships between the independent auditors and the Company (including a description of each category of services provided by the independent auditors to the Company and a list of the fees billed for each such category); 18 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents evaluating the independence of the independent auditors; meeting to review and discuss with the independent auditors their annual audit plan, including the timing and scope of audit activities, and monitoring such plan s progress and results during the year; reviewing with management and the independent auditors the following information which is required to be reported by the independent auditor: (1) all critical accounting policies and practices to be used; (2) all alternative treatments of financial information that have been discussed by the independent auditors and management, ramifications of the use of such alternative disclosures and treatments, and the treatment preferred by the independent auditors; (3) all other material written communications between the independent auditors and management, such as any management letter and any schedule of unadjusted differences; and (4) any of our material financial arrangements which do not appear on our financial statements; reviewing with management, the independent auditors and, if appropriate, our director of internal auditing, (1) our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements; (2) major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statements presentations, including any significant changes in our selection or application of accounting principles; (3) any analyses prepared by management and/or the independent auditors setting forth significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of the financial statements, including analyses of the effects of alternative generally accepted accounting principles methods on our financial statements; (4) the Audit Committee s level of involvement and interaction with our internal audit function, including the Audit Committee s line of authority and role in appointing and compensating employees in the internal audit function; (5) the effect of regulatory and accounting initiatives, as well as off-balance sheet structures, on our financial statements; and (6) reviewing the type and presentation of information to be included in any earnings, or financial press releases as well as review of any financial information and earnings guidance provided to analysts or rating agencies. resolving all disagreements between the independent auditors and management regarding financial reporting; reviewing with management the Company s administrative, operational and accounting internal controls, including any special audit steps adopted in light of the discovery of material control deficiencies; establishing and maintaining free and open means of communication between and among the Audit Committee, the independent auditors and management, including providing such parties with appropriate opportunities to meet separately and privately with the Audit Committee on a periodic basis; pre-approving the hiring and termination of the key leaders in our financial organization, meaning the Chief Financial Officer and internal audit manager; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; reviewing our programs to monitor compliance with our Code of Conduct and addressing any ethical complaints against our directors and officers, including establishing procedures to anonymously receive complaints; reviewing on an annual basis, a report on expenses incurred by our officers in connection with activities conducted on our behalf, including use of private air travel by any director, officer, or employee; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation Committee The members of our Compensation Committee are Roger Fradin, Joseph J. DeAngelo, Joseph van Dokkum and Steven S. Reinemund. Mr. Fradin serves as the chairman of the Compensation Committee. Our Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee meets the independence and other requirements of the NYSE and the SEC to serve on the Compensation Committee. We have adopted a Compensation Committee charter, which details the purposes and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee, including, among other things: reviewing at least annually our executive compensation plans and the goals and objectives of such plans, and, if the Compensation Committee deems it appropriate, adopting or amending executive compensation plans; evaluating annually the performance of the CEO in light of our goals and objectives, including the goals and objectives of any executive compensation plans, and determining and approving, and recommending to the Board for approval, the CEO s compensation level based on this evaluation; evaluating annually the performance of our other executive officers in light of the goals and objectives of any of our executive compensation plans, and either as a Compensation Committee or together with the other independent directors, determining and approving the compensation of such other executive officers; considering the results of the most recent shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation, and, to the extent that the Compensation Committee deems it appropriate to do so, taking such results into consideration in connection with the review and approval of executive officer compensation; - 2026 Proxy Statement | 19 Table of Contents reviewing and approving any employment agreements, severance or termination arrangements and any other compensatory contracts or arrangements to be made with any of our executive officers; reviewing our incentive-compensation and equity-based compensation plans, approving and amending the plans if deemed appropriate, and reviewing the goals and objectives of the plans; reviewing compensation arrangements for our employees to evaluate whether incentive and other forms of pay encourage unnecessary or excessive risk taking, and reviewing and discussing, at least annually, the relationship between risk management policies and practices, corporate strategy and our compensation arrangements; reviewing and discussing with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required in the proxy statement or annual report, as well as preparing a report to be included in our annual proxy statement or annual report; and evaluating annually the appropriate level of compensation for non-employee directors. The charter also provides that the Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such consultant, counsel or adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the Compensation Committee will consider the independence of each such consultant, counsel, or adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The members of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Joseph van Dokkum, Joseph J. DeAngelo, Roger Fradin, Matthew Louie, and Edward L. Monser. Mr. van Dokkum serves as the chairman of the Nominating Committee. Our Board has determined that each member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meets the independence and other requirements of the NYSE and the SEC to serve on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. We have adopted a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter, which details the purposes and responsibilities of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, including, among other things: identifying, recruiting and, if appropriate, interviewing candidates to fill positions on the Board of Directors and, if appropriate, establishing procedures to be followed by stockholders in submitting recommendations for Board of Directors candidates; reviewing on an annual basis the Board and Board Committee composition and recommending, if necessary, measures to be taken so that the Board, and the respective committees, reflect the appropriate balance of knowledge, experience, skills, expertise, and diversity required for the Board as a whole, and the applicable committee, and otherwise satisfies independence and other requirements of the NYSE; developing and recommending to our Board of Directors a set of corporate governance guidelines and any other applicable codes of ethics or conduct, consistent with the requirements of any applicable laws, regulations and listing standards; overseeing the annual evaluation of our Board of Directors, and evaluating and reporting to the Board of Directors on the performance and effectiveness of the Board of Directors; and reviewing on an annual basis the corporate governance principles adopted by the Board of Directors and recommending any desirable changes to the Board of Directors. The charter also provides that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and is directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our Board of Directors considers: experience, skills, expertise, diversity, personal and professional integrity, character, business judgment, time availability in light of other commitments, dedication, conflicts of interest, applicable listing standards and such other relevant factors that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers appropriate in the context of the needs of the Board of Directors. Policy Regarding Director Nominations Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee utilizes a broad approach for identification of director nominees and may seek recommendations from our stockholders and/or engage a search firm. In evaluating and determining whether to ultimately recommend a person as a candidate for election as a director, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates all factors that it deems appropriate, including the number of current directors, as well as the qualifications set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, including experience, skills, expertise, diversity, personal and professional integrity, character, business judgment, time availability in light of other commitments, dedication, conflicts of interest and such other relevant factors that it considers appropriate in the context of the needs of the Board of Directors. In its discretion, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will also consider recommendations of qualified nominees by stockholders by evaluating the same factors as described above. 20 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents In addition to the process described above, our bylaws permit stockholders to nominate directors for election at an annual meeting of stockholders. To nominate a director, the stockholder must meet certain deadlines established by our bylaws and provide certain information required by our bylaws. For a description of the process for nominating directors in accordance with our bylaws, see Additional Information in this proxy statement. Communication with the Board of Directors Any stockholder or other interested parties who would like to communicate with our Board of Directors, the independent directors as a group or any specific member or members of our Board of Directors should send such communications to the attention of our Corporate Secretary, at Vertiv Holdings Co, 505 N. Cleveland Avenue, Westerville, Ohio 43082. Communications should contain instructions on which member or members of the Board of Directors the communication is intended for, if applicable. In general, such communication will be forwarded to the intended recipients. However, the Corporate Secretary may, in her discretion, decline to forward any communications that are abusive, threatening or otherwise inappropriate. Code of Conduct We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers, and other employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Conduct is available on the investor page of our website, https://investors.vertiv.com/corporate-governance/documents/default.aspx . We intend to make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Conduct on our website. Director Compensation Director Compensation Policy The following table shows the cash compensation structure for non-employee directors for 2025. Cash Retainer Chairman of the Board $ Committee Chair Audit $ 150,000 Committee Chair Compensation $ 130,000 Committee Chair Nominating and Corporate Governance $ 115,000 Other Board Member $ 100,000 In addition, each non-employee director received an annual equity grant consisting of stock options with four-year annual ratable vesting. Consistent with its executive compensation philosophy, the Board believed that stock option awards served as an appropriate long-term incentive because our directors would only realize value if the stock price increased, aligning their long-term interests with those of our public stockholders. Stock options have an exercise price equal to the closing price of our stock on the grant date. As a result, the Compensation Committee believes that stock options are an important and effective part of director compensation because the value of the awards to our directors is directly tied to and predicated on increases in our stock price after the grant date, for which our stockholders benefit. In order for the directors to realize any value in the stock options, the stock price must exceed the grant date price subsequent to vesting of the options. In addition, the four-year vesting schedule encourages a focus on the long-term, sustainable performance of our company for the benefit of our shareholders. In determining the amount of options to grant in 2025, the Board and Compensation Committee considered the amount that would be appropriate considering the four-year vesting period, rather than targeting a specific accounting value, and so for the directors other than our Executive Chairman, granted a set number of options, the same number of options granted during the prior year. Due to the increase in our stock price, this resulted in a higher grant date value determined for accounting purposes for options than in the prior year. This grant date value reflected in the table below does not necessarily reflect the value that will actually be realized, since stock options only have value if our share price remains above the exercise price through at least the vesting period. Our directors were also permitted to receive an additional equity award in lieu of the cash retainer fee, as reflected in the table below. We believe that our director compensation levels are necessary and appropriate in order to attract and retain outstanding talent who possess the proper skillsets to drive Vertiv s short- and long-term strategies to create long term value for our stockholders. Our Committee Chairs receive higher levels of cash retainers in acknowledgement of the additional workload in leading these Committees. The Compensation Committee has also reviewed peer group data. Our Executive Chairman receives a higher level of compensation, due to the active role he plays and significant time commitment he makes in leading the Board and helping management set and implement our short- and long-term strategies, - 2026 Proxy Statement | 21 Table of Contents particularly given his prior executive and operational experience. The Executive Chairman takes an active role with our CEO and management and has been an integral part of our efforts to operationalize our strategies aimed at growing and investing in our business, our operations and our technology offerings, and mitigating the economic, geopolitical, and operational challenges we have faced. As such, the Compensation Committee and the Board believed that retaining a similar aggregate retainer amount for our Executive Chairman was appropriate. For 2025, the amount was paid in the form of a stock option grant in lieu of a cash retainer. His equity award will not have value unless the stock price increases from the grant date through the vesting schedule. Vertiv reimburses directors for reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending Board and Committee meetings or performing other services in their capacities as directors. The Board expects to review director compensation periodically to ensure that the director compensation package remains competitive such that Vertiv is able to recruit and retain qualified directors. Director Compensation Table The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation for our directors during fiscal 2025, except that Mr. Albertazzi s compensation is reported in the Summary Compensation Table below under Executive Compensation . Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) (2),(3),(4) All Other Compensation ($) (5) Total ($) David M. Cote 1,499,991 17,024 1,517,015 Joseph J. DeAngelo 588,984 588,984 Joseph van Dokkum 115,000 489,000 604,000 Roger Fradin 130,000 489,000 619,000 Jakki L. Haussler 100,000 489,000 589,000 Jacob Kotzubei 100,000 489,000 589,000 Matthew Louie 100,000 489,000 589,000 Edward L. Monser 100,000 489,000 589,000 Steven S. Reinemund 150,000 489,000 639,000 (1) Reflects the cash retainers described above. (2) The amounts reported in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of such option awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Assumptions used in calculating these amounts are described in Note 14 to our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. The options reported in this table vest annually over four years following grant, subject to the director s continued service. (3) On March 7, 2025, these directors received options to purchase 15,000 shares of Class A common stock (46,012 shares in the case of Mr. Cote), with a per share exercise price of $85.04, which was the closing price of our Class A common stock on the grant date. Mr. DeAngelo received an additional number of options in lieu of the $100,000 cash retainer. These options were approved at the first meeting of the Compensation Committee of 2025, consistent with Vertiv s Equity Grant Policy, on March 6, 2025, subject to approval by the Board at a meeting on March 7, 2025, with the grants to be effective on March 7, 2025. (4) As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Cote, Ms. Haussler, Mr. DeAngelo, and Mr. Van Dokkum held unexercised stock options (vested and unvested) to purchase 543,838, 46,886, 79,170, and 137,294 shares, respectively, and each of the other non-employee directors held unexercised stock options (vested and unvested) to purchase 175,941 shares. The foregoing includes options held by family trusts. (5) This column requires reporting the amount of other compensation, including personal benefits or perquisites that exceed $10,000 in the aggregate. This table excludes reimbursements for expenses incurred in attending Board and Committee meetings or performing other services in their capacities as directors. The amount reported reflects the aggregate incremental cost to the Company of the use of the Company s chartered aircraft for travel that may be deemed to include a personal benefit. Our directors may be accompanied by a spouse or guests on our chartered aircraft while on business travel, which does not result in aggregate incremental cost to the Company. 22 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Insider Trading Policy for Employees, Officers and Directors; Prohibition on Hedging We have adopted an insider trading policy applicable to our directors, officers, employees and certain other persons (collectively, covered persons ) that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and the listing rules of the NYSE. Among other things, our insider trading policy: (i) prohibits covered persons from buying or selling our securities while aware of material, non-public information ( MNPI ) except under pre-approved 10b5-1 trading plans that are entered into during an open trading window and while such covered person is not in possession of MNPI; (ii) prohibits tipping such MNPI or buying or selling the securities of another entity while in possession of MNPI about such entity that was obtained in the course of employment or service with us; (iii) prohibits short-term or speculative transactions in company securities, such as short sales, transactions in publicly traded options, holding our securities in a margin account or pledging our securities as collateral for a loan, and certain forms of hedging and monetization transactions; (iv) specifies our blackout periods, including the persons subject to, and the types of transactions that are restricted during, such blackout periods; and (v) describes our advance approval procedures (and who is subject to such procedures) and requirements regarding pre-approved trading plans that meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. The policy was filed as Exhibit 19 to our annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2025 filed with the SEC on February 13 , 2026. - 2026 Proxy Statement | 23 Table of Contents DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth certain information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this proxy statement. Name Age Position David M. Cote 73 Executive Chairman of the Board* Giordano Albertazzi 60 Chief Executive Officer and Director* Joseph J. DeAngelo 64 Director* Joseph van Dokkum 72 Director* Roger Fradin 72 Director* Jakki L. Haussler 68 Director* Jacob Kotzubei 57 Director* Matthew Louie 48 Director* Edward L. Monser 75 Director* Steven S. Reinemund 78 Director* Scott Armul 43 Chief Product and Technology Officer Craig Chamberlin 46 Chief Financial Officer Stephanie Gill 55 Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Michael Giresi 61 Chief Information Officer Anders Karlborg 64 Executive Vice President, Manufacturing, Logistics and Operational Excellence Frank Poncheri 40 Chief Human Resources Officer Paul Ryan 52 President, Europe, Middle East and Africa Anand Sanghi 55 President, Americas Wei Shen 50 President, Greater China * Biographical information for each of our directors is set forth under Proposal 1: Election of Directors Nominees for Election above. Scott Armul. Mr. Armul has served as our Chief Product and Technology Officer since January 1, 2026 and previously served as our Executive Vice President, Global Portfolio and Business Units from January through December 2025. Mr. Armul is responsible for driving the company s global portfolio strategy, leading engineering research and development, and overseeing the business units that comprise Vertiv s comprehensive portfolio, including thermal management, power management, IT systems, infrastructure solutions, and global services. Mr. Armul began his career with Emerson Network Power (now Vertiv) in 2009 as an MBA intern in business planning and development and then transitioned into a permanent position as a strategic planner in 2010. Mr. Armul progressed through various leadership roles with Vertiv, including strategic planning from June 2010 June 2012, senior marketing manager for Emerson Energy Systems from June 2012 August 2015, director of AC power product management from August 2015 February 2017, vice president and general manager of DC power and outside plant for the Americas from February 2017 January 2018, and vice president and general manager of global DC power and outside plant solutions from January 2018 July 2022. Prior to Mr. Armul s promotion to Executive Vice President, he served as vice president of global strategic accounts from June 2022 through December 2024. Mr. Armul holds an MBA from The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business and a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from Washington University in St. Louis. Craig Chamberlin. Mr. Chamberlin has served as our Chief Financial Officer since November 2025. Mr. Chamberlin brings over 20 years of finance and leadership experience to our financial executive team. He has served as Group Vice President and CFO of the transit business of Wabtec Corporation ( Wabtec ), a rail technology company, from February 2022 to November 2025 and previously served as Group President and CFO of Wabtec s global operations and engineering unit, a position he held from July 2019 to February 2022. He began his career at General Electric Company, an American conglomerate, where he served several roles throughout his career from 2005 to 2019, and eventually became Executive Director and CFO of global supply chain and engineering in 2017, where he served until its sale to Wabtec in 2019. Mr. Chamberlin received his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and his Master of Business Administration from Ohio University. Stephanie Gill. Ms. Gill has served as our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since January 2021 and is responsible for Vertiv s global legal strategy, corporate compliance and regulatory functions. Prior to joining Vertiv, Ms. Gill spent 15 years with CNX Resources Corporation (NYSE: CNX), formerly CONSOL Energy Inc., a publicly traded energy company, from 2005 until December 2020. At CNX, Ms. Gill held a variety of positions of increasing responsibility, culminating in her being appointed Vice President and General Counsel in December 2014. Ms. Gill started her legal career as an associate at Jones Day in 1996. After Ms. Gill s tenure at Jones Day, she joined the corporate group at Buchanan Ingersoll Rooney in 1999, 24 | - 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents where she was promoted to shareholder effective 2005, working with public and private companies in various industries. While in law school, Ms. Gill also served as a law clerk in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Ms. Gill is a graduate of The Wharton School of Business of The University of Pennsylvania with a bachelor of science degree in economics and a concentration in accounting and of The Dickinson School of Law of Penn State University, where she received her doctorate of jurisprudence and was the managing editor of The Law Review . Michael Giresi. Mr. Giresi has served as our Chief Information Officer since June 2025, with global responsibility for leading company initiatives in AI adoption across the business, cybersecurity, product security, and digital-enabled productivity and customer experience. He brings extensive experience in digital transformation and technology leadership across multiple industries, including manufacturing, hospitality, and retail sectors. Prior to joining Vertiv, Mr. Giresi served as Chief Digital Officer at Molex, LLC, a manufacturer of connectivity systems, from 2019 to 2025, where he led digital initiatives for the global electronic solutions provider. Before Molex, he held the position of Chief Digital Technology Officer at Aramark, from 2017 to 2019, and was Chief Information Officer at Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd., from 2015 to 2017. Other previous roles include CIO positions at Tory Burch (2011-2015), Direct Brands (2010-2011), and Godiva Chocolatier (2005-2010). Mr. Giresi s IT leadership experience includes serving as IT Director at Campbell Soup Company (1998-2005), IT Manager at Hercules (1999-2000), IT Director at Estee Lauder (1998-2000), and IT Manager at Carter Wallace (1991-1993). He began his career in sales roles, serving as Regional Sales Manager at Elcom Systems (1990-1991), Sales Manager at Valcom (1988-1990), and Account Representative at Lautek (1986-1988). Mr. Giresi holds an Executive MBA from Saint Joseph s University Erivan K. Haub School of Business and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Seton Hall University with concentrations in English, Chemistry, Economics, Computers, and Accounting. Anders Karlborg. Mr. Karlborg has been our EVP, Manufacturing, Logistics and Operational Excellence since August 2023. Mr. Karlborg is responsible for global operations driving enterprise-wide processes and best practice alignment. He collaborates with all regions, lines of business, finance, and procurement to enhance Vertiv s manufacturing and logistics capability to better leverage the company s global footprint. He was our SVP, Americas Operations and Global Channel from August 2022 to July 2023; Sr. VP, Global Channel Operations from July 2021 to July 2022; VP, Operations Supply Chain, Asia Pacific EMEA from January 2020 to July 2021; and Vice President, Operations, Asia Pacific from September 2018 to December 2019. Mr. Karlborg has been with Vertiv since 2018, leading the transformation of regional operations in Asia Pacific, EMEA and the Americas. He has more than 30 years of experience in top tier manufacturing and technology companies. Prior to joining Vertiv, he was an industrial engineer for Volvo Components from 1987 to 1998. In 1998 he joined Ericsson where he was assigned supply chain leadership roles in varying capacities in China and the Middle East until 2008. In 2008, he joined Huawei as the Operations Vice President in China, a position he held until 2015 when he became Operations Vice President with ZTE in China until 2018. He earned a master of science in mechanical engineering from University of Lulea, Sweden. Frank Poncheri. Mr. Poncheri has served as our Chief Human Resources Officer since September 2024. Prior to Vertiv, Mr. Poncheri held a 10-year career at Owens Corning, a global building materials company. Mr. Poncheri was Vice President, Human Resources at Owens Corning from September 2022 and added Corporate Integration in May 2024 through August 2024. Mr. Poncheri also held HR divisional Director roles from January 2019 through September 2022, supporting Global Engineering and the European Region while based in the United States and Finland. This built on progressing HR Manager roles from August 2014 through January 2019, partnering with Manufacturing Operations across multiple locations in the United States. Mr. Poncheri began his career with GE Aerospace, an aircraft engine manufacturer, having completed its renowned Human Resources Leadership Program in 2012. Upon graduation, Mr. Poncheri moved to support HR Manufacturing Operations as a Senior Specialist, Employee Relations, from July 2012 through August 2014, prior to joining Owens Corning. Mr. Poncheri holds a bachelor s degree in business administration and a master s degree in labor relations human resources from The Ohio State University, Max M. Fisher College of Business. Paul Ryan. Mr. Ryan has served as our President, Europe, Middle East and Africa since January 1, 2026 and previously served as our Chief Procurement Officer from May 2023 through December 2025. Mr. Ryan has more than 25 years of experience working within global supply chains, engineering and operations, engaging suppliers to deliver value, and setting corporate wide and business unit strategies to align supply chains to optimize cost, cash and end-customer satisfaction. Prior to this role, Mr. Ryan held a variety of executive-level roles in global operations and supply chain for Vertiv, Emerson Network Power and Avocent Corp, including vice president global commodity management at Vertiv from 2017 to 2022. In 2012, he was named vice president of global operations and supply chain for Avocent Products and Services, a position he held until his promotion in 2017. Prior to 2012, Mr. Ryan was appointed vice president and managing director of Avocent Products and Services in APAC (Singapore) from 2009 to 2012. Mr. Ryan attended the University of Limerick, where he received a bachelor s degree in production management and later, a master s degree in science from the department of mathematics at the University of Limerick. Mr. Ryan also completed the executive development program at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Anand Sanghi. Mr. Sanghi has served as our President, Americas since July 2023, and previously served as our President for Vertiv Australia, New Zealand, Southeast Asia and India (ASI) from February 2021 until July 2023. Mr. Sanghi is responsible for Vertiv s business development and operations in those r