=== VRT_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Risk Factor Summary Investing in Vertiv s common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all information in this Annual Report prior to investing in Vertiv common stock. These risks are discussed more fully in the section titled Item 1A. Risk Factors. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: Customer and Industry Risks: A decrease in continued growth of our customers markets; The long sales cycles for certain Vertiv products and solutions offerings, as well as unpredictable placing or canceling of customer orders; Failure to realize sales expected from our backlog of orders and contracts; Disruption of or consolidation in our customers markets, or categorical shifts in customer technology spending; Less leverage with large customer contract terms; Failure to mitigate risks associated with long-term fixed price contracts; We operate in a highly competitive environment; Failure to obtain performance and other guarantees from financial institutions; Government contracts may contain onerous terms and subject us to audits, investigations, and potential penalties, sanctions, or fines; Business Operational Risks: The risks associated with production cost changes and supply chain management; The risks associated with failing to anticipate market changes and develop competitive products in a timely manner; Risks associated with IT disruption or cyber-security incidents; Risks associated with the implementation and enhancement of information systems; Failure to realize the expected benefit from any rationalization, restructuring, and improvement efforts; Disruption of, or changes in, our independent sales representatives, distributors and original equipment manufacturers; Increase of variability in our effective tax rate due to global operations subjecting us to income and other taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign entities; Costs or liabilities associated with product liability and damage to our reputation and brands; The global scope of our operations, especially in emerging markets; Any failure to benefit from future significant corporate transactions; The risks associated with operating and expanding global production facilities; Legal and Regulatory Risks: Risks associated with future legislation and regulation of our customers markets; Our ability to comply with various laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to data protection and data privacy; Failure to properly address legal compliance issues, particularly those related to imports/exports, anti-corruption laws, and foreign operations; The risks associated with export controls, import restrictions, and sanctions programs; Risks associated with foreign trade policies, including tariffs or global trade conflicts; Risks associated with litigation or claims against the Company, including the risk of adverse outcomes in any such legal claims or proceedings; Our ability to protect or enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights on which our business depends and risk of third-party intellectual property infringement claims; Liabilities associated with environmental, health and safety matters; Risks related to various environmental and sustainability- related matters, metrics and goals which may impact our business and reputation; Financial Related Risks: Failure to realize the value of goodwill and intangible assets; Exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; Failure to remediate material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting ; Our level of indebtedness and ability to comply with covenants included in our debt documents; 4 Table of contents Our ability to access funds through capital markets; Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Securities: Resales of our securities may cause volatility in the market price of our securities; Provisions contained in our organizational documents that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals; A forum selection clause included in our Certificate of Incorporation, which could discourage or limit stockholders ability to make a claim against us; The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends; General Risk Factors: Risks associated with global macroeconomics conditions in the areas in which we operate; Our ability to attract, train and retain key members of its leadership team and other qualified personnel; The adequacy of our insurance coverage; Fluctuations in interest rates materially affecting our financial results and increasing the risk our counterparties default on our interest rate hedges; Our incurrence of significant costs and devotion of substantial management time as a result of operating as a public company. The discussion of risk factors contained in Item 1A. Risk Factors herein includes forward-looking statements. These risks, which may be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those described herein, may impact our actual financial condition, operating results and prospects, and are important to understanding other statements included in this Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impact our business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, in whole or in part, our business, operating results, financial condition, cash flows, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected and vary materially from past, or anticipated future, results. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Because of the risk factors included herein, as well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 5 Table of contents PART I. (Dollars in millions except for per share data and as otherwise noted) Item 1. Business Overview Vertiv is a global leader in critical digital infrastructure for applications in data centers, communication networks, and commercial and industrial environments. As businesses, industries, and communities become more connected, we pioneer and deliver end-to-end power and cooling technologies to help our customers stay resilient, optimized, and future-ready. With our industry-leading innovative technologies and global services network, we are fueling the revolution of the digital world keeping technology ecosystems running efficiently and without interruption. We believe that Vertiv is supercharging data s potential; accelerating the pace of technology, raising the bar for accelerated compute and redefining the limits of densification. The world depends on data we power and cool . Our Company Our roots trace back to 1946 and the beginning of the information age, when Ralph Liebert founded the precursor to the Liebert Corporation, which was established in 1965 as the industry s first manufacturer of computer room air conditioning. In 1987, Liebert was acquired by Emerson Electric Co, which later formed its Network Power business in 2000 to integrate critical infrastructure technologies, including Liebert and previously acquired ASCO, a provider of power transfer switches, under one brand. Over the next decade, Emerson Network Power expanded through acquisitions of Avansys, Marconi s outside plant and power system; Knurr AG, a leading provider of enclosure systems; and Avocent, a leading provider of IT management software and keyboard, video and mouse (or "KVM") solutions. In 2016, Emerson Network Power was spun off as a standalone business and ultimately became Vertiv. Vertiv became publicly-traded on February 7, 2020, with its shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:VRT), through a business combination with GS Acquisition Holdings Corp ( GSAH ), a special purpose acquisition company later renamed Vertiv Holdings Co (the "Business Combination"). Our Business Vertiv has the most complete portfolio of critical digital infrastructure offerings. We design, manufacture, sell, install, maintain, and service critical digital infrastructure technologies and rapidly deployable customized solutions to meet the specific business requirements and needs of a diverse group of customers. Vertiv leads with first-to-market designs engineered for next-gen rack-scale artificial intelligence ("AI") compute enabling transformation and scale to stay multiple compute generations ahead. Our global footprint comprises engineering, manufacturing, operations, sales and service locations in more than 40 countries across the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe, Middle East Africa. We provide the hardware, software and services to facilitate an increasingly interconnected marketplace of digital systems, where large amounts of indispensable data need to be transmitted, analyzed, processed and stored. Whether this growing quantity of data is managed centrally in hyperscale/cloud locations, distributed at the edge of the network, processed in an enterprise location or managed via a hybrid platform, the underpinnings and operations of all those locations rely on our critical digital infrastructure and services. Our broad range of offerings includes AC and DC power management, thermal management, low/medium voltage switchgear, busbar, air cooled and liquid cooled thermal management products, integrated modular solutions, racks, single phase UPS, rack power distribution, rack thermal systems, configurable integrated solutions, energy storage solutions, hardware, software for managing IT equipment and services. These comprehensive offerings are integral to the reliable operation of technologies used to support applications that include AI, e-commerce, online banking, file sharing, video on-demand, energy storage, wireless communications, Internet of Things and online gaming. In addition, through our global services network, we provide lifecycle management services, predictive analytics and professional services for deploying, maintaining and optimizing these products and their related systems. Our most prominent brands include Vertiv, Liebert, NetSure, Geist, Energy Labs, ERS, Alb r, and Avocent. We manage our business across three reportable segments based on our main geographic regions the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe, Middle East Africa. For the year ended December 31, 2025, Vertiv s net sales was $10,229.9, of which 62% was transacted in the Americas; 20% was transacted in Asia Pacific; and 18% was transacted in Europe, Middle East Africa. This compares with net sales for the year ended December 31, 2024 of $8,011.8, of which 56% was transacted in the Americas, 22% was transacted in Asia Pacific, and 22% in Europe, Middle East Africa. 6 Table of contents Backlog Vertiv s estimated combined order backlog was $15.0 billion and $7.2 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, as continued strong demand has contributed to an increase in customer orders being placed in advance of our ability to fulfill them. The backlog consists of product and services for which a customer purchase order or purchase commitment has been received and which has not yet been delivered. Orders may be subject to cancellation or rescheduling by the customer. The majority of the combined backlog as of December 31, 2025 is considered firm and is expected to be shipped within the next 12 to 18 months. We do not believe that Vertiv s backlog estimates as of any date are necessarily indicative of our net sales for any future period. Additionally, our current backlog estimates are subject to a number of risks, as further detailed in Item 1A. Risk factors Risks relating to our customers and our industry We may not realize all of the sales expected from our backlog of orders and contracts. Strategic Priorities Our businesses are focused on the following strategic priorities: Maintain Customer Focus Enhance the customer experience through best in-class tools, commercial, technical, delivery, and service execution. Nurture strong customer relationships. Create superior customer value enabling demand and margin expansion. Achieve Operational Excellence Continuous process improvement mindset to achieve speed, efficiency, efficacy, and scalability. Achieve pervasive and efficient development and deployment of advanced IT tools and automation. Adopt a rigorous management operating process and cadence. Build a High-Performance Culture Foster a culture of accountability, collaboration, and speed. Develop a widespread sense of urgency and reward performance. Deliver on commitments and execute agreed plans rooted in performance achievement, talent development and growth mindset. Foster Innovation Be a market leader in our technology and service domains and continue to differentiate through our new products. Develop and introduce processes with effectiveness and velocity. Develop system-level strength that leverages our unique product and services portfolio. Reinforce Financial Strength Achieve long- and short-term margin and profit expansion combined with using operational leverage. Drive cash and balance sheet strength through rigorous resource allocation and management. Generate profitable growth and focus on continuous variable margin optimization and develop superior pricing capabilities. Our Customers Our customers operate in some of the world's most critical industries. We primarily serve customers across three main end markets: (1) data centers (including hyperscale/cloud, colocation, neocloud and enterprise), (2) communication networks and (3) commercial and industrial applications. Data Centers : Data centers are purpose-built facilities that enable the processing, storage, and distribution of data across both traditional workloads and high-density compute, including AI training and inference. There are a host of different sizes and types of data centers, but they can be broken down into the following primary classifications: Cloud/Hyperscale: These facilities are large in scale, can span multiple acres and are primarily used to support cloud applications. This portion of the industry is growing rapidly with drivers such as adoption of cloud-based data services and AI workloads. Examples of companies in this space include Microsoft, Amazon Web Services, and Google Cloud. Colocation: These facilities range in size and offer clients a location where they can place their IT equipment, while the building and critical digital infrastructure is owned by the colocation company. This portion of the industry is on a significant growth trajectory. Examples of companies in this space include Digital Realty, Equinix, Compass, and QTS. 7 Table of contents Neocloud: These providers deliver AI-optimized cloud infrastructure as a service, offering high-performance compute environments designed for AI and accelerated workloads. This segment is growing rapidly, driven by AI training and inference demand and customers seeking alternatives to traditional hyperscale platforms. Examples of companies in this space include CoreWeave and Nebius. Enterprise: This classification refers to the Fortune 1000 scale businesses that have their own on-premises data centers. The growth of the enterprise market, based on data centers and square footage, has generally been flat for the past three years. Examples of companies in this space include Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, Walmart and Allianz. Communication Networks: This space is comprised of wireline, wireless, and broadband companies. These companies create content and are ultimately responsible for distributing voice, video, and data to businesses and consumers. They deliver this data through an intricate network of wireline and wireless mediums. Additionally, some of these companies locations act as data centers where the data is delivered, processed and stored. This sector has a generally low single-digit growth profile and generally aligned with telecom capex investment and new mobile deployment cycles. Commercial and Industrial: This space is comprised of commercial and industrial environments where our products keep critical systems running. Examples include transportation, manufacturing, and oil and gas. These applications are growing in their need for intelligent infrastructure and may be regulated or need to satisfy some level of compliance. The growth in this area generally aligns with changes in gross domestic product, and can be further driven by increased automation and digitalization in both light and heavy industrial application environments. We engage these industries and end users through our global network of direct sales professionals, independent sales representatives, channel partners and original equipment manufacturers. Many of our installations are completed in collaboration with our customers and we work with them from the initial planning phase through delivery and servicing of the completed solution. This depth of interaction supports key customer relationships, sometimes spanning multiple decades. Our Offerings We design, manufacture and service critical digital infrastructure technology primarily for data centers, communication networks and commercial and industrial environments. Our principal offerings include products and service spares. Products We identify delivery of products as performance obligations. Such products include AC and DC power management, thermal management, low/medium voltage switchgear, busbar, air cooled and liquid cooled thermal management products, integrated modular solutions, racks, single phase UPS, rack power distribution, rack thermal systems, configurable integrated solutions, energy storage solutions, hardware, and software for managing IT equipment. Services spares Global services include both pre-sale and after-sales services, for example, preventative maintenance, project management, acceptance testing, engineering and consulting, performance assessments, remote monitoring, specialized fluid management, training, spare parts, and critical digital infrastructure software. We provide consistent service delivery for critical facilities in all regions of the world with service provided by knowledgeable, local specialists. Regular service of critical equipment supports maximum uptime and often reduces total cost of ownership for customers. We provide full support of critical digital infrastructures when and where our customers need us. Vertiv services are used primarily in data centers, communications facilities, government agencies, utilities, and industrial plants. Across the globe, we operate over 300 service centers and deploy approximately 5,000 service engineers. Competition The majority of our competitors target a specific offering or a specific geographic location. Competition in our markets is primarily on the basis of reliability, quality, price, service and customer relationships. Across our three geographic segments, we encounter two principal types of competitors: niche players (e.g., Delta Electronics, Inc., Stulz GmbH, Johnson Controls International PLC, and Socomec Holding SA) and large-scale global competitors (e.g., Schneider Electric, S.E., Eaton Corporation Plc, Legrand SA, and Huawei Investment Holding Co., Ltd.) We believe we differentiate ourselves through: (i) application expertise and customer collaboration to envision and build future-ready infrastructure; (ii) most complete portfolio and continual innovation; (iii) proven superior reliability and quality; (iv) truly global presence and ability to scale for our customers' operating flexibility and resilience; and (v) our industry-leading global service network to safeguard uptime and support. 8 Table of contents Sales and Marketing Our customers are located across the globe. We go to market through multiple channels to ensure that we map our coverage to our customers buying behaviors and preferences. Our primary selling method is direct sales, and we have approximately 3,000 salespeople located around the world. We also utilize a robust network of channel partners, distributors, IT resellers, and value-added retailers. This network helps extend our global reach to all corners of the world. Customer Service and Support We ensure continuous uptime of our customers operations so they can perform at their peak and maximize resources. There are five key characteristics that differentiate Vertiv s customer service and support from competitors: Expertise : For over 50 years, Vertiv s long-tenured service personnel have been trusted advisors to industry leaders and companies of all sizes. Reliability Safety : We provide around the clock, direct access to approximately 5,000 field services engineers and approximately 400 technical support team members. Response Time : Vertiv boasts a first-time fix rate of more than 90% during site emergency visits, allowing customers to quickly gain assistance wherever and whenever. Global Coverage : We provide a standardized support approach across the globe with more than 300 service centers, keeping our customer sites connected. Broad Capabilities : Vertiv offers customers a complete lifecycle of capabilities such as project launch, remote monitoring, on-site project management, energy consumption management and preventive maintenance. Engineering, Research and Development We are committed to outpacing our competitors and being first to market with new product developments and improvements. In 2025, Vertiv spent $441.7 on engineering, research and development ( ER D ). We focus our ER D budget on new product innovation and engineering continuous improvement. Our global product leaders manage global product lines and engineering organizations with the goal to remain ahead of market trends by leveraging input from our customers, regions, and technology partners. These global groups are also supported by in-region product and engineering teams which are responsible for understanding and adapting our offerings to local market and customer requirements. These teams work closely with our sales and service network, enabling us to obtain and act upon customer feedback to continuously improve our offerings. Facilities, Operations, Raw Materials and Supply Chain Our ability to serve our customers on both a global and local level is a key success factor, and we have built, and continue to expand, our manufacturing and operations footprint and capacity with that principle in mind. We have significant manufacturing and operations facilities in the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe, Middle East Africa. This well-diversified global network of facilities allows for optimized manufacturing costs, capacity to meet demand, and working capital optimization. Our manufacturing facilities are supported by regional engineering and configuration centers where, if our customers desire, we can tailor our products to the local market and to a given customer s specific requirements. We obtain raw materials and supplies from a variety of sources and generally from more than one supplier. We have established a robust supply chain that is complementary to our manufacturing and operations footprint. In addition to providing high quality service to our customers, we follow a diversification strategy to avoid over concentration or a significant dependence on a particular supplier or region. Despite this strategy, it is possible that we may from time to time experience critical part shortages which may drive the need for additional spot buys at increased costs, as well as increased costs associated with premium freight to meet customer commitments. Additionally, logistical issues, import or export restrictions or other supply chain constraints may delay the receipt of materials and, in some cases, we may not be able to procure critical parts at any price, creating production and delivery challenges pressuring the top and bottom line. We continue to take action to enhance our supply chain, such as qualifying new suppliers, and advancing our pricing plan. Vertiv Operating System The Vertiv Operating System ( VOS ) leverages a proven foundational approach to operational excellence and executes it at scale to drive greater efficiency, quality, competitive advantage and superior customer experience. Our enterprise approach is articulated in four main pillars: the deployment of the operating system through pervasive lean techniques propagation; the development of an accountable, lean organization aligned to vertical strategic objectives; the creation 9 Table of contents and maintenance of a simple yet robust global operating model; and the empowerment of the organization to drive day-by-day continuous improvement as well as complex business process transformation. Building on this foundation, we have further strengthened our operating model through the development of a comprehensive performance management system and key performance indicator framework. This framework ensures discipline performance monitoring, promptly identifies deviations, and accelerates agile problem-solving and corrective actions through clear ownership and accountability across the organization. In parallel, we have fostered lean deployment across the organization through a widely adopted Lean Six Sigma belt certification program, providing employees with a common knowledge base, tools, and discipline to drive transformation more autonomously while ensuring consistency, coordination, and rigor. To accelerate lean maturity and embed a high-performance culture, we have also launched a new enhanced VOS capability framework across our manufacturing sites, reinforcing standard work, leadership behaviors and operational excellence practices. In addition, we are progressing toward the establishment of an enterprise Transformation Office that provides a fully integrated and cross-functional end-to-end management for our transformation agenda, encompassing IT enablement including advanced digital and AI capabilities and supported by dedicated resources. Finally, we have reinforced our customer-centric approach by bringing together order-to-cash and order-to-fulfillment under a unified end-to-end ownership model. This integration strengthens coordination across functions and manufacturing sites, improves customer order management, and ensures that customer experience remains at the center of our operational and transformation efforts. Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 34,000 full-time and part-time employees. Approximately 41% of our employees are in our manufacturing operations. Our Culture Our high-performance culture creates an environment where employees are empowered to collaborate, learn, and teach others through their experiences. We seek people with high integrity who put a premium on learning through experience and those who embrace our core principles, which include safety, integrity and respect, and we expect our employees to emulate and display our core behaviors, which include fostering a customer-first mindset, leading by example and driving continuous improvement. Investing in our People Our employees are critical to achieving our business objectives and investing in them is a key component to success. We offer leadership development programs for employees at the early career levels in finance, human resources, sales, services and engineering. We also offer customized programs for target populations to further develop their professional skills, and specialized partnership programs with local universities that lead to obtaining bachelor's and/or master's degrees in technology. Our offerings include: Finance, Human Resources, Sales, Engineering, and Field Services Leadership Development Rotational Programs for early-career employees based in the Americas, Asia, India, Europe, Middle-East, and Africa reporting units. Specialized partnership programs with local universities in India, United States, and China for high-potential engineers to earn a post-secondary bachelor and/or a graduate degree. Focus development for identified high-potential leaders in early-, mid-, senior-, and leadership-ready positions across multiple functions globally that focus on training in the areas of operational and strategic thinking, offers the opportunity to participate and lead global projects, and obtain global networking and visibility to executive leadership. New rotational programs for mid and senior level employees launched in 2025 to focus on accelerating the development for employees who desire to become General Managers and Operational leaders. Specialized training for employees based in our support hubs, located in the Philippines, United States, India, and Romania, around key business skills including customer service, finance fundamentals and customer service mindset. Leadership training courses were created and launched in 2025 globally to support early and mid-career managers. Content focuses on Vertiv's high performance culture and our leadership philosophy. 10 Table of contents VOS training is delivered globally. This training, known as VOS Academy, is conducted virtually for salaried employees and all hourly employees receive training at our global manufacturing sites. Our Strategy We are committed to attracting, hiring and developing the best and brightest talent and focus significant resources on supporting and managing our global employee population. We believe that we offer our employees competitive pay packages and a broad range of company-paid benefits, and recognize that our success is based in large part on the talents and dedication of those we employ. Vertiv Career Framework: This framework is intended to highlight a simple and consistent way to organize, reward, and develop careers. Based on global principles with local application, we have created career tracks aligned to market competitive pay practices. Full implementation is ongoing and will highlight a pragmatic pay for performance approach that supports our high-performance culture. To best facilitate our retention strategy, we have made significant investments in Total Rewards and Talent Acquisition (or "TA"). TA will continue to be a differentiator for Vertiv's high growth aspirations. Our TA team has successfully hired over 2,500 new salaried employees in 2025, with a special emphasis on Engineering, Services, and Operations. To better facilitate speed and simplicity, we are automating the hiring process through Oracle systems, resulting in reduced job requisition creation time and overall time to fill. Attracting employees is only half our mission. For those new employees, once onboarded, and those employees with many years of dedicated service, the human resource team is focused on delivering a robust talent management system with pillars centered on engagement, development, and inclusion. Employee Engagement Fully engaged employees are a key driver of employee productivity and job satisfaction. We engage our employees across the organization through our quarterly enterprise-wide town halls, employee recognition programs, and company-sponsored volunteer events. The "CEO Award", an employee recognition award given weekly during the year by CEO Giordano Albertazzi to recognize individuals who unlock value for our customers, who overcome challenges to solve problems, or who create meaningful, lasting results for our business, has recently completed year two. These individuals embody our core principals and behaviors and keep us on track to achieve our goals through their commitment to our strategic priorities. They understand their role in helping Vertiv achieve its full potential. At an enterprise level, Vertiv was recognized in Greater China by earning the "2025 Ram Charan Award" by the Harvard Business Review China and in Asia our Philippines office earned the "Great Place to Work" certification. Employee Development In 2025, Vertiv introduced a leadership model that is based on Vertiv s strategic behaviors: Drive + Engage. This new model enables a foundation of what it means to lead in a high performance culture effectively, understanding your individual style, and how it presents every day to your direct team and/or peers. We also provide development and training programs for our employees, including evolved product training for our sales and services organizations, Leading@Vertiv a newly revamped global training for our mid-management level employees, "Leadership Essentials Program" for first time managers and MyFirst90Days for newly hired employees as key human capital measures and objectives. Additionally, our salaried and services employees participate in our comprehensive annual performance review process meant to encourage a direct conversation where candid feedback can be shared to help our employees develop, achieve their career goals, and drive our high-performance culture. That performance management cycle has been simplified and fully automated within our Oracle systems, linking goal setting to employee feedback, annual performance ratings and compensation awards. A true pillar to drive a high-performance culture. Inclusion We believe that innovative solutions are often developed from having diverse viewpoints and perspectives at the table. We endeavor to foster a workplace that supports and promotes inclusion and cultivates respect. One of the best success cases includes establishing employee-led, executive leadership team-sponsored, Employee Resource Groups open to all employees and that are intended to provide opportunities for personal and professional growth, networking, mentorship, and community outreach. 11 Table of contents Employee Safety A safe and healthy workplace is essential for Vertiv to operate effectively and support long-term business performance. Safety is one of Vertiv s core principles, and we prioritize the health and safety of our global workforce and anyone who enters our facilities or interacts with our products. We believe we maintain an effective employee health and safety strategy, as reflected by safety performance that compares favorably with certain industry peers, including our total recordable injury rate of 0.35 and our lost time injury rate of 0.18 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025. During 2025, we continued to focus on reducing and controlling workplace risks through training, operational discipline, and employee engagement. In connection with this commitment, we continued our enterprise-wide safety engagement efforts, including the ongoing evolution of our We Lead with Safety campaign, which emphasizes shared accountability and encourages employees to speak up about safety concerns for themselves and others. Employee participation in proactive safety reporting increased during the year, reflecting growing engagement and a strengthening safety culture across the organization. These efforts support Vertiv's ongoing objective of improving workplace safety awareness and managing risk across its global operations. Intellectual Property Our ability to create, obtain and protect intellectual property ( IP ) is important to the success of our business and our ability to compete. We create IP in our operations globally, and we actively work to protect and enforce our IP rights. We consider our trademarks to be valuable assets, including well-known marks within the industry such as Vertiv, Liebert, NetSure, Geist, Energy Labs, ERS, Alb r, and Avocent. In addition, we integrate licensed third-party technology and IP into certain aspects of our products. Although certain third-party proprietary IP rights are important to our success, we do not believe that we are materially dependent on any particular third-party IP rights. As of December 31, 2025 Vertiv had approximately 3,000 registered patents and approximately 1,900 pending, published or allowed patent applications, and approximately 1,900 registered trademarks and approximately 200 pending trademark applications. Environmental, Health and Safety and Responsible Business Practices Meeting the growing demand for data and critical digital infrastructure while simultaneously mitigating environmental impacts from our operations and products, and governing and managing our business in a responsible manner, are at the heart of our approach to sustainability and responsible business matters. Mitigating environmental impacts encompasses actions taken to minimize resource consumption and greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions, manage materials and waste in our own operations, and provide customers with innovative products and solutions that help them minimize their own energy and water use, carbon footprint, and waste. We continue to work to shrink the carbon footprint of our operations, and we continue to minimize and, where possible, eliminate waste through source reduction and recycling. Throughout our global facilities we continue to implement processes, and to refine, procedures, and policies to track and mitigate environmental impacts. We also solicit local teams to identify action plans for the conservation of energy and water, and the reduction of GHG emissions. Governing and managing our business in a responsible manner includes, but is not limited to, encouraging inclusion, respecting human rights, developing our employees, implementing data privacy and cybersecurity measures, establishing policies, procedures, and codes of conduct that spell out expectations for our own behavior and that of our suppliers, and working to protect the interests of our company, stockholders, and other stakeholders. We are subject to a broad range of foreign and domestic environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and requirements. We maintain a robust environmental, health and safety compliance program, including policies and standards, dedicated staff, and periodic auditing and training. We also have a program for complying with the European Union Restriction on the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances and Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directives, the China Restriction of Hazardous Substances law, the European Union Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals regulation, and similar requirements. 12 Table of contents At sites which we own, lease or operate, or have previously owned, leased or operated, or where we have disposed or arranged for the disposal of hazardous materials, we could incur liability for any potential contamination, and could in the future be liable for additional contamination. Compliance with laws regulating contamination and the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment has not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering ("IPO") of GSAH in June 2018 (prior to the Business Combination in 2020), GSAH closed the private placement of an aggregate of 10,533,333 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share (the Private Placement Warrants ), initially issued to GS DC Sponsor I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. On February 24, 2023, 5,266,666 warrants were exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to the agreement governing the warrants, in exchange for which the Company issued 1,368,194 shares of Class A common stock. On December 6, 2024, 5,266,667 warrants were exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to the agreement governing the warrants, in exchange for which the Company issued 4,812,521 shares of Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2025, there are no outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Related Agreements Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement On the closing date of the Business Combination, we entered into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), with the initial stockholders of GSAH, VPE Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC (the "Vertiv Stockholder"), and certain other investors, including entities affiliated with our Executive Chairman (collectively, the RRA Parties ), pursuant to which the RRA Parties are entitled to registration rights in respect of certain shares of Vertiv s Class A common stock and certain other of our equity securities that are held by the RRA Parties from time to time. The Vertiv Stockholder and certain other RRA Parties, including an entity controlled by our Chairman (the "Cote Sponsor Member") is entitled to make up to two demand registrations in any 12 month period in connection with an underwritten shelf takedown offering, in each case subject to certain offering thresholds, applicable lock-up restrictions and certain other conditions. In addition, the RRA Parties have certain piggy-back registration rights. The Registration Rights Agreement includes customary indemnification and confidentiality provisions. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any registration statements filed pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement. On February 7, 2020, we filed a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (the Registration Statement on Form S-1 ), to meet our obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement. The Vertiv Stockholder sold shares of our Class A common stock in the following secondary offerings: (i) 26.0 million shares in August 2020; (ii) 18.0 million shares in November 2020; (iii) 23.1 million shares in November 2021; and (iv) 20.0 million shares in August 2023. Stockholders Agreement On the closing date of the Business Combination, the Company, the Cote Sponsor Member, the Vertiv Stockholder, and certain other members entered into a Stockholders Agreement (the Stockholders Agreement ). The Stockholders Agreement provides that so long as we have either of the Executive Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer as a named executive officer, we shall take certain actions to include such Executive Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer on the slate of nominees recommended by the Board of Directors (the "Board") for election. Following a sale of Class A common stock on February 27, 2024, the Vertiv Stockholder holds none of our outstanding Class A common stock. 13 Table of contents Corporate Information Our principal executive offices are located at 505 N. Cleveland Ave., Westerville, Ohio, 43082, and our telephone number is (614) 888-0246. Our website is www.vertiv.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and we file or furnish reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information we file with the SEC are available free of charge at www.vertiv.com when such reports are available on the SEC s website. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We periodically provide other information for investors on our corporate website, including press releases and other information about financial performance, information on corporate governance and details related to our annual meeting of stockholders. Our references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. The information found on, or that can be accessed from or that is hyperlinked to, our website does not constitute part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report. This Annual Report contains some of our trademarks, service marks and trade names, including, among others, Vertiv, Liebert, NetSure, Geist, Energy Labs, ERS, Alb r, and Avocent. Each one of these trademarks, service marks or trade names is either (1) our registered trademark, (2) a trademark for which we have a pending application, or (3) a trade name or service mark for which we claim common law rights. All other trademarks, trade names or service marks of any other company appearing in this Annual Report belong to their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report are presented without the TM, SM and symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our respective rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. Upon the written request of any record holder or beneficial owner of Common Stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, we will, without charge, provide a copy of our Annual Report, including the financial statements and the financial statement schedules, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, as filed with the SEC. Requests should be directed to ir@vertiv.com. 14 Table of contents Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the following risks as well as the other information included in this Annual Report, including Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factor Summary, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report, before investing in our securities. We operate in a changing environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our operations. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. However, the selected risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. In such a case, the trading price of our securities could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in us. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this subsection to the Company, Vertiv, we, us or our refer to Vertiv Holdings Co and its consolidated subsidiaries following the Business Combination, other than certain historical information which refers to the business of Vertiv prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. Risks Related to Our Customers and Our Industry We rely on the continued growth of our customers critical infrastructure systems, in particular data center and communication infrastructure, to grow our business, operations and revenue, and any decreases in demand in these infrastructures could lead to a decrease in demand for our product offerings. A substantial portion of our business depends on the continued growth of our current and potential customers data centers and communication infrastructure demand. If these data centers and communication infrastructures do not continue to grow, whether as a result of changes in the economy, shifts in the level or focus of spending on artificial intelligence, capital spending, building capacity in excess of demand, delays in receiving required permits and approvals, or for any other reason, overall customer demand for our product offerings could decrease, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The length of the sales cycle for certain Vertiv products and solutions offerings, as well as unpredictable placing or canceling of customer orders, particularly large orders, may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from period-to-period, which could make our future operational results less predictable. A customer s decision to purchase certain of our products or solutions, particularly products new to the market or long-term end-to-end solutions, may involve a lengthy contracting, design and qualification process. In particular, customers deciding on the design and implementation of large deployments may have lengthy and unpredictable procurement processes that may delay or impact expected future orders, including customers canceling orders based on unforeseen changes to their businesses. As a result, the order booking and sales recognition process is often uncertain and unpredictable, with some customers placing large orders with short lead times on little advance notice and others requiring lengthy, open-ended processes that may change depending on global or regional economic conditions. This unpredictability may cause our revenues and operating results to vary unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, making our future operational results less predictable. We may not realize all of the sales expected from our backlog of orders and contracts. Our backlog consists of the value of product and service orders for which a customer purchase order or purchase commitment is received, but has not yet been delivered. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, Vertiv s estimated combined order backlog was approximately $15.0 billion and $7.2 billion, respectively. The majority of our combined backlog is considered firm and expected to be delivered within 12 to 18 months. Our customers have the right in some circumstances, usually with penalties or other termination consequences, to reduce or defer firm orders in backlog. If customers terminate, reduce or defer firm orders, the revenue we expect to generate from our backlog may not be fully realized. Also, due to our large backlog, pricing changes may take longer to be reflected in our financial results. Our recent acquisitions have added to our sales pipeline and backlog. The contracts associated with our acquisitions may have differing terms, allowing customers to reduce firm orders or terminate contracts, with varying costs. Any disruption or consolidation of our customers markets or reduction in customer spending on technology could result in declines in the sales volume and prices of our products. Our customers markets could suffer disruption due to a number of factors, including government policy changes, local zoning decisions, community opposition or temporary or permanent local moratoria that limit or restrict the siting, 15 Table of contents construction or expansion of data centers and other critical digital infrastructure, industry consolidations or the shifting of market size and purchasing power among customers. Such consolidations or other disruptions may result in certain parties gaining additional purchasing leverage and, consequently, increasing the product pricing pressures facing our business. Evolving customer strategy resulting from consolidation or reduction in technology spend could lead to a significant decline in business with, or pricing pressure from, one or more of our key customers, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, if industry consolidation results in fewer, larger customers, the loss of any one customer or a significant reduction in their spending could have an outsized impact on results not anticipated in a customer marketplace composed of more numerous participants. In addition, changes in our customers investment priorities, for example, shifts in the level or focus of spending on artificial intelligence, cloud or other technology projects or in the types of facilities they deploy, may result in reduced demand or increased pricing pressure for certain of our offerings, even if overall technology spending remains robust. Any reduction in customer spending on technological development as a result of these and other factors could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Larger customers often require terms and conditions that are more favorable to the customer, which could result in downward pricing pressures on our business. Large customers, such as larger communication network, cloud/hyperscale, neocloud, and colocation data center providers, comprise a material portion of our customer base and generally have greater purchasing power than smaller customers. Accordingly, these customers often have enhanced leverage that allow them to require more favorable terms and conditions in their contracts with us, including in connection with large, multi-year projects to support artificial intelligence and other high-density compute workloads. In addition, these customers may impose substantial penalties for any product or service failures caused by us or the failure by us to timely deliver products ordered by those customers and may seek more stringent performance, service-level and delivery commitments as the scale and urgency of their projects increase. As we seek to sell more products to such customers, we may be required to agree to such terms and conditions more frequently, which could affect the timing of our cash flows and ability to recognize revenue or that allocate a greater share of project and schedule risk to us, and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have long-term, fixed-price contracts (including long-term, turnkey projects). Our failure to mitigate certain risks or accurately estimate our costs associated with fulfillment of such contracts may result in excess costs and penalties. Long-term, fixed-price contracts (including but not limited to turnkey projects) may have a duration greater than twelve months that involve substantial risks, which may result in excess costs and penalties. These fulfillment risks include but are not limited to: unanticipated technical problems with equipment, requiring us to incur added expenses to remedy such problems; changes in costs or shortages of components, materials, labor or construction equipment; recognition of revenues over the term of the contract; project modifications and changes to the scope of work resulting in unanticipated costs; delays caused by local weather or other conditions beyond our control; changes in regulations, permits or government policy; the failure of suppliers, subcontractors or consortium partners to perform; and penalties, if we cannot complete all or portions of the project within contracted time limits and performance levels. Our failure to mitigate these risks may result in excess costs and penalties and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The industries and markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we experience competitive pressures from numerous and varied competitors. We encounter competition from numerous and varied competitors targeting all areas of our business on a global and regional basis. We compete primarily on the basis of our technology, reliability, quality, price, service and customer relationships. A significant element of our competitive strategy is focused on delivering reliable, high-quality products and solutions at the best relative global cost. If our products, services, and cost structure do not enable us to compete successfully, we may experience a decline in product sales and a corresponding loss of customers. Our competitors, any of which could introduce new technologies or business models that disrupt significant portions of our markets and cause our customers to move a material portion of their business away from us, primarily include: 16 Table of contents Large-scale, global competitors with broad product portfolios and service offerings. These competitors may have comparatively greater financial, technical and marketing resources available to them and would include Schneider Electric, S.E., Eaton Corporation Plc, Legrand SA, and Huawei Investment Holding Co., Ltd, each of which has a large, global presence and compete directly in the markets in which we operate. If we do not successfully anticipate technological shifts, market needs and opportunities, we may not be able to compete effectively and our ability to generate revenues will suffer. Industry consolidation may also impact the competitive landscape by creating larger, more homogeneous and potentially stronger competitors in the markets in which we operate. Offering-specific competitors with products and services that compete globally but with a limited set of product offerings, which would include Delta Electronics, Inc., Stulz GmbH, Johnson Controls International PLC, and Socomec Holding SA. These competitors may be able to focus more closely on a particular product or service segment of the market and apply targeted financial, technical and marketing resources in ways that we do not, potentially leading to stronger brand recognition, technological advancement and more competitive pricing within that targeted segment. Regional or country-level competitors. These are competitors that compete with us in a limited geographic area. Failure to obtain performance and other guarantees from financial institutions, may prevent us from bidding on or obtaining certain contracts, or increase our costs with respect to such contracts. In accordance with industry practice, for certain project opportunities, including large data center, artificial intelligence and other complex infrastructure projects, we are required to provide guarantees, including bid-bonds, advance payment and performance guarantees. Some customers require these guarantees to be issued by a financial institution, and historic global financial conditions have in the past, and may in the future, make it more difficult and expensive to obtain these guarantees or may limit the capacity of financial institutions to issue them at the levels or on the terms we require. If we cannot obtain such guarantees on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we could be prevented from bidding on or obtaining such large project contracts, or our costs for such contracts could be higher and, in either case, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our contracts with governmental customers are subject to increased pressures to reduce expenses, may contain additional or more onerous terms and conditions, and may subject us to increased risk of audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties by such governmental parties, which could result in various civil and criminal penalties, administrative sanctions, and fines and suspensions. We derive a portion of our revenue from contracts with governmental customers, including but not limited to the U.S. federal government, and various state and local governments. There is pressure on such governmental customers and their respective agencies to reduce spending and some of our contracts at the federal, state and local levels are subject to government funding authorizations. These factors combine to potentially limit the revenue we derive from such contracts. Additionally, government contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations that could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including contract termination, refunds, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business. Such contracts are also subject to various laws and regulations that apply to doing business with governmental entities, such as country-specific sourcing requirements and evolving cybersecurity, data protection and supply-chain regulations and standards. 17 Table of contents Risks Related to Our Business Operations We are subject to various changes in costs of production, including some that are beyond our control, the impacts of which may be exacerbated if we fail to properly manage our supply chain and inventory. Our operations, particularly our manufacturing and service operations, depend on raw materials, components, products and services from third-party suppliers, and such suppliers ability to timely deliver the quantities and quality required at acceptable prices. Successful operations depend on our ability to accurately anticipate these needs and prices. We have a large number of providers to support our global operations and breadth of offerings, some of whom are also competitors of ours in one or more parts of our business and those suppliers may decide to discontinue business with us. As described in our prior filings, at times in the past we did not accurately anticipate the magnitude of inflationary cost increases and customs duties and tariffs for our materials, freight and labor, which resulted in such cost increases not being immediately reflected in the prices for our offerings. Other supply chain issues that we have faced, and may face in the future include, but are not limited to, the following: Volatility in the supply or price of raw materials, freight and labor - Our products rely on a variety of raw materials and components, including steel, copper, aluminum and various electronic components. We may experience a shortage of, or a delay in receiving, such materials or components because of strong demand, supplier constraints or other operational disruptions. Moreover, prices and custom duties and tariffs for some of these materials and components have historically been volatile and unpredictable. We also rely upon labor and third-party freight services to produce and deliver our offerings to our customers. In the past few years, we experienced significant increases in material, freight and labor costs and custom duties and tariffs. If we are unable to secure necessary supplies at reasonable prices or acceptable quality, we may be unable to manufacture products, fulfill service orders or otherwise operate our business. We may also be unable to offset unexpected increases in material and component costs with our own price increases without suffering reduced volumes, revenues or operating income. Contractual terms - As a result of long-term price or purchase commitments in contracts with our suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase materials, components or services at prices higher than those available in the current market, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage, and, if these issues impact demand, may result in additional charges for inventory obsolescence. In addition, to secure the supply of certain materials and components on favorable terms, we may make strategic purchases of materials and components in advance or enter into non-cancelable commitments. If we fail to properly anticipate demand, we may have an oversupply which could result in excess or obsolete materials or components. Contingent workers - In some locations, we rely on third-party suppliers for the provision of contingent workers, and our failure to manage such workers effectively could adversely impact our results of operations. We may also be subject to labor shortages, oversupply, or fixed contractual terms relating to the contingent workforce, and our ability to manage the size of, and costs for, such contingent workforce may be further constrained by local laws or future changes to such laws. Single-source suppliers - We obtain certain materials or components from single-source suppliers due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. Replacing a single-source supplier could delay production of some products because replacement suppliers, if available, may be subject to capacity constraints or other output limitations. Increasing Demand - As the demand for our products increases, or if we experience unexpected large orders, we will need to increase production and obtain sufficient supply of materials. If we fail to meet this increased customer demand in a timely manner, or at all, of if we fail to obtain the necessary raw materials or otherwise satisfy the performance obligations in our contracts related to these orders, we could be subject to penalty provisions, liquidated damages or other claims. Additionally, our reputation and customer relationships could be damaged and we could lose revenue and market share. Any of these risks could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our operations depend upon disciplined inventory management, as we balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive lead times against the risk of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. Excess or obsolete inventory, whether procured pursuant to an inaccurate customer forecast or otherwise, would result in a write-off of such inventory, causing an increase in costs of goods sold and a decline in our gross margins. 18 Table of contents If we fail to anticipate technology shifts, market needs and opportunities, and fail to develop appropriate products, product enhancements and services in a timely manner, we may not be able to compete effectively and, as a result, our ability to generate revenues will suffer. We believe that our future success will depend in part upon our ability to anticipate technology shifts, such as the growth in artificial intelligence, and to enhance and develop new products and services that meet or anticipate such technology changes. Any such developments will require continued investment in engineering, capital equipment, marketing, customer service and technical support. For example, we will need to anticipate potential market shifts to more efficient products, alternative power architectures, cooling technologies, and energy storage that could diminish the demand for our existing offerings or affect our margins. Also, our primary global competitors are sophisticated companies with significant resources that may develop superior products and services or may adapt more quickly to new technologies and technology shifts, industry changes or evolving customer requirements, including through strategic partnerships with other participants in the digital infrastructure value chain. If we fail to anticipate technology changes, shifting market needs or keep pace with our competitors products, or if we fail to develop and introduce new products, services or enhancements in a timely manner, we may lose customers and experience decreased or delayed market acceptance and sales of present and future products and services and our ability to generate revenues will suffer. Disruptions to the various information technology and information security systems upon which our operations and our products and our services rely, especially cyber-security incidents, including data security breaches, ransomware or computer viruses, could harm our business, reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely impact our performance. We rely on our IT and information security systems, including AI technology and those of third parties for processing customer orders, shipping products, billing our customers, tracking inventory, supporting finance and accounting functions, financial statement preparation, payroll services, benefit administration, engineering, manufacturing and operations functions, and other general aspects of our business. These information systems, including sensitive data stored or maintained by third parties, may be vulnerable to disruption, downtime, attack or breach that could compromise such information systems, resulting in disruptions or interruptions in our business operations or fraud, ransom attack or theft of our, or our customers' and suppliers', proprietary or sensitive information which could be accessed, publicly disclosed, misused, stolen or lost. This could impede our sales, disrupt or prevent manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions or harm our customers and our suppliers, and the financial costs we could incur to eliminate or alleviate these security risks could be significant and may be difficult to anticipate or measure. Moreover, such a breach could cause reputational and financial harm and subject us to liability to our customers, suppliers, business partners or any affected individual. As our business increasingly interfaces with employees, customers, vendors and suppliers using IT systems and networks, including AI applications, we are subject to an increased risk to the secure operation of these systems and networks. Our evolution into smart products, Internet of Things, the use of AI, business-to-consumer, and e-commerce subjects us to increased cyber and technology risks. The secure operation of our IT systems and networks and ensuring that we have skilled personnel to assist in ensuring continued security, is critical to our business operations and strategy. IT security threats from user error to attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data are increasing in frequency and sophistication. In addition, the products we produce or elements of such products that we procure from third parties and services we provide may contain defects, vulnerabilities, or weaknesses in design, architecture or manufacture, which could lead to system security vulnerabilities in our products, services and compromise the network security of our customers. If an actual or perceived breach of network security occurs, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our products or services, the market perception of the effectiveness of our products or services could be harmed . The manner in which a customer implements or operates the products and services they purchase from us may be contrary to information security or cybersecurity industry best practices or manuals regarding use. Such implementation or improper use may lead to a cybersecurity breach and, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our products or services, the market perception of the effectiveness of our products or services could be harmed. Implementations of new IT, information security systems, and enhancements to our current systems may be costly and disruptive to our operations. Our implementation of new IT, information security systems, and enhancements, including AI, to current systems, including those relating to our enterprise resource plan, human capital management and product lifecycle systems, are costly and have in the past and may in the future be disruptive to our operations, problems, disruptions, delays or other 19 Table of contents issues in the design and implementation of such systems or enhancements adversely impacting our forecasting and planning abilities, and our ability to process customer orders, ship products, provide service and support to our customers, bill and collect in a timely manner from our customers, fulfill contractual obligations, accurately record and transfer information, recognize revenue, file securities, governance and compliance reports in a timely manner or otherwise run our business. If we are unable to successfully design and implement these new systems, enhancements, and processes as planned, if the length of time or costs are greater than anticipated, if they result in further disruptions, or if they do not operate as anticipated, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted. Additionally, the benefits of these new systems may not be realized until they are fully implemented and testing has been completed. We may not realize the expected benefits from any rationalization, restructuring, and improvement efforts that we have taken or may take in the future. We have and continue to undertake rationalization, restructuring, and realignment initiatives to reduce our overall cost base and improve efficiency. There can be no assurance that we will fully realize the benefits of such efforts as anticipated, and we may incur additional and/or unexpected costs to realize them. These actions could yield other unintended consequences, such as distraction of management and employees, business disruption, reduced employee morale and productivity, and unexpected employee attrition, including the inability to attract or retain key personnel. If we fail to achieve the expected benefits of such initiatives and improvement efforts, or if other unforeseen events occur in connection with such efforts, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted. Disruption of, or consolidation or changes in, the markets or operating models of our independent sales representatives, distributors and original equipment manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We rely, in part, on independent sales representatives, distributors, resellers, and original equipment manufacturers for the distribution of our products and services, some of whom operate on an exclusive basis. If the financial condition or operations of these third parties weaken, including as a result of a shift away from the go-to-market operating model they currently follow, and they are unable to successfully market and sell our products, our revenue and gross margins could be adversely affected. In addition, if there are disruptions or consolidation in their markets, such parties may be able to improve their negotiating position and renegotiate historical terms and agreements for the distribution of our products or terminate relationships with us in favor of our competitors. Changes in the negotiating position of such third parties in future periods could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Unanticipated changes in domestic or global tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could cause increased variability in our effective tax rate and negatively impact our financial performance. Variability in the mix and profitability of domestic and international activities, identification and resolution of various tax uncertainties, changes in tax laws and rates or other regulatory actions regarding taxes, including the implementation of any global minimum tax for corporations, and our ability to realize net operating loss and other carryforwards included in deferred tax assets and avoid potential adverse outcomes included in deferred tax liabilities, among other matters, may significantly impact our effective income tax rate in the future. Further, our effective tax rate in any given financial reporting period may be materially impacted by the mix and level of earnings or losses by jurisdiction as well as the discrete recognition of taxable events and exposures. Changes in tax laws and rates or other regulatory actions may significantly impact the positions taken with regard to tax contingencies and we may be subject to audit and review by tax authorities, which may result in future taxes, interest and penalties. Additionally, final laws enacting the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development's global minimum tax framework ("Pillar Two Laws") became effective beginning in 2024 resulting in uncertainty related to its potential implementation in certain countries where we operate, which we continue to monitor. We are regularly subject to audits by tax authorities, and although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes more difficult and may lead to unpredictability in our tax estimates. The results of an audit or litigation could adversely affect our financial statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made and may have negative impacts on future periods as well. Additionally, actions brought by such foreign taxing authorities could impact our licenses, permits, or certifications in that jurisdiction, which could affect our ability to operate in that jurisdiction. If we lost our ability to operate in jurisdictions, especially those where we have manufacturing facilities, our results of operations and financial performance could be materially impacted. 20 Table of contents Any failure of our product offerings could subject us to substantial liability, including product liability claims, which could damage our reputation or the reputation of one or more of our brands. Our product offerings are complex, and our regular testing and quality control efforts may not be effective in controlling or detecting all quality issues or errors, particularly with respect to faulty components manufactured by third parties. Additionally, customer application requirements changing, or using products outside of the originally intended performance envelope, could lead to inadequate testing and/or application failure mode analysis. Defects could expose us to product warranty claims, including substantial expense for the recall and repair or replacement of a product or component, and product liability claims, including liability for personal injury or property damage. We are not generally able to limit or exclude liability for personal injury or property damage to third parties under the laws of most jurisdictions in which we do business, and in the event of such an incident, we could spend significant time, resources and money to resolve. We may be required to pay for losses or injuries purportedly caused by the design, manufacture, installation or operation of our products or by solutions performed by us or third parties. An inability to cure a product defect could result in the failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, delays in customer payments or refusals by our customers to make such payments, increased inventory costs, product reengineering expenses, field service work for quality remediation, and our customers inability to operate their enterprises. Such defects could also negatively impact customer satisfaction and sentiment, generate adverse publicity, reduce future sales opportunities and damage our reputation or the reputation of one or more of our brands. Any of these outcomes could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The global scope of our business poses specific operational risks and challenges, including those relating to disruptive global events and forces, compliance with laws, and enforcement of consistent company-wide standards and procedures; additional or exacerbated risks may exist in emerging markets. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 34,000 people globally and had manufacturing facilities and service centers in the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe, Middle East Africa. We expect that foreign revenue will continue to represent a significant portion of our total revenues. Managing daily global operations requires overcoming cultural and language barriers, assimilating different business practices, creating compensation, employment administrative programs and practices that comply across a spectrum of countries. We also must communicate and monitor company-wide standards and directives across our global network. Our failure to successfully manage our geographically diverse operations and our contractual and regulatory obligations could impair our ability to react quickly to changing business and market conditions and to enforce compliance with company-wide standards and procedures. War and conflict, such as the conflict in the Middle East, the ongoing Russian-Ukraine war, and any associated diplomatic measures or resulting sanctions by the U.S., European Union, and other countries may have a broad range of adverse impacts on global business and financial markets, some of which may have adverse impacts on our business. These include increased inflation, significant market disruptions, increased volatility in commodity prices, the imposition of additional tariffs by the U.S. on certain of its trading partners, which could trigger retaliatory tariffs by those trading partners, and the possibility of additional potential tariffs or other trade restrictions by the U.S. on other jurisdictions. The U.S. government and other governments in jurisdictions in which we operate may impose severe sanctions and export controls. Any sanctions imposed or actions taken by the U.S. or other countries, and any retaliatory measures could increase our costs, reduce our sales and earnings or otherwise have an adverse effect on our operations. These risks may be enhanced in emerging markets, and additional risks not encountered in established countries may also occur, including more frequent foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, foreign state takeovers of our facilities, trade protectionism, state-initiated industry consolidation or other similar government actions or control; difficulty enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; longer collection cycles and financial instability among customers; political or social instability that may hinder our ability to send personnel abroad or cause us to move our operations to facilities in countries with higher costs and less efficiencies; difficulties associated with repatriating earnings generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner, changes in tax laws, or tax inefficiencies; and exposure to wage, price and capital controls, local labor conditions and regulations, including local labor disruptions and rising labor costs which we may be unable to recover in our pricing to customers. Consequently, our exposure to these conditions which may exist in or otherwise impact the emerging markets that we enter may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Serving a global customer base requires that we place more materials, production and service assets in emerging markets to capitalize on market opportunities and maintain our cost position. Emerging geographic markets may be relatively less profitable due to the investments needed to enter such markets and local pricing pressures, and we may have difficulty establishing and maintaining the operating infrastructure necessary to support the high growth rates associated with some of those markets. Manufacturers in countries that have lower production costs, such as China and 21 Table of contents India, may become competitors in key emerging markets and could offer their products in established markets. These actions may have a negative effect on our pricing, market share and operating results in these markets. In addition, foreign governments may decide to implement tax and other policies that favor their domestic manufacturers at the expense of international manufacturers. Similarly, the potential imposition of retaliatory tariffs or additional tariffs or modifications of free-trade agreements by the U.S. on other countries or regions, could increase our cost of doing business internationally, perhaps significantly, and may lead to further challenges for us in the various foreign markets in which we operate. Any failure by us to identify, manage, integrate and complete acquisitions, divestitures, investments and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business and prospects. As part of our business strategy, we have in the past and may in the future acquire businesses, interests in businesses, including non-controlling interests, or form joint ventures, create strategic alliances, or choose to invest in early-stage companies. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from such activities depends, in part, upon the successful integration between the businesses involved, the performance and development of the underlying products, capabilities or technologies, our correct assessment of the success and growth of emerging companies, including their underlying products, capabilities or technologies, or assumed liabilities and the management of the operations. Accordingly, our financial results could be adversely affected by unanticipated performance and liability issues, our failure to achieve synergies and other benefits we expected to obtain, transaction-related charges, amortization related to intangibles, and charges for impairment of long-term assets. Our ability to realize the expected synergies and benefits of an acquisition or investment includes, among other things, our ability to complete the timely integration of operations and systems, organizations, standards, controls, technologies, policies, and procedures, adequately protecting against downside risk of an investment or inability to realize on upside success, difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the combination or investment; and difficulties in managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger and more complex combined business. With any acquisition or divestiture, we may encounter unexpected integration or divestiture-related costs, fail to realize all the benefits anticipated or be subject to other factors that adversely affect preliminary estimates. In addition, even if the operations of the two businesses are integrated or divested successfully, the full benefits of the acquisition or divestiture may not be realized, including the synergies, cost savings or sales or growth opportunities that we expect. The occurrence of any of these events, individually or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on the combined or remaining business s financial condition and operating results. Additionally, achieving benefits of any acquisition or divestiture may require certain related one-time costs, charges and expenses, which may be material and have not yet been quantified. We expect to incur significant, non-recurring costs in connection with consummating acquisitions or divestitures, combining the operations of target companies or separating the operations of divested businesses, and achieving desired synergies and cost savings. These fees and costs may be substantial. No assurances can be made that the costs of achieving the anticipated cost synergies will not rise materially, or that synergies will be realized in the amounts expected, in the timeframes we currently anticipate, or at all. We can provide no assurance that we will be successful in generating growth, maintaining or increasing our cash flows or profitability or achieving cost savings and revenue enhancements in connection with the items reflected by these adjustments, and our inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial position. Our operations depend on production facilities, including the expansion of existing facilities and opening of new facilities, throughout the world, which subjects us to varying degrees of risk of disrupted production. We operate manufacturing facilities worldwide and continue to expand and open new facilities in different locales. Our manufacturing facilities and operations could be disrupted by natural disasters, labor strikes, shortages in suppliers, components and parts, war, political unrest, terrorist activity, economic upheaval, changes in governmental regulations, including but not limited to regulations regarding taxes, tariffs, custom duties, restricted and/or sanctioned parties, government mandated shutdowns or shelter in place orders, or public health concerns. Some of these conditions are more likely in certain geographic regions in which we operate. Any such disruption could cause delays in the manufacture and/or shipments of products, performance of services, and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not adequately compensate for losses. 22 Table of contents Legal and Regulatory Risks Future legislation and regulation could disrupt our customers markets resulting in declines in sales volume and prices of our products and otherwise having an adverse effect on our business operations and performance. Various laws and governmental regulations, both in the U.S. and abroad, governing Internet-related services, related communications services, information technologies, artificial intelligence, and the construction and location of data centers and other critical infrastructure remain largely unsettled, even in areas where there has been some legislative action. There are anticipated regulations forthcoming in the U.S. and other countries where our customers operate in the areas of cybersecurity, data privacy and data security, artificial intelligence, and critical infrastructure construction, permitting and energy consumption, any of which could impact us and our customers. Future legislation and regulation could impose additional costs on our business, disrupt our customers markets or require us to make changes in our operations which could adversely affect our operations and performance. Any failure to comply with evolving data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or to otherwise protect personal data, may adversely impact our business and financial results. We regularly move data across borders to operate, and consequently are subject to a number of continuously evolving and developing privacy and data protection laws and regulations both domestically and around the world, including, the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") in Europe, the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 ("CPRA") in the U.S., and the Personal Information Protection Law ("PIPL") in China. These laws impose numerous, and oftentimes differing, obligations on data controllers and processors. Breaches could result in substantial fines, regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease/change our use of data, enforcement notices, and potential civil claims including class action type litigation. We seek to comply with and abide by all laws and regulations to which we are subject and devote significant time and resources to our compliance efforts. Despite such efforts, there is a risk that we may be subject to fines and penalties, litigation and reputational harm if we fail to properly process or protect the data or privacy of third parties or comply with data privacy and data protection regimes. Our international operations expose us to specific legal compliance issues relating to anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various other international jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with those regulations could adversely impact our business. We are subject to various anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), which prohibit payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate in several less-developed regions that are recognized as having a greater risk of potentially corrupt business environments and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-corruption laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Our legal compliance and ethics programs and policies, including our code of business conduct, existing policies on anti-bribery, export controls, environmental and other legal compliance, and periodic training on these matters, mandate compliance with anti-corruption laws and are designed to reduce the likelihood of a compliance violation. In the event that we have reason to believe that our employees or business partners have or may have violated applicable laws, regulations or policies, including anti-corruption laws, we are required to investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, which can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. Nevertheless, such a violation could still occur, disrupting our business through fines, penalties, diversion of internal resources, negative publicity and possibly severe criminal or civil sanctions. We are subject to governmental export and import controls and sanction programs that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets. We, and certain of our products (including components of such products), are subject to applicable import laws, export controls and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including rule changes, evolving enforcement practices, and other government actions. Changes in import and export control or trade sanctions laws, the imposition of tariffs on certain U.S. trading partners, the potential for or imposition of retaliatory tariffs, or the potential for or imposition of additional tariffs or other trade restrictions, including potential control from China on rare earth elements, may increase our costs, and may restrict our business practices, including cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries or with sanctioned entities, and may result in claims for breach of existing contracts and modifications to existing compliance programs and training schedules. While we train our employees to comply with these regulations and have systems in place designed to prevent failure of compliance, we cannot provide assurance that a violation will not occur, whether knowingly or inadvertently. Violations may result in penalties, including fines, debarments from export and import privileges, and loss of authorizations or certifications needed to conduct aspects of our international business, and may harm our ability to enter into contracts with our customers and suppliers who have contracts with the U.S. government. A violation of the laws and regulations enumerated above could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 23 Table of contents Changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies, including additional tariffs or global trade conflicts, could increase the cost of our products, which could adversely impact the competitiveness of our products. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and various other countries with respect to trade policies and tariffs. For example, the current U.S. administration has instituted substantial changes to U.S. foreign trade policy with respect to China and other countries, including a significant increase i