=== VRT_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Risk Factor Summary Investing in Vertiv s common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all information in this Annual Report prior to investing in Vertiv common stock. These risks are discussed more fully in the section titled Item 1A. Risk Factors. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: Customer and Industry Risks: A decrease in continued growth of our customers markets; The long sales cycles for certain Vertiv products and solutions offerings, as well as unpredictable placing or canceling of customer orders; Failure to realize sales expected from our backlog of orders and contracts; Disruption of or consolidation in our customers markets, or categorical shifts in customer technology spending; Less leverage with large customer contract terms; Failure to mitigate risks associated with long-term fixed price contracts; We operate in a highly competitive environment; Failure to obtain performance and other guarantees from financial institutions; Government contracts may contain onerous terms and subject us to audits, investigations, and potential penalties, sanctions, or fines; Business Operational Risks: The risks associated with production cost changes and supply chain management; The risks associated with failing to anticipate market changes and develop competitive products in a timely manner; Risks associated with IT disruption or cyber-security incidents; Risks associated with the implementation and enhancement of information systems; Failure to realize the expected benefit from any rationalization, restructuring, and improvement efforts; Disruption of, or changes in, our independent sales representatives, distributors and original equipment manufacturers; Increase of variability in our effective tax rate due to global operations subjecting us to income and other taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign entities; Costs or liabilities associated with product liability and damage to our reputation and brands; The global scope of our operations, especially in emerging markets; Any failure to benefit from future significant corporate transactions; The risks associated with operating and expanding global production facilities; Legal and Regulatory Risks: Risks associated with future legislation and regulation of our customers markets; Our ability to comply with various laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to data protection and data privacy; Failure to properly address legal compliance issues, particularly those related to imports/exports, anti-corruption laws, and foreign operations; The risks associated with export controls, import restrictions, and sanctions programs; Risks associated with foreign trade policies, including tariffs or global trade conflicts; Risks associated with litigation or claims against the Company, including the risk of adverse outcomes in any such legal claims or proceedings; Our ability to protect or enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights on which our business depends and risk of third-party intellectual property infringement claims; Liabilities associated with environmental, health and safety matters; Risks related to various environmental and sustainability- related matters, metrics and goals which may impact our business and reputation; Financial Related Risks: Failure to realize the value of goodwill and intangible assets; Exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; Failure to remediate material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting ; Our level of indebtedness and ability to comply with covenants included in our debt documents; 4 Table of contents Our ability to access funds through capital markets; Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Securities: Resales of our securities may cause volatility in the market price of our securities; Provisions contained in our organizational documents that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals; A forum selection clause included in our Certificate of Incorporation, which could discourage or limit stockholders ability to make a claim against us; The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends; General Risk Factors: Risks associated with global macroeconomics conditions in the areas in which we operate; Our ability to attract, train and retain key members of its leadership team and other qualified personnel; The adequacy of our insurance coverage; Fluctuations in interest rates materially affecting our financial results and increasing the risk our counterparties default on our interest rate hedges; Our incurrence of significant costs and devotion of substantial management time as a result of operating as a public company. The discussion of risk factors contained in Item 1A. Risk Factors herein includes forward-looking statements. These risks, which may be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those described herein, may impact our actual financial condition, operating results and prospects, and are important to understanding other statements included in this Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impact our business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, in whole or in part, our business, operating results, financial condition, cash flows, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected and vary materially from past, or anticipated future, results. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Because of the risk factors included herein, as well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 5 Table of contents PART I. (Dollars in millions except for per share data and as otherwise noted) Item 1. Business Overview Vertiv is a global leader in critical digital infrastructure for applications in data centers, communication networks, and commercial and industrial environments. As businesses, industries, and communities become more connected, we pioneer and deliver end-to-end power and cooling technologies to help our customers stay resilient, optimized, and future-ready. With our industry-leading innovative technologies and global services network, we are fueling the revolution of the digital world keeping technology ecosystems running efficiently and without interruption. We believe that Vertiv is supercharging data s potential; accelerating the pace of technology, raising the bar for accelerated compute and redefining the limits of densification. The world depends on data we power and cool . Our Company Our roots trace back to 1946 and the beginning of the information age, when Ralph Liebert founded the precursor to the Liebert Corporation, which was established in 1965 as the industry s first manufacturer of computer room air conditioning. In 1987, Liebert was acquired by Emerson Electric Co, which later formed its Network Power business in 2000 to integrate critical infrastructure technologies, including Liebert and previously acquired ASCO, a provider of power transfer switches, under one brand. Over the next decade, Emerson Network Power expanded through acquisitions of Avansys, Marconi s outside plant and power system; Knurr AG, a leading provider of enclosure systems; and Avocent, a leading provider of IT management software and keyboard, video and mouse (or "KVM") solutions. In 2016, Emerson Network Power was spun off as a standalone business and ultimately became Vertiv. Vertiv became publicly-traded on February 7, 2020, with its shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:VRT), through a business combination with GS Acquisition Holdings Corp ( GSAH ), a special purpose acquisition company later renamed Vertiv Holdings Co (the "Business Combination"). Our Business Vertiv has the most complete portfolio of critical digital infrastructure offerings. We design, manufacture, sell, install, maintain, and service critical digital infrastructure technologies and rapidly deployable customized solutions to meet the specific business requirements and needs of a diverse group of customers. Vertiv leads with first-to-market designs engineered for next-gen rack-scale artificial intelligence ("AI") compute enabling transformation and scale to stay multiple compute generations ahead. Our global footprint comprises engineering, manufacturing, operations, sales and service locations in more than 40 countries across the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe, Middle East Africa. We provide the hardware, software and services to facilitate an increasingly interconnected marketplace of digital systems, where large amounts of indispensable data need to be transmitted, analyzed, processed and stored. Whether this growing quantity of data is managed centrally in hyperscale/cloud locations, distributed at the edge of the network, processed in an enterprise location or managed via a hybrid platform, the underpinnings and operations of all those locations rely on our critical digital infrastructure and services. Our broad range of offerings includes AC and DC power management, thermal management, low/medium voltage switchgear, busbar, air cooled and liquid cooled thermal management products, integrated modular solutions, racks, single phase UPS, rack power distribution, rack thermal systems, configurable integrated solutions, energy storage solutions, hardware, software for managing IT equipment and services. These comprehensive offerings are integral to the reliable operation of technologies used to support applications that include AI, e-commerce, online banking, file sharing, video on-demand, energy storage, wireless communications, Internet of Things and online gaming. In addition, through our global services network, we provide lifecycle management services, predictive analytics and professional services for deploying, maintaining and optimizing these products and their related systems. Our most prominent brands include Vertiv, Liebert, NetSure, Geist, Energy Labs, ERS, Alb r, and Avocent. We manage our business across three reportable segments based on our main geographic regions the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe, Middle East Africa. For the year ended December 31, 2025, Vertiv s net sales was $10,229.9, of which 62% was transacted in the Americas; 20% was transacted in Asia Pacific; and 18% was transacted in Europe, Middle East Africa. This compares with net sales for the year ended December 31, 2024 of $8,011.8, of which 56% was transacted in the Americas, 22% was transacted in Asia Pacific, and 22% in Europe, Middle East Africa. 6 Table of contents Backlog Vertiv s estimated combined order backlog was $15.0 billion and $7.2 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, as continued strong demand has contributed to an increase in customer orders being placed in advance of our ability to fulfill them. The backlog consists of product and services for which a customer purchase order or purchase commitment has been received and which has not yet been delivered. Orders may be subject to cancellation or rescheduling by the customer. The majority of the combined backlog as of December 31, 2025 is considered firm and is expected to be shipped within the next 12 to 18 months. We do not believe that Vertiv s backlog estimates as of any date are necessarily indicative of our net sales for any future period. Additionally, our current backlog estimates are subject to a number of risks, as further detailed in Item 1A. Risk factors Risks relating to our customers and our industry We may not realize all of the sales expected from our backlog of orders and contracts. Strategic Priorities Our businesses are focused on the following strategic priorities: Maintain Customer Focus Enhance the customer experience through best in-class tools, commercial, technical, delivery, and service execution. Nurture strong customer relationships. Create superior customer value enabling demand and margin expansion. Achieve Operational Excellence Continuous process improvement mindset to achieve speed, efficiency, efficacy, and scalability. Achieve pervasive and efficient development and deployment of advanced IT tools and automation. Adopt a rigorous management operating process and cadence. Build a High-Performance Culture Foster a culture of accountability, collaboration, and speed. Develop a widespread sense of urgency and reward performance. Deliver on commitments and execute agreed plans rooted in performance achievement, talent development and growth mindset. Foster Innovation Be a market leader in our technology and service domains and continue to differentiate through our new products. Develop and introduce processes with effectiveness and velocity. Develop system-level strength that leverages our unique product and services portfolio. Reinforce Financial Strength Achieve long- and short-term margin and profit expansion combined with using operational leverage. Drive cash and balance sheet strength through rigorous resource allocation and management. Generate profitable growth and focus on continuous variable margin optimization and develop superior pricing capabilities. Our Customers Our customers operate in some of the world's most critical industries. We primarily serve customers across three main end markets: (1) data centers (including hyperscale/cloud, colocation, neocloud and enterprise), (2) communication networks and (3) commercial and industrial applications. Data Centers : Data centers are purpose-built facilities that enable the processing, storage, and distribution of data across both traditional workloads and high-density compute, including AI training and inference. There are a host of different sizes and types of data centers, but they can be broken down into the following primary classifications: Cloud/Hyperscale: These facilities are large in scale, can span multiple acres and are primarily used to support cloud applications. This portion of the industry is growing rapidly with drivers such as adoption of cloud-based data services and AI workloads. Examples of companies in this space include Microsoft, Amazon Web Services, and Google Cloud. Colocation: These facilities range in size and offer clients a location where they can place their IT equipment, while the building and critical digital infrastructure is owned by the colocation company. This portion of the industry is on a significant growth trajectory. Examples of companies in this space include Digital Realty, Equinix, Compass, and QTS. 7 Table of contents Neocloud: These providers deliver AI-optimized cloud infrastructure as a service, offering high-performance compute environments designed for AI and accelerated workloads. This segment is growing rapidly, driven by AI training and inference demand and customers seeking alternatives to traditional hyperscale platforms. Examples of companies in this space include CoreWeave and Nebius. Enterprise: This classification refers to the Fortune 1000 scale businesses that have their own on-premises data centers. The growth of the enterprise market, based on data centers and square footage, has generally been flat for the past three years. Examples of companies in this space include Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, Walmart and Allianz. Communication Networks: This space is comprised of wireline, wireless, and broadband companies. These companies create content and are ultimately responsible for distributing voice, video, and data to businesses and consumers. They deliver this data through an intricate network of wireline and wireless mediums. Additionally, some of these companies locations act as data centers where the data is delivered, processed and stored. This sector has a generally low single-digit growth profile and generally aligned with telecom capex investment and new mobile deployment cycles. Commercial and Industrial: This space is comprised of commercial and industrial environments where our products keep critical systems running. Examples include transportation, manufacturing, and oil and gas. These applications are growing in their need for intelligent infrastructure and may be regulated or need to satisfy some level of compliance. The growth in this area generally aligns with changes in gross domestic product, and can be further driven by increased automation and digitalization in both light and heavy industrial application environments. We engage these industries and end users through our global network of direct sales professionals, independent sales representatives, channel partners and original equipment manufacturers. Many of our installations are completed in collaboration with our customers and we work with them from the initial planning phase through delivery and servicing of the completed solution. This depth of interaction supports key customer relationships, sometimes spanning multiple decades. Our Offerings We design, manufacture and service critical digital infrastructure technology primarily for data centers, communication networks and commercial and industrial environments. Our principal offerings include products and service spares. Products We identify delivery of products as performance obligations. Such products include AC and DC power management, thermal management, low/medium voltage switchgear, busbar, air cooled and liquid cooled thermal management products, integrated modular solutions, racks, single phase UPS, rack power distribution, rack thermal systems, configurable integrated solutions, energy storage solutions, hardware, and software for managing IT equipment. Services spares Global services include both pre-sale and after-sales services, for example, preventative maintenance, project management, acceptance testing, engineering and consulting, performance assessments, remote monitoring, specialized fluid management, training, spare parts, and critical digital infrastructure software. We provide consistent service delivery for critical facilities in all regions of the world with service provided by knowledgeable, local specialists. Regular service of critical equipment supports maximum uptime and often reduces total cost of ownership for customers. We provide full support of critical digital infrastructures when and where our customers need us. Vertiv services are used primarily in data centers, communications facilities, government agencies, utilities, and industrial plants. Across the globe, we operate over 300 service centers and deploy approximately 5,000 service engineers. Competition The majority of our competitors target a specific offering or a specific geographic location. Competition in our markets is primarily on the basis of reliability, quality, price, service and customer relationships. Across our three geographic segments, we encounter two principal types of competitors: niche players (e.g., Delta Electronics, Inc., Stulz GmbH, Johnson Controls International PLC, and Socomec Holding SA) and large-scale global competitors (e.g., Schneider Electric, S.E., Eaton Corporation Plc, Legrand SA, and Huawei Investment Holding Co., Ltd.) We believe we differentiate ourselves through: (i) application expertise and customer collaboration to envision and build future-ready infrastructure; (ii) most complete portfolio and continual innovation; (iii) proven superior reliability and quality; (iv) truly global presence and ability to scale for our customers' operating flexibility and resilience; and (v) our industry-leading global service network to safeguard uptime and support. 8 Table of contents Sales and Marketing Our customers are located across the globe. We go to market through multiple channels to ensure that we map our coverage to our customers buying behaviors and preferences. Our primary selling method is direct sales, and we have approximately 3,000 salespeople located around the world. We also utilize a robust network of channel partners, distributors, IT resellers, and value-added retailers. This network helps extend our global reach to all corners of the world. Customer Service and Support We ensure continuous uptime of our customers operations so they can perform at their peak and maximize resources. There are five key characteristics that differentiate Vertiv s customer service and support from competitors: Expertise : For over 50 years, Vertiv s long-tenured service personnel have been trusted advisors to industry leaders and companies of all sizes. Reliability Safety : We provide around the clock, direct access to approximately 5,000 field services engineers and approximately 400 technical support team members. Response Time : Vertiv boasts a first-time fix rate of more than 90% during site emergency visits, allowing customers to quickly gain assistance wherever and whenever. Global Coverage : We provide a standardized support approach across the globe with more than 300 service centers, keeping our customer sites connected. Broad Capabilities : Vertiv offers customers a complete lifecycle of capabilities such as project launch, remote monitoring, on-site project management, energy consumption management and preventive maintenance. Engineering, Research and Development We are committed to outpacing our competitors and being first to market with new product developments and improvements. In 2025, Vertiv spent $441.7 on engineering, research and development ( ER D ). We focus our ER D budget on new product innovation and engineering continuous improvement. Our global product leaders manage global product lines and engineering organizations with the goal to remain ahead of market trends by leveraging input from our customers, regions, and technology partners. These global groups are also supported by in-region product and engineering teams which are responsible for understanding and adapting our offerings to local market and customer requirements. These teams work closely with our sales and service network, enabling us to obtain and act upon customer feedback to continuously improve our offerings. Facilities, Operations, Raw Materials and Supply Chain Our ability to serve our customers on both a global and local level is a key success factor, and we have built, and continue to expand, our manufacturing and operations footprint and capacity with that principle in mind. We have significant manufacturing and operations facilities in the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe, Middle East Africa. This well-diversified global network of facilities allows for optimized manufacturing costs, capacity to meet demand, and working capital optimization. Our manufacturing facilities are supported by regional engineering and configuration centers where, if our customers desire, we can tailor our products to the local market and to a given customer s specific requirements. We obtain raw materials and supplies from a variety of sources and generally from more than one supplier. We have established a robust supply chain that is complementary to our manufacturing and operations footprint. In addition to providing high quality service to our customers, we follow a diversification strategy to avoid over concentration or a significant dependence on a particular supplier or region. Despite this strategy, it is possible that we may from time to time experience critical part shortages which may drive the need for additional spot buys at increased costs, as well as increased costs associated with premium freight to meet customer commitments. Additionally, logistical issues, import or export restrictions or other supply chain constraints may delay the receipt of materials and, in some cases, we may not be able to procure critical parts at any price, creating production and delivery challenges pressuring the top and bottom line. We continue to take action to enhance our supply chain, such as qualifying new suppliers, and advancing our pricing plan. Vertiv Operating System The Vertiv Operating System ( VOS ) leverages a proven foundational approach to operational excellence and executes it at scale to drive greater efficiency, quality, competitive advantage and superior customer experience. Our enterprise approach is articulated in four main pillars: the deployment of the operating system through pervasive lean techniques propagation; the development of an accountable, lean organization aligned to vertical strategic objectives; the creation 9 Table of contents and maintenance of a simple yet robust global operating model; and the empowerment of the organization to drive day-by-day continuous improvement as well as complex business process transformation. Building on this foundation, we have further strengthened our operating model through the development of a comprehensive performance management system and key performance indicator framework. This framework ensures discipline performance monitoring, promptly identifies deviations, and accelerates agile problem-solving and corrective actions through clear ownership and accountability across the organization. In parallel, we have fostered lean deployment across the organization through a widely adopted Lean Six Sigma belt certification program, providing employees with a common knowledge base, tools, and discipline to drive transformation more autonomously while ensuring consistency, coordination, and rigor. To accelerate lean maturity and embed a high-performance culture, we have also launched a new enhanced VOS capability framework across our manufacturing sites, reinforcing standard work, leadership behaviors and operational excellence practices. In addition, we are progressing toward the establishment of an enterprise Transformation Office that provides a fully integrated and cross-functional end-to-end management for our transformation agenda, encompassing IT enablement including advanced digital and AI capabilities and supported by dedicated resources. Finally, we have reinforced our customer-centric approach by bringing together order-to-cash and order-to-fulfillment under a unified end-to-end ownership model. This integration strengthens coordination across functions and manufacturing sites, improves customer order management, and ensures that customer experience remains at the center of our operational and transformation efforts. Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 34,000 full-time and part-time employees. Approximately 41% of our employees are in our manufacturing operations. Our Culture Our high-performance culture creates an environment where employees are empowered to collaborate, learn, and teach others through their experiences. We seek people with high integrity who put a premium on learning through experience and those who embrace our core principles, which include safety, integrity and respect, and we expect our employees to emulate and display our core behaviors, which include fostering a customer-first mindset, leading by example and driving continuous improvement. Investing in our People Our employees are critical to achieving our business objectives and investing in them is a key component to success. We offer leadership development programs for employees at the early career levels in finance, human resources, sales, services and engineering. We also offer customized programs for target populations to further develop their professional skills, and specialized partnership programs with local universities that lead to obtaining bachelor's and/or master's degrees in technology. Our offerings include: Finance, Human Resources, Sales, Engineering, and Field Services Leadership Development Rotational Programs for early-career employees based in the Americas, Asia, India, Europe, Middle-East, and Africa reporting units. Specialized partnership programs with local universities in India, United States, and China for high-potential engineers to earn a post-secondary bachelor and/or a graduate degree. Focus development for identified high-potential leaders in early-, mid-, senior-, and leadership-ready positions across multiple functions globally that focus on training in the areas of operational and strategic thinking, offers the opportunity to participate and lead global projects, and obtain global networking and visibility to executive leadership. New rotational programs for mid and senior level employees launched in 2025 to focus on accelerating the development for employees who desire to become General Managers and Operational leaders. Specialized training for employees based in our support hubs, located in the Philippines, United States, India, and Romania, around key business skills including customer service, finance fundamentals and customer service mindset. Leadership training courses were created and launched in 2025 globally to support early and mid-career managers. Content focuses on Vertiv's high performance culture and our leadership philosophy. 10 Table of contents VOS training is delivered globally. This training, known as VOS Academy, is conducted virtually for salaried employees and all hourly employees receive training at our global manufacturing sites. Our Strategy We are committed to attracting, hiring and developing the best and brightest talent and focus significant resources on supporting and managing our global employee population. We believe that we offer our employees competitive pay packages and a broad range of company-paid benefits, and recognize that our success is based in large part on the talents and dedication of those we employ. Vertiv Career Framework: This framework is intended to highli