=== TKO_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report and our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from those implied by forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference herein completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we have no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 4 Table of Contents DEFINITION S As used in this Annual Report, unless we state otherwise or the context otherwise requires: we, us, our, TKO Group Holdings, TKO, the Company, and similar references refer (1) prior to the consummation of the TKO Transactions to Zuffa (each as defined below), and (2) after the consummation of the TKO Transactions to TKO Group Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Acquired Businesses refers to the businesses we acquired in the Endeavor Asset Acquisition. Board refers to the board of directors of TKO Group Holdings. business combination refers to the combination of the businesses of WWE and TKO OpCo. Class A common stock refers to the Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of TKO. Class B common stock refers to the Class B common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of TKO. DGCL refers to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. EGH Parties refers to Endeavor OpCo and IMG Worldwide, LLC. Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., Endeavor or EGH refers to Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Endeavor Asset Acquisition refers to our acquisition, from affiliates of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., of the IMG business, including certain businesses operating under the IMG brand, On Location and Professional Bull Riders ( PBR ). The Endeavor Asset Acquisition was accounted for as a common control acquisition and was consummated on February 28, 2025. Endeavor OpCo refers to Endeavor Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of Endeavor. Endeavor Take-Private refers to the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2024, by and among Wildcat EGH Holdco, L.P., Wildcat OpCo Holdco, L.P., Wildcat PubCo Merger Sub, Inc., Wildcat Manager Merger Sub, L.L.C., Wildcat OpCo Merger Sub, L.L.C., Endeavor Executive Holdco, LLC, Endeavor Executive II Holdco, LLC, Endeavor Executive PIU Holdco, LLC, Endeavor Manager, LLC, Endeavor OpCo and Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., pursuant to which affiliates of Silver Lake agreed to acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. s stock that Silver Lake did not already own (subject to certain exceptions). The Endeavor Take-Private was completed on March 24, 2025. fully-diluted basis means on a basis calculated assuming the full cash exercise (and not net settlement but, for the avoidance of doubt, including the conversion of the Convertible Notes (to the extent not converted prior to closing of the TKO Transactions)) of all outstanding options, warrants, restricted stock units, performance stock units, dividend equivalent rights and other rights and obligations (including any promised equity awards and assuming the full issuance of the shares underlying such awards) to acquire voting interests of TKO Group Holdings (without regard to any vesting provisions and, with respect to any promised awards whose issuance is conditioned in full or in part based on achievement of performance goals or metrics, assuming achievement at target performance) and the full conversion, exercise, exchange, settlement of all issued and outstanding securities convertible into or exercisable, exchangeable or settleable for voting interests of TKO Group Holdings, not including any voting interests of TKO Group Holdings reserved for issuance pursuant to future awards under any option, equity bonus, share purchase or other equity incentive plan or arrangement of TKO Group Holdings (other than promised awards described above), and any other interests or shares, as applicable, that may be issued or exercised. For the avoidance of doubt, this definition assumes no net settlement or other reduction in respect of withholding tax obligations in connection with the issuance, conversion, exercise, exchange or settlement of such rights or obligations to acquire interests of TKO Group Holdings as described in the foregoing. NYSE refers to the New York Stock Exchange. Services Agreement means the services agreement dated as of September 12, 2023, by and between Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. and TKO OpCo. On the closing date of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition, the Services Agreement was terminated, and the Transition Services Agreement was entered into with Endeavor OpCo and the other parties thereto. Silver Lake refers to (a) any funds, partnerships, co-investment entities, managed accounts and other investment vehicles affiliated with, or managed, advised, sponsored or controlled by, Silver Lake Group, L.L.C. or one or more of its Affiliates and (b) any Person controlled by or under common control with one or more of the foregoing. TKO OpCo refers to TKO Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Zuffa Parent LLC), a Delaware limited liability company and our direct subsidiary. 5 Table of Contents TKO OpCo Units refers to all of the existing equity interests in TKO OpCo. TKO Transactions refer, collectively, to the combination of the businesses of UFC and WWE under TKO Group Holdings, Inc. consummated in September 2023. The transactions were in accordance with the Transaction Agreement (defined below) (i) WWE undertook certain internal restructuring steps; (ii) Whale Merger Sub Inc. merged with and into WWE (the Merger ), with WWE surviving the Merger (the Surviving Entity ) and becoming a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; (iii) immediately following the Merger, the Company caused the Surviving Entity to be converted into a Delaware limited liability company ( WWE LLC ) and the Company became the sole managing member of WWE LLC (the Conversion ); and (iv) following the Conversion, TKO Group Holdings, Inc. (x) contributed all of the equity interests of WWE LLC to TKO OpCo in exchange for 49% of the membership interests in TKO OpCo on a fully diluted basis, and (y) issued to Endeavor OpCo and certain of Endeavor s other subsidiaries a number of shares of our Class B common stock representing, in the aggregate, approximately 51% of the total voting interests of the Company s stock on a fully-diluted basis, in exchange for a payment equal to the par value of such Class B common stock. Transaction Agreement refers to the transaction agreement, dated as of April 2, 2023, by and among Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., Endeavor OpCo, TKO OpCo, WWE, TKO Group Holdings, and Whale Merger Sub Inc. Transition Services Agreement refers to the transition services agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and between Endeavor OpCo, IMG Worldwide, LLC, Trans World International, LLC ( TWI ), TKO OpCo and TKO Group Holdings. UFC refers to the Ultimate Fighting Championship. WWE refers to World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (n/k/a World Wrestling Entertainment, LLC). Zuffa refers to Zuffa Parent, LLC (n/k/a TKO Operating Company, LLC or TKO OpCo). 6 Table of Contents RISK FACTOR SUMMA RY Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our securities. Principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: our ability to generate revenue from discretionary and corporate spending on events, such as corporate sponsorships and advertising, is subject to many factors, including many that are beyond our control, such as general macroeconomic conditions; we depend on key relationships with television and cable networks, satellite providers, digital streaming partners and other distribution partners. Our failure to maintain, renew or replace key agreements could adversely affect our ability to distribute our media content, and/or other of our goods and services, which could adversely affect our operating results; we may not be able to adapt to or manage new content distribution platforms or changes in consumer behavior resulting from new technologies; we may be unsuccessful in our strategic acquisitions, investments and commercial agreements, and we may pursue acquisitions, investments or commercial agreements for their strategic value in spite of the risk of lack of profitability; because our success depends substantially on our ability to maintain a professional reputation, adverse publicity concerning us, or our key personnel could adversely affect our business; the markets in which we operate are highly competitive, rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented, both within the United States and internationally, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could adversely affect our operating results; failure to protect our IT Systems and Confidential Information (both terms as defined in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors") against breakdowns, security breaches, and other cybersecurity risks could result in financial penalties, legal liability, and/or reputational harm, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition; we are subject to extensive U.S. and foreign governmental regulations, and our failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business; we depend on the continued services of executive management and other key employees. The loss or diminished performance of these individuals could adversely affect our business; changes in public and consumer tastes and preferences and industry trends could reduce demand for our content offerings and adversely affect our business; owning and managing events for which we sell media and sponsorship rights, ticketing and hospitality exposes us to greater financial risk. Additionally, we may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events if we do not comply with applicable regulations. If our live events are not financially successful, our business could be adversely affected; our business and operating results may be affected by the outcome of pending and future litigation, investigations, claims and other disputes; we have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business, and we cannot be certain that additional financing will be available on reasonable terms when required, or at all; we are a holding company whose principal assets are the TKO OpCo Units we hold in TKO OpCo and, accordingly, we are dependent upon distributions from TKO OpCo to pay taxes and other expenses; we are currently controlled by Silver Lake through its ownership and control of Endeavor. The interests of Endeavor or Silver Lake may differ from the interests of other stockholders of TKO Group Holdings; if Endeavor or its subsidiaries sell a controlling interest in us to a third party in a private transaction, we may become subject to the control of a presently unknown third party; we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition; the market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and holders of our Class A common stock may be unable to resell their Class A common stock at or above their purchase price or at all; we cannot guarantee we will conduct share repurchases or pay dividends in any specified amounts or particular frequency; tax matters may cause significant variability in our financial results; and TKO OpCo may be required to pay additional taxes as a result of the partnership audit rules. 7 Table of Contents PA RT I It em 1. Business TKO is a premium sports and entertainment company. TKO's businesses include UFC, the world s premier mixed martial arts ( MMA ) organization; WWE, the global leader in sports entertainment; Professional Bull Riders ( PBR ), the world s premier bull riding organization; and its joint venture Zuffa Boxing, a professional boxing promotion. Together, these properties reach more than 1 billion households across 210 countries and territories and organize more than 500 live events year-round, attracting more than three million fans. TKO also services and partners with major sports rights holders through IMG, an industry-leading global sports marketing agency; and On Location, a global leader in premium experiential hospitality. TKO was initially established through the combination of UFC and WWE in September 2023. The combination of these two businesses united two complementary sports and sports entertainment properties in a single company. We significantly expanded our portfolio on February 28, 2025, when we completed the Endeavor Asset Acquisition, pursuant to which we acquired the IMG business, including certain businesses operating under the IMG brand, On Location, and PBR (collectively, the Acquired Businesses ) from EGH and its subsidiaries. The transaction was valued at approximately $3.25 billion plus a $50 million purchase price adjustment (based on the volume-weighted average sales price of TKO s Class A common stock for the twenty-five trading days ending on October 23, 2024), and was satisfied through the issuance of 26.54 million common units of TKO OpCo and an equivalent number of corresponding shares of TKO Class B common stock to the EGH Parties. This acquisition expanded TKO's operational capabilities across the sports landscape. We combine premier intellectual property ownership (UFC, WWE, PBR) with extensive capabilities in media rights distribution (IMG) and premium hospitality experiences (On Location), allowing us to maximize value across our assets and provide premier services to global rights holders and strategic partners. We believe TKO s businesses are well-positioned among sports, media and entertainment peers given our comprehensive portfolio of premium intellectual property, global media distribution capabilities, and experiential offerings. The addition of IMG, a global leader in sports, events, and media, and On Location, a premium experiential hospitality provider for marquee global events, significantly expands our engagement with our global fanbase. Finally, PBR provides us with additional live event programming and media content. In total, our combined portfolio allows us to engage fans across the entire sports ecosystem, from media consumption to premium live event experiences. Our management team has deep expertise in sports, media, and live events. Ariel Emanuel serves as CEO and Executive Chair and Mark Shapiro serves as President and COO at TKO. They each have decades of experience founding, acquiring, and scaling sports and entertainment businesses, including UFC, which Endeavor acquired in 2016 and subsequently executed a strategy that drove substantial value creation for shareholders. TKO's leadership team brings deep institutional and operational knowledge to our business, and we believe their proven track record of performance positions us to successfully execute organic and inorganic growth opportunities at TKO. We view this as a key competitive advantage within the dynamic sports and entertainment landscape. 8 Table of Contents The Company monetizes its media and content properties through four principal activities: (i) Media rights, production, and content, (ii) Live events and hospitality, (iii) Partnerships and marketing and (iv) Consumer products licensing, which are covered in greater detail in the Overview of Revenue Sources section of this Annual Report. A summary of our principal activities is presented in the table below: The popularity of our marquee companies makes us attractive to media distribution and corporate partners. Across our portfolio, we have agreements with leading distributors, including Paramount, Disney s ESPN, Netflix, Versant, the CW, Rogers Sportsnet, WBDSports, and DAZN, among others, enabling our content to reach audiences around the globe. We have partnerships and marketing agreements with a wide variety of leading brands including Meta, Ram Trucks, Anheuser-Busch, IBM, Procter Gamble, Monster Energy, Cuervo, Total Wireless, Wingstop, Slim Jim, and others across multiple categories. Our track record building our properties is driven by the quality and quantity of our program offerings and the favorable demographic profile of our core and growing fanbases. UFC, the world s premier professional MMA organization, produces more than 40 live events annually which are broadcast in over 170 countries and territories to over 950 million TV households. UFC is among the most popular sports organizations in the world, reaching a global audience through an increasing array of global broadcast license agreements and our owned FIGHT PASS streaming platform. The value of our content is demonstrated by our licensing arrangements with Paramount+ and other international broadcasters, and our increasing consumer engagement is evidenced by the overall follower growth and engagement across our social channels. As of December 31, 2025, UFC has more than 700 million fans who skew young and diverse, as well as approximately 350 million social media followers. WWE, the global leader in sports entertainment, produces and distributes unique and creative content through various channels, including content rights agreements with distribution partners including Netflix, ESPN, Versant, and the CW for its weekly programs, Raw, SmackDown and NXT , and Premium Live Events, monetization across social media outlets, live events, and licensing of various WWE themed consumer products. WWE has over 700 million fans and approximately 490 million social media followers, inclusive of talent pages. WWE counts more than 110 million YouTube subscribers, making it one of the most viewed YouTube channels globally, and its year-round programming is available in over one billion households worldwide in more than 20 languages. The IMG business is a leading global sports marketing company, specializing in media rights management and sales, multi-channel content production and distribution, brand partnerships, strategic consulting, digital services, and event management. It powers revenue, fanbase, and IP growth for more than 300 federations, associations, events, and teams, including the English Premier League, Major League Soccer, The R A, Wimbledon, DP World Tour, ATP and WTA Tours, the National Football League, CONMEBOL, Euroleague Basketball, Saudi Pro League, as well as its owned channel Sport 24. On Location is a premium experiential hospitality business, offering ticketing, curated guest experiences, live event production and travel management across sports and entertainment. On Location provides unrivaled access for corporate clients and fans looking for official, immersive experiences at marquee events, including the 2024, 2026 and 2028 Summer and Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, FIFA World Cup 26, Super Bowl, NCAA Final Four, WWE, UFC, and more. PBR is the world s premier bull riding organization. Currently, there are more than 1,000 bull riders who compete in more than 200 events annually across the PBR Unleash The Beast tour, which features the top bull riders in the world; the PBR Pendleton Whisky 9 Table of Contents Velocity Tour; the PBR Touring Pro Division; and international circuits in Australia, Brazil, and Canada. In addition, bull riders compete in the PBR Team Series, currently comprising 10 teams, as well as in the PBR Challenger Series, with more than 50 annual events nationwide. PBR Teams League and Unleash The Beast events are broadcast on CBS Television Network, with Teams League events also airing on the CW Network, for a combined reach of over 40 million viewers each year. Fans can also stream Unleash the Beast on Paramount+ and access the Teams League via FOX Nation, further extending PBR's reach into the digital space. We believe our companies are well positioned for the future of media. We have the flexibility to deliver our content across channels to meet our fans where they are consuming media. Our multichannel distribution model enables TKO to capitalize on increased competition for premium live sports rights and sports entertainment programming across digital and linear services. We license our media rights under long-term contracts to leading distributors globally. The contractual, recurring nature of our revenue base provides our business with good visibility into revenue growth, which supports further investment in our products and adjacent content reinforcing the value of our properties to our fans and partners. Overview of Revenue Sources Media Rights, Production and Content We generate revenue from the licensing of our live events and original programming to domestic and international broadcasters and distributors that carry our programming on digital and linear channels and via pay-per-view ( PPV ). Original programming includes long and short-form content, reality series and other filmed entertainment. Through the acquisition of IMG as part of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition on February 28, 2025, we also generate revenue by acting as a global distributor of sports programming, negotiating and selling media rights on behalf of rights holders, and providing content production and distribution services across a broad range of sports and live events. License agreements with broadcasters and distributors have various terms typically ranging from three to five years, although certain of our most significant agreements are longer and range from seven to 10 years. We negotiate agreements with a renewal horizon that reflects the growing popularity of our programming. From 2019 through 2025, ESPN was the exclusive broadcaster of UFC live events in the U.S., including PPV events. In August 2025, UFC announced a new seven-year partnership with Paramount, a Skydance Corporation ("Paramount"), to become the exclusive home of all UFC events in the U.S. Starting in 2026, Paramount will exclusively distribute UFC s full slate of 13 marquee numbered events and 30 Fight Nights via its direct-to-consumer streaming platform, Paramount+, with select numbered events to be simulcast on CBS, Paramount s leading broadcast network. In October 2025, UFC expanded its partnership with Paramount, securing UFC media rights for Paramount+ across Latin America and Australia starting in 2026. For WWE, media rights fees consist primarily of licensing revenues from the distribution of Raw , SmackDown , NXT and Premium Live Events ("PLEs"). WWE has entered partnerships with major distribution networks, such as Netflix, Versant/USA Network, and the CW, to distribute content across the U.S. Since January 2025, Netflix has been the exclusive global home to Raw . In the U.S. market, SmackDown is distributed through a five-year agreement with Versant that ends in 2029. Additionally, since January 2025 and as rights become available globally, distribution for all WWE content outside the U.S., including PLEs, has been available on Netflix. The agreement has an initial 10-year term, with an option for Netflix to extend for an additional 10 years and to opt out after the initial five years. In August 2025, WWE entered into a partnership with ESPN, making ESPN platforms, including its new streaming service, the exclusive U.S. home for all WWE PLEs and positioning ESPN as the primary destination for WWE's biggest shows, with Wrestlepalooza kicking off the partnership on September 20, 2025. This five-year agreement brings major PLEs ( WrestleMania , Royal Rumble , SummerSlam , Survivor Series ) to ESPN's direct-to-consumer service, with select simulcasting on linear channels and rights to pre/post-show content. While our major live events are now primarily delivered through established partners like Paramount+ in the U.S., UFC FIGHT PASS continues to provide fans globally with access to live early preliminary bouts and an expansive video-on-demand library of historical and original content. This platform allows UFC to maintain a direct customer relationship in markets where it is economically favorable compared to third-party licensing, and serves as a specialized destination for our most dedicated audience to access our full historical archive. WWE Network provides WWE fans an expansive library of archived content and non-live original content per year, including second runs of in-ring television programming, exclusive original programming, documentaries, reality shows, and specials. Beginning March 2021, Peacock was the exclusive U.S. home to WWE Network in connection with a multi-year license agreement. In September 2025, WWE PLEs moved from Peacock to ESPN as a result of the new multi-year partnership with ESPN. WWE Network content is also licensed in certain international markets. As mentioned previously, since January 2025 and as rights become available globally, distribution for all WWE content outside the U.S., including PLEs, is available on Netflix. Most recently, in January 2026, Netflix became the new U.S. home for WWE s archival library of PLEs, as well as award-winning documentaries and original programming. 10 Table of Contents Live Events and Hospitality We deliver compelling, year-round live events and premium hospitality experiences around the world. Our live event portfolio includes UFC, WWE, and PBR, which collectively showcases a talented roster of UFC athletes, WWE Superstars, and professional bull riders. Live events generate revenue through the sale of tickets, site fees, travel packages, and VIP experiences. Additionally, through On Location, we generate revenue by providing premium experiential hospitality, ticketing and travel management for marquee global sports and entertainment events. Across our properties, TKO hosts hundreds of annual live events in multiple countries and marquee venues, including New York s Madison Square Garden, London s O2 Arena, and Las Vegas' T-Mobile Arena. Our tentpole live events include UFC numbered events, WWE's WrestleMania , and SummerSlam , among others. These events regularly sell out. In 2025, UFC set eight new, all-time-highest-grossing event records at several arenas in key markets, including the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles (UFC 311), which became the highest-grossing MMA event in California history; Qudos Bank Arena in Sydney, Australia (UFC 312); and Bell Centre in Montreal, Canada (UFC 315). Also in 2025, WrestleMania 41 in Las Vegas attracted over 118,000 attendees over the course of the two-day event, while our Royal Rumble event at Lucas Oil Stadium became the highest-grossing Royal Rumble in history. Partnerships and Marketing TKO generates partnerships revenue from the sale of in-venue and in-broadcast advertising assets, content product integration and digital impressions across UFC, WWE and PBR. Marketing revenues are also driven by original content on third-party social media platforms. Additionally, through IMG, we generate commissions and fees by selling sponsorship assets on behalf of third-party clients and rights holders. Partnerships revenues are generated from partners who promote their products utilizing the broad reach of TKO s premium properties. Our global sales force has established partnerships with major brands worldwide across a variety of industries. The unique but complementary nature of our properties enables us to offer differentiated partnership products, providing access to scaled promotion, as well as more targeted audiences across our entire portfolio, to meet the unique needs of our partners. We continue to expand the categories and volume of our partnerships with major brands, such as IBM, Meta, Polymarket, Ram Trucks, Crypto.com, DoorDash, Coca-Cola (Minute Maid), Sazerac, and Nestle. We create unique brand integration opportunities through our control over production, including UFC's high-definition LED Fight Clock and Fight Deck displays, WWE's in-ring product activations, and PBR's arena signage. Through IMG's global sales networks, we also manage comprehensive partnership programs for leading sports federations and leagues, further diversifying our revenue based beyond our owned IP. Consumer Products Licensing and Other TKO merchandises UFC, WWE and PBR across a diverse range of branded products, including video games, apparel, equipment, trading cards, memorabilia, digital goods, and toys. We partner with major global companies to sell branded merchandise through licensing arrangements and direct-to-consumer sales. Revenues principally consist of royalties and license fees related to branded products and sales of merchandise distributed at live events and through eCommerce platforms. We have licensing partnerships with major retailers and brands worldwide. Video games and toys are among the largest components of our licensing programs. UFC has multi-year licensing agreements with EA Sports to produce and sell UFC-branded console video games and with Fanatics to produce and sell event merchandise. Similarly, WWE has a multi-year licensing agreement with Take-Two Interactive Software to produce and sell WWE-branded console video games. WWE also has a multi-year licensing agreement with Mattel, Inc., its exclusive toy licensee, covering all global territories and, beginning July 2022, WWE launched an exclusive, multi-year partnership with Fanatics that includes WWE Shop, a premier e-commerce and mobile destination. WWE also distributes its products through major retailers such as Walmart, Target, Pacsun, Smyth s, and GameStop. Similarly, UFC maintains licensing partnerships with over 50 premium brands, including EA Sports, Project Rock by Under Armour, and Venum. PBR maintains licensing partnerships across key categories including apparel, accessories, and toys, with Legends managing our e-commerce and in-venue retail operations and a retail footprint that includes Boot Barn, Cavender s, and Tilly s. Additionally, TKO provides executive and operational services to certain joint ventures and receives an annual fee for such services. In March 2025, the Company entered into a joint venture with Sela Company to launch Zuffa Boxing, a new global boxing promotion business that provides a premier platform for both leading boxers and prospects in the sport. As a partner in the joint venture, TKO provides essential promotional, operational, and media rights distribution support. TKO utilizes its global sales and marketing infrastructure and live event production expertise to facilitate the execution of Zuffa Boxing's large-scale boxing events and to maximize the reach of its media content. 11 Table of Contents Growth Vectors We believe TKO is well-positioned to benefit from secular tailwinds in both sports and entertainment. Live sports and sports entertainment remain important for both traditional linear platform providers as well as streamers and technology entrants. As a result, the value of media rights for unique assets, such as UFC and WWE, have appreciated consistently. We anticipate realizing growth in media rights content agreements upon contract renewals that materialize over the coming years, reflecting the increased value of our premium content to linear and streaming channels, as well as the broader trend of premium live sports and entertainment content rights generally increasing in value across renewal cycles. We believe we can generate more content in various formats to acquire and engage new and existing fans, generate license fees from distribution partners, and drive increased adoption of our direct-to-consumer offerings, UFC FIGHT PASS and WWE Network. TKO drives economic benefits to the cities that host WWE and UFC events, which we believe will lead to growth in site fees as jurisdictions vie to bring premium events to their market. For example, WrestleMania in April 2025 generated significant economic impact for the Las Vegas region. Similarly, UFC 311 in Los Angeles and UFC 312 in Sydney, Australia drove significant local economic activity, with the latter setting a new arena gate record for the region. International As of December 31, 2025, a majority of UFC and WWE fans are from international markets. We see a significant opportunity to further monetize and grow in existing international markets through traditional distribution partnerships, direct-to-consumer offerings, live events, consumer products, and partnerships. In addition to further monetizing our existing international markets, we are also focused on the international expansion of our content and programming distribution, with efforts across Europe, Asia Pacific and the Middle East offering significant growth potential. We believe our success to date through our live events, extensive international distribution infrastructure, and international talent demonstrates our ability to sustain future international growth of our properties. UFC content reaches over 950 million households across 50 broadcast partners in over 50 languages in more than 170 countries. As of December 31, 2025, WWE content reached more than one billion households in 24 languages in more than 150 countries. Live Events and Hospitality Live events remain a core growth driver for TKO. We believe we can grow live events and hospitality revenues by increasing ticket sales, maximizing site fees, and expanding premium VIP hospitality offerings to drive higher per event revenues to optimize monetization across events. Compelling, live experiences are at the core of TKO, driving the strength of our companies and fan engagement. The integration of On Location into TKO has enabled us to directly capture growth from premium experiential hospitality offerings tied to major sporting events and entertainment properties such as the NFL and FIFA. By offering curated packages that combine tickets, hospitality, accommodations, and exclusive experiences, we believe we can increase per-fan economics while expanding our reach to corporate customers and high-value consumers globally. Over UFC's history, we have successfully held events in more than 150 cities internationally, and in 2025 visited Sydney, Australia, Doha, Qatar, Baku, Azerbaijan, Shanghai, China, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, London, United Kingdom, Los Angeles, California and Las Vegas, Nevada, among other major destinations. During 2025, WWE produced several international events, including PLEs in key markets across Europe and Latin America, in addition to events produced through our partnership with the General Entertainment Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Moreover, live events have the potential to drive significant economic output for host cities from new job creation, salaries and wages, taxes, and other economic activity. Consequently, as the popularity of TKO live events grows, we expect to have a greater ability to secure site fees from local governments or tourism organizations in certain jurisdictions. Partnerships and Marketing TKO is also distinguished by the attractive fan demographics of its brands. The multicultural foundation of the fighting styles incorporated in MMA and the ubiquitous nature of wrestling resonates with audiences from diverse cultural and demographic backgrounds all over the world. As of December 31, 2025, we estimate that the fanbases of UFC and WWE are approximately 38% and 41% female, respectively. UFC and WWE fans also skew younger on average, with a median age of 37 years old and 35 years old, respectively, than those of traditional U.S. sports leagues with a range of 38 to 47 years old. We believe the differentiated fanbases of our companies make TKO a valued partner for sponsors looking to access this attractive demographic. Our unified global partnership team provides brands with access to one of the most formidable sports marketing portfolios in the world. We expect to increase product activations across platforms and formats, expand and monetize additional staple partnership categories, provide additional inventory and assets through innovative new partnership offerings, and improve sell-through, particularly in international markets. As such, we anticipate the acceleration of our properties and talent placement across partnerships, as well as 12 Table of Contents greater cross-selling opportunities with our product licensing partners by leveraging technology, thus driving incremental revenue from new on-screen graphics assets. The addition of PBR and IMG's portfolio further diversifies our offering. Consumer Products Licensing Product licensing and merchandising is a growing category for TKO. We believe there is an opportunity to continue to scale our consumer products division through opportunities in many product categories, including apparel, casual games, and online betting platforms, in addition to expanding direct-to-retail channels in the U.S. and globally. As such, we continually seek exclusive, multi-year partnerships with leading organizations to develop new products and further expand our licensing business. For example, UFC s partnership with EA Sports and WWE s partnership with Take-Two Interactive Software allows us to remain agile as content can be updated for new characters, game modes, and story plots for enhanced game play. Additionally, UFC and WWE have exclusive, multi-year partnerships with Fanatics across a variety of product categories. Structural Advantages Based on our organizational structure, we believe we are well-positioned to effectively and efficiently navigate the rapidly evolving sports and entertainment landscape relative to other sports and entertainment offerings. UFC and WWE s governance structures do not involve a franchise system with multiple owner-operators as is common in team sports. Importantly, UFC does not rely on a network of independent promoters as is found in other combat sports. While PBR operates a franchise-based Team Series, it maintains unilateral control over its core individual touring properties. These structural advantages allow us to make decisions unilaterally and to react swiftly and nimbly to changes in consumption habits and fan preferences and to address customer needs. We also have autonomy and oversight over our content production and intellectual property, including domestic and international media rights, which we believe enables us to optimize distribution and production quality. The acquisition of the IMG business, On Location and PBR further enhances our structural advantages. The IMG business provides global scale, long-standing client relationships, and deep expertise across sports marketing, media rights advisory, content production, and event management. On Location expands our capabilities in premium experiential hospitality, allowing us to integrate ticketing, travel, and curated experiences around marquee events. PBR strengthens our portfolio of owned sports properties with a scalable global live events platform and complementary fan demographics. Unlike traditional sports leagues, we host live events year-round and are not constrained by a seasonal format. In the year ended December 31, 2025, TKO hosted over 500 live events in locations around the world across UFC, WWE and PBR. We maintain the flexibility to scale the number of events hosted each year to meet consumer demand. We also determine the location of each event, which helps us acquire new fans across geographies globally and strengthen our brand reach. Competition The entertainment and sports services industries are highly competitive and subject to fluctuations in popularity, which are not easy to predict. For our live event and media content audiences, we face competition from professional and college sports (including other MMA promotions), scripted wrestling promotions, other live, filmed, televised, and streamed entertainment, as well as other leisure activities. We continue to face increased competition from websites, mobile, and other internet-connected apps delivering paid and free content as streamed media offerings continue to expand. With the addition of the IMG business and On Location, we now also compete in the highly fragmented markets for sports representation and experiential hospitality. We face competition from other global sports marketing agencies and premium hospitality providers that compete for rights holders and corporate clients. For purchases of our merchandise, we compete with entertainment companies, professional and college sports leagues, and other makers of branded apparel and merchandise. In addition, our properties compete respectively for talent with other live combat sports and sports entertainment platforms, and work to develop and discover emerging talent. Talent Discovery and Development UFC Athletes Essential to the success of UFC and the sport of MMA is the ability to discover and promote athletes globally. UFC athletes are independent contractors. As of December 31, 2025, there were approximately 650 UFC athletes representing more than 70 countries, of which nearly 20% were female and 60% originated from outside of the U.S. UFC discovers new athletes via multiple methods, including staging talent discovery shows such as The Ultimate Fighter, Dana White's Lookin for a Fight, Dana White s Contender Series, and Road to UFC. UFC also discovers and evaluates talent through its 13 Table of Contents UFC Academies in China and Mexico, which provide younger MMA athletes with a platform to develop their skills and abilities while competing in local promotions ahead of a potential career in UFC. To advance the sport of MMA, UFC established the UFC Performance Institutes, which are designed to accelerate knowledge and understanding of MMA by delivering interdisciplinary services, evidence-based science, sports medicine, innovation, and technology, while sharing best practices for performance optimization with athletes and coaches around the world. The first Performance Institute opened in Las Vegas in 2017. The second location opened in Shanghai in 2019. A third location opened in Mexico City in February 2024. WWE Superstars The success of WWE is due primarily to the continuing popularity of its Superstars. WWE Superstars are independent contractors. As of December 31, 2025, there were approximately 215 WWE Superstars under contract from more than 25 countries, of which approximately 35% were female. Contracts for WWE Superstars range from multi-year guaranteed contracts with established Superstars to developmental contracts with our Superstars in training. WWE s talent development system, including the NXT division, has produced more than 75% of WWE s current active main roster stars, such as Roman Reigns, Seth Rollins, Bron Breakker, Charlotte Flair, Rhea Ripley, and Becky Lynch. NXT has evolved into WWE s third brand after Raw and SmackDown and has transitioned into a weekly live television series. More than 20% of WWE s developmental talent come from countries outside the U.S., including Nigeria, Japan, England, Chile, Australia, Canada, Ukraine, Spain, Singapore, and Austria. Women comprise over 35% of WWE s developmental talent. NXT talent train at the WWE Performance Center in Orlando, Florida, which was designed to cultivate the next generation of talent and has become the center of WWE s talent development program. In 2021, WWE launched a major comprehensive recruiting initiative for in-ring competitors called Next In Line ( NIL ). This program serves to recruit and develop potential future Superstars, and it further enhances WWE s talent development process through collaborative partnerships with select athletes from diverse athletic backgrounds. In October 2024, following the success of the NIL program, WWE launched a developmental program called WWE Independent Development ("WWE ID") to provide up-and-coming independent wrestlers a pathway to a potential career in WWE. The WWE ID program provides prominent independent wrestling schools with the WWE ID official designation, with the goal of providing new trainees and existing talent at these select institutions with enhanced developmental opportunities. Additionally, WWE ID will identify top independent wrestling prospects with an official designation and support their developmental journey by providing financial opportunity and assisting with training, mentorship and development, including access to world-class facilities, best-in-class ring training, and athletic trainers. PBR Riders PBR features riders who compete in sanctioned bull riding events across multiple tours and international markets. PBR riders are independent contractors and are sourced through a global ecosystem of professional, development, and regional competitions. PBR's athlete development pathway supports the progression of riders from entry-level circuits to elite global events, helping to sustain the long-term growth and competitiveness of the sport. Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights We consider intellectual property to be very important to the operation of our business and to driving growth in our revenues, particularly with respect to partnerships, licensing rights, and media distribution agreements. Our intellectual property includes the UFC, WWE, IMG, On Location, and PBR brands, other trademarks and copyrights associated with us and our events, and the rights to use the intellectual property of our commercial partners. Substantially all our intellectual property and owned assets that we create or acquire associated with our content and events are protected by trademarks and copyrights, whether registered or unregistered. Human Capital Resources General We believe the strength of our workforce is critical to our long-term success. Our human capital management objectives include attracting, retaining, and developing high performing and diverse talent. As of December 31, 2025, we had over 4,000 employees in more than 30 countries. We have invested and focused extensively on the training and development of our employees. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. 14 Table of Contents Talent Development We recognize nurturing talent and embracing the constant evolution that leadership requires is crucial to our success. We have invested in learning and development opportunities that strengthen the role of leaders, as well as offer employees opportunities for professional growth and skill development. Regulation and Legislation We are subject to federal, state and local laws, both domestically and internationally, and at the state level by athletic commissions, governing matters such as: licensing laws for athletes; operation of our venues; licensing, permitting, and zoning; health, safety, and sanitation requirements; the service of food and alcoholic beverages; working conditions, labor, minimum wage and hour, citizenship, immigration, visas, harassment and discrimination, and other labor and employment laws and regulations; compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ); the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the Bribery Act ) and similar regulations in other countries, as described in more detail below; antitrust and fair competition; data privacy and information security; marketing activities; environmental protection and climate-related regulations; imposition by the U.S. or foreign countries of tariffs or trade restrictions, restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed, ownership restrictions, or currency exchange controls; licensure and other regulatory requirements for the supply of sports betting data and software to gambling operators; laws and regulations regarding the promotion and operation of MMA and boxing events; and government regulation of the entertainment and sports industry. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to extensive U.S. and foreign governmental regulations, and our failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business. Many of the events produced or promoted by us are presented in venues which are subject to building and health codes and fire regulations imposed by the state and local governments in the jurisdictions in which the venues are located. These venues are also subject to zoning and outdoor advertising regulations and require a number of licenses in order for us to operate, including occupancy permits, exhibition licenses, food and beverage permits, liquor licenses, and other authorizations. In addition, these venues are subject to the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the U.K. s Disability Discrimination Act 1995, which require us to maintain certain accessibility features at each of the facilities. In various states in the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, we are required to obtain licenses for promoters, medical clearances and other permits or licenses for our athletes, and permits for our live events to promote and conduct those events. Generally, we or our employees hold promoters and matchmakers licenses to organize and hold our live events. We or our employees hold these licenses in a number of states, including California, Nevada, New Jersey, and New York. We are required to comply with the anti-corruption laws of the countries in which we operate, including the FCPA and the Bribery Act. These regulations make it illegal for us to pay, promise to pay, or receive money or anything of value to, or from, any government or foreign public official for the purpose of directly or indirectly obtaining or retaining business. This ban on illegal payments and bribes also applies to agents or intermediaries who use funds for purposes prohibited by the statute. Our business is also subject to certain regulations applicable to our web sites and mobile applications. We maintain various web sites and mobile applications that provide information and content regarding our business and offer merchandise and tickets for sale. The operation of these web sites and applications may be subject to a range of federal, state and local laws. 15 Table of Contents The marketplace for audio-visual programming (including cable television and internet programming) in the United States and internationally is substantially affected by certain applicable government regulations, as well as social and political influences on, television stations, television networks and cable and satellite television systems and channels. Certain FCC regulations are imposed directly on us and/or indirectly through our distributors. Gaming laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate are established by statute and are administered by regulatory agencies with broad authority to interpret gaming laws, to promulgate gaming regulations, and to regulate gaming activities. Regulatory requirements vary among jurisdictions, but a number of jurisdictions in which we operate require licenses, permits, or findings of suitability for us, our individual officers, directors, major stockholders, and key employees. Regulatory agencies from time to time may modify their interpretation of gaming laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements imposed on operators under such laws and regulations. We believe we hold all of the licenses and permits necessary to conduct our business in this space. Available Information and Website Disclosure We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are also available to the public through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . You also can find more information about us online at our investor relations website located at investor.tkogrp.com . Filings we make with the SEC and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with the SEC. The information posted on or accessible through our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report. Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and operational information to our investors using press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts, and by postings on our investor relations site at investor.tkogrp.com . We may also use our website as a distribution channel of material Company information. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about TKO, UFC and WWE when you enroll your email address by visiting the Investor Email Alerts option under the Resources tab on investor.tkogrp.com . Item 1A. R isk Factors Investing in our Class A common stock involves substantial risks. You should carefully consider the following factors, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report, including under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report before investing in our Class A common stock. Any of the risk factors we describe below could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The market price of our Class A common stock could decline if one or more of these risks or uncertainties develop into actual events, causing you to lose all or part of your investment. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed below will not occur. Please also see Forward-Looking Statements for more information. Risks Related to Our Business Our ability to generate revenue from discretionary and corporate spending on events, such as corporate sponsorships and advertising, is subject to many factors, including many that are beyond our control, such as general macroeconomic conditions. Our business depends on discretionary consumer and corporate spending. Many factors related to corporate spending and discretionary consumer spending, including economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as unemployment levels, fuel prices, interest rates, changes in tax rates, tax laws that impact companies or individuals, and inflation, can significantly impact our operating results. While consumer and corporate spending may decline at any time for reasons beyond our control, the risks associated with our businesses become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may be accompanied by reductions in corporate sponsorships and advertising, decreases in attendance at live events, and decreases in consumer spending on merchandising, among other things. There can be no assurance that consumer and corporate spending will not be adversely impacted by economic and geopolitical conditions, or by any future deterioration in economic conditions, thereby possibly impacting our operating results and growth. A prolonged period of reduced consumer or corporate spending, such as those that occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We depend on key relationships with television and cable networks, satellite providers, digital streaming partners and other distribution partners. Our failure to maintain, renew or replace key agreements could adversely affect our ability to distribute our media content, and/or other of our goods and services, which could adversely affect our operating results . A key component of our success is our relationships with television and cable networks, satellite providers, digital streaming and other distribution partners. We are dependent on maintaining these existing relationships and expanding upon them so that we have a robust network with which we can work to arrange multimedia rights sales, including distribution of our events and media content. Our television programming for our events is distributed by television and cable networks, satellite providers, pay-per-view ( PPV ), digital 16 Table of Contents streaming, and other media. Because a large portion of our revenues are generated, directly and indirectly, from the distribution of our events, any failure to maintain or renew arrangements with distributors and platforms, the failure of distributors or platforms to continue to provide services to us, or the failure to enter into new distribution opportunities on terms favorable to us could adversely affect our business. We regularly engage in negotiations relating to substantial agreements covering the distribution of our content by carriers located in the United States and abroad. We have agreements with multiple PPV providers globally and distribute a portion of our events through PPV, including certain events that are sold exclusively through PPV. We have important relationships with (i) Paramount, as the exclusive distributor for all UFC Numbered Events and UFC Fight Nights throughout the U.S. and Latin America and as exclusive distributor of UFC Fight Nights in Australia, as well as the exclusive distributor of Zuffa Boxing throughout the U.S. and distributor of certain PBR programming, (ii) ESPN as the exclusive distributor for all WWE PLEs in the U.S., (iii) Netflix as the exclusive global home for RAW (and, as rights become available globally, distribution for all WWE content outside the U.S., including premium live events) and other WWE library content, (iv) USA Network as the exclusive distributor for SmackDown in the U.S., (v) The CW, which carries NXT on its cable network stations, and (vi) Peacock as the exclusive distributor of WWE Saturday Night s Main Event in the U.S. Our agreement with Netflix relating to WWE has an initial 10-year term, with an option for Netflix to extend for an additional 10 years and to opt out after the initial five years. Our failure to maintain the Netflix agreement, including through Netflix exercising its opt-out rights, could adversely affect our ability to distribute WWE content, which could adversely affect our operating results. These relationships are expected to continue to constitute a significant percentage of our revenues. No assurances can be provided as to the outcome of any negotiations with these partners. If we are unable to maintain our agreements, renew existing agreements or find alternative streaming or distribution partners on at least as favorable terms, if at all, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. T here is also no guarantee that the growth in value of sports media licensing rights in the recent years will continue or can be maintained or that the current value of our sports media licensing rights will not diminish over time. Any adverse change in these relationships or agreements, including as a result of U.S., European Union and United Kingdom trade and economic sanctions and any counter-sanctions enacted by such sanctioned countries (e.g., Russia), or a deterioration in the perceived value of our partnerships or these distribution channels, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to adapt to or manage new content distribution platforms or changes in consumer behavior resulting from new technologies. The manner in which audio/media content is distributed and viewed is constantly changing, and consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video. Changes in technology require resources including personnel, capital and operating expenses. Conversely, technology changes have also decreased the cost of video production and distribution for certain programmers (such as through social media), which lowers the barriers to entry and increases the competition for viewership and revenues. We must successfully adapt to and manage technological advances in our industry, including the emergence of alternative distribution platforms. If we are unable to adopt or are late in adopting technological changes and innovations, it may lead to a loss of consumers viewing our content, a reduction in revenues from attendance at our live events, a loss of ticket sales, or lower site fee revenue. Our ability to effectively generate revenue from new content distribution platforms and viewing technologies could affect our ability to maintain and grow our business. Emerging forms of content distribution may provide different economic models and compete with current distribution methods (such as television, film, and PPV) in ways that are not entirely predictable, which could reduce consumer demand for our content offerings. Additionally, the use of artificial intelligence (AI) technologies in content creation, marketing, and distribution is evolving, and our ability to successfully utilize such technologies is uncertain. Although we are evaluating the use of AI technologies in our operations, we face competition from other companies in our industry in relation to the deployment of such technologies. If we fail to successfully implement these technologies, or if our competitors more rapidly or effectively adopt these technologies, we may be at a competitive disadvantage which could have a materially adverse impact on our operating results, customer relationships, and growth. We must also adapt to changing consumer behavior driven by advances that allow for time shifting and on-demand viewing, such as digital video recorders and video-on-demand, as well as Internet-based and broadband content delivery and mobile devices. Cable and broadcast television distribution constitutes a large part of our revenues. The number of subscribers and ratings of television networks and advertising revenues in general have been impacted by viewers moving to alternative media content providers, a process known as cord cutting and cord shaving . Developments in technology may have added, and may continue to add, to this shift as consumers expectations relative to the availability of video content on demand, their willingness to pay to access content and their tolerance for commercial interruptions evolve. Many well-funded digital companies (such as Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Hulu, Netflix and YouTube) have been competing with the traditional television business model and, while it has been widely reported that they are paying significant amounts for media content, it is not clear that these digital distributors will replace the importance (in terms of money paid for content, viewer penetration, and other factors) of television distribution to media content owners such as WWE and UFC. Our media partners businesses are affected by their sale of advertising and subscriptions for their services. If they are unable to sell advertising and/or subscriptions either with regard to WWE and UFC programming specifically or all of their programming generally, it could adversely affect our operating results. If we fail to adapt our distribution methods and content to emerging technologies and new distribution platforms, while also effectively preventing digital piracy and the dilution of the value of our content resulting from the creation of similar or fake content on artificial intelligence applications, our ability to generate revenue from our targeted audiences may decline and could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition. On February 28, 2025, we completed the Endeavor Asset Acquisition. The success of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition depends on, among other things, our ability to integrate the transferred businesses in a manner that realizes the various benefits, growth opportunities and synergies that we have identified. Our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Because our success depends substantially on our ability to maintain a professional reputation, adverse publicity concerning us, or our key personnel could adversely affect our business. Our professional reputation is essential to our continued success and any decrease in the quality of our reputation could impair our ability to, among other things, recruit and retain qualified and experienced personnel, or enter into multimedia, licensing, and partnership engagements. Our overall reputation may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including negative publicity concerning us, members of our management or other key personnel or the athletes that participate in our events. Many athletes that participate in our events are public personalities with large social media followings whose actions generate significant publicity and public interest. Any adverse publicity relating to such individuals or individuals that we employ or previously employed or have a contractual relationship with, or that otherwise occur at our locations or events, including from reported or actual incidents or allegations of illegal or improper conduct, such as harassment, discrimination, or other misconduct, have resulted and may in the future result in significant media attention, even if not directly relating to or involving us, and could have a negative impact on our professional reputation. This could result in termination of media rights agreements, licensing, sponsorships or other contractual relationships, or our ability to attract new partnerships or other business relationships, or the loss or termination of such employees or contractors services, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented, both within the United States and internationally, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could adversely affect our operating results. We face competition from a variety of other domestic and foreign companies. We also face competition from alternative providers of the content and events that we offer. For UFC, these providers include, but are not limited to, M-1 Global, Professional Fighters League, Combate Global, Invicta FC, Cage Warriors, AMC Fight Nights, ONE Championship, Rizin Fighting Federation, Absolute Championship Akhmat, Pancrase, Caged Steel, Eagle Fighting Championship, KSW, Extreme Fighting Championship, and Legacy Fighting Alliance. For WWE, these providers include, but are not limited to, All Elite Wrestling, Impact Wrestling, Ring of Honor, New Japan Pro-Wrestling, and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre. Additionally, competition exists from other forms of media, entertainment and leisure activities in a rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented environment. Other new and existing professional wrestling leagues also compete with our goods and services. For the sale of our consumer products, we compete with entertainment companies, professional and college sports leagues and other makers of branded apparel and merchandise. Any increased competition, which may not be foreseeable, or our failure to adequately address any competitive factors, could result in reduced demand for our content, live events, or brand, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We depend on the continued services of executive management and other key employees. The loss or diminished performance of these individuals could adversely affect our business. Our performance is substantially dependent on the continued services of executive management and other key employees. In addition, following the completion of the Endeavor Take-Private, we have continued to utilize Endeavor's services and expect to do so for a specified period of time. We cannot be sure that any adverse effect on Endeavor s business would not also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, members of our or Endeavor s executive management may not remain with Endeavor or us and may compete with us in the future. The loss of any member of our executive management team could impair our ability to execute our business plan and growth strategy, have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, or cause employee morale problems or the loss of additional key employees. Changes in public and consumer tastes and preferences and industry trends could reduce demand for our content offerings and adversely affect our business. Our ability to generate revenues is highly sensitive to rapidly changing consumer preferences and industry trends, as well as the popularity of our brand, events, and the athletes that participate in our events. Our success depends on our ability to offer premium content through popular channels of distribution that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. Our operations and revenues are affected by consumer tastes and entertainment trends, including the market demand for the distribution rights to live events, which are unpredictable and may be affected by factors such as changes in the social and political climate, global epidemics or general macroeconomic factors. Changes in consumers tastes or a change in the perceptions of our brand and business partners, whether as a result of the social and political climate or otherwise, could adversely affect our operating results. Our failure to avoid a negative 18 Table of Contents perception among consumers, or anticipate and respond to changes in consumer preferences, could result in reduced demand for our events and content offerings, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Consumer tastes change frequently, and it can be challenging to anticipate what offerings will be successful at any point in time. We may invest in our content and events before learning the extent to which we will achieve popularity with consumers. A lack of popularity of our content offerings, as well as labor disputes, unavailability of a star athlete, cost overruns, disputes with production teams, or severe weather conditions, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Owning and managing events for which we sell media and partnership rights, ticketing and hospitality exposes us to greater financial risk. Additionally, we may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events if we do not comply with applicable regulations. If our live events are not financially successful, our business could be adversely affected. We act as a principal by owning and managing live events for which we sell media and partnership rights, ticketing and hospitality. Organizing and operating a live event involves significant financial risk as we bear all or most event costs, including a significant amount of up-front costs. In addition, we typically book our live events many months in advance of holding the event and often incur expenses prior to receiving any related revenue. Accordingly, if a planned event fails to occur or there is any disruption in our ability to live stream or otherwise distribute, whether as a result of technical difficulties or otherwise, we could lose a substantial amount of these costs, fail to generate the anticipated revenue, and could be forced to issue refunds for ticket or PPV sales and generate lower than expected media rights, partnership and licensing fees. If we are forced to postpone a planned event, we could incur substantial additional costs in order to stage the event on a new date, may have reduced attendance and revenue, and may have to refund fees. We could be compelled to cancel or postpone all or part of an event for many reasons, including severe weather conditions, issues with obtaining permits or government regulation, athletes failing to participate, as well as operational challenges caused by extraordinary incidents, such as terrorist or other security incidents, mass-casualty incidents, natural disasters, public health concerns including pandemics, or similar events. Such incidents have been shown to cause a nationwide and global disruption of commercial and leisure activities. In the United States and foreign jurisdictions, athletic commissions and other applicable regulatory agencies require us to obtain licenses for promoters, medical clearances and/or other permits or licenses for performers and/or permits for events in order for us to promote and conduct our live events. Foreign jurisdictions require visas for personnel and talent at international live events. In international markets, third-party promoters generally oversee permitting and regulatory matters. In the event that we fail to comply with the regulations of a particular jurisdiction, whether through our acts or omissions or those of our third-party promoters, we may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events in that jurisdiction. The inability to present our live events in jurisdiction(s), in addition to the lost revenues and expenses of the missed event(s), could lead to a decline in various revenue streams in such jurisdiction(s). We often have cancellation insurance policies in place to cover a portion of our losses if we are compelled to cancel an event, but our coverage may not be sufficient, may no longer cover a pandemic and is subject to deductibles. If the live events that we own and manage are not financially successful, we could suffer an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business and operating results may be affected by the outcome of pending and future litigation, investigations, claims and other disputes. We have in the past and may in the future be subject to legal proceedings, claims and other disputes (see Note 21, Commitments and Contingencies , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report). Our results may be affected by the outcome of any such pending and future litigation, investigations, claims and other disputes. Unfavorable rulings in our legal proceedings could result in material liability to us or have a negative impact on our reputation or relations with our employees or third parties. The outcome of litigation, including class action lawsuits, is inherently uncertain and is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in class action lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. If we are unable to resolve these or other matters favorably, our business, operating results, and our financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, we are currently, and from time to time in the future may be, subject to various other claims, investigations, legal and administrative cases and proceedings (whether civil or criminal), or lawsuits by governmental agencies or private parties. In addition, allegations against or improper conduct by current or former employees, contractors or partners could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. If the results of these investigations, claims, allegations, investigations, proceedings, or suits are unfavorable to us or if we are unable to successfully defend against third-party lawsuits, we may be required to pay monetary damages or may be subject to fines, penalties, injunctions, or other censure that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even if we adequately address the issues raised by an investigation or proceeding or successfully defend a third-party lawsuit or counterclaim, we may have to devote significant financial and management resources to address these issues, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, publicity from these matters could negatively impact our business, reputation and competitive position and reduce investor demand for our Class A common stock and negatively impact the trading price of such stock. 19 Table of Contents The special committee of independent members of WWE s Board of Directors investigation into allegations of misconduct by Vincent McMahon, and any further allegations, claims or investigations may have an adverse financial and operational impact on our business performance. On June 17, 2022, WWE and its then Board of Directors announced that a special committee of independent members of its Board of Directors (the Special Committee ) was formed to investigate alleged misconduct by WWE s then-Chief Executive Officer, Vincent K. McMahon. On July 22, 2022, Mr. McMahon resigned from all positions held with WWE but remained a stockholder with a controlling interest. On January 9, 2023, WWE s Board of Directors elected Mr. McMahon as Executive Chairman thereto, and Mr. McMahon subsequently returned to WWE. On July 25, 2022, based on the findings of the Special Committee investigation, WWE announced that it had determined that certain payments that Mr. McMahon agreed to make during the period from 2006 through 2022 (including amounts paid and payable in the future totaling $14.6 million) were not appropriately recorded as expenses in WWE s consolidated financial statements. WWE subsequently identified two additional payments totaling $5.0 million unrelated to the alleged misconduct by Mr. McMahon that led to the Special Committee investigation, that Mr. McMahon made in 2007 and 2009 that were not appropriately recorded as expenses in WWE s consolidated financial statements. Together, these unrecorded expenses total $19.6 million (the Unrecorded Expenses ). All payments underlying the Unrecorded Expenses have been paid by Mr. McMahon personally. WWE determined that, while the amount of Unrecorded Expenses was not material in any individual period in which the Unrecorded Expenses arose, the aggregate amount of Unrecorded Expenses would be material if recorded entirely when identified in the second quarter of 2022. Accordingly, WWE revised its previously issued financial statements to record the Unrecorded Expenses in the applicable periods for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, as well as the first quarter of 2021 and 2022. In light of the Unrecorded Expenses and related facts, WWE concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was not effective as a result of one or more material weaknesses. On January 10, 2025, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission settled charges against Mr. McMahon for failing to disclose certain agreements related to the Unrecorded Expenses to WWE s Board of Directors, legal department, accountants, financial reporting personnel, or auditor, and in so doing, circumventing WWE s system of internal accounting controls and causing material misstatements in WWE s 2018 and 2021 financial statements. Although the Special Committee investigation was completed and, in January 2024, Mr. McMahon resigned from his position as Executive Chair and member of TKO s Board of Directors, as well as other positions, employment and otherwise, at TKO and its subsidiaries, WWE has received, and the Company may receive in the future, regulatory, investigative and enforcement inquiries, subpoenas, demands, claims and/or complaints arising from, related to, or in connection with these matters or in connection with new claims or allegations. For example, on January 25, 2024, a former WWE employee filed a lawsuit against WWE, Mr. McMahon and another former WWE executive in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut alleging, among other things, that she was sexually assaulted by Mr. McMahon and asserting claims under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. Subsequent to WWE s restatement for the Unrecorded Expenses, WWE was informed of certain additional claims, which have been settled by Mr. McMahon. WWE recorded an additional $11.1 million of expenses related to these additional claims prior to the closing of the TKO Transactions. Following the closing of the TKO Transactions, the Company recorded an additional $3.5 million of expenses during the year ended December 31, 2023 related to these additional claims. Mr. McMahon has made all related payments personally. Professional costs resulting from WWE s Special Committee s investigation and/or related claims have been significant and are expected to continue to be significant as the Company continues to incur costs arising from ongoing and/or potentially new regulatory, investigative and enforcement inquiries, subpoenas, and demands, claims and/or lawsuits. We expect Mr. McMahon to reimburse the Company for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the investigation and related matters. For further information on related party transactions between Mr. McMahon and the Company, see Note 22, Related Party Transactions , to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Although we are not aware that significant business has been lost to date, it is possible that a change in the perceptions of our business partners could occur as a result of the investigation or other matters described above. In addition, as a result of the investigation, other matters described above or new claims or allegations, certain other operational changes, including without limitation other personnel changes, have occurred and may continue to occur in the future, which may have adverse financial and operational impacts on our business. Any adverse impacts as a result of the investigation and related matters, and any further allegations or investigations, could exacerbate any of the risks described herein. The impact of global pandemics or other health crises could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations and events could be impacted by restrictions resulting from global pandemics or other health crises. We will assess and respond to any such pandemics or health crises, including by abiding by any new government-imposed restrictions, market by market. We are unable to accurately predict the ultimate impact any global pandemics or other health crises will have on our operations going forward due to the aforementioned uncertainties. 20 Table of Contents Our key personnel, athletes and performers may be adversely impacted by immigration restrictions and related factors. Our ability to retain our key personnel is impacted, at least in part, by the fact that a portion of our key personnel in the United States are comprised of foreign nationals who are not United States citizens. Similarly, some of our athletes and performers are foreign nationals who are not United States citizens. In order to be legally allowed to work or compete in the United States, these individuals generally hold non-immigrant visas (which may or may not be tied to us) or green cards, the latter of which makes them permanent residents in the United States. The ability of these foreign nationals to remain and work or compete in the United States is impacted by a variety of laws, regulations and executive orders, as well as the processing procedures of various government agencies. Changes in applicable laws, regulations, executive orders or procedures could adversely affect our ability to hire or retain these key personnel or sponsor athletes and performers who are not United States citizens and could affect our costs of doing business. In addition, if the laws, rules or procedures governing the ability of foreign nationals to work or compete in the United States were to change or if the number of visas available for foreign nationals permitted to work in the United States were to be reduced, our business could be adversely affected, if, for example, we are unable to retain an employee or sponsor an athlete or performer who is a foreign national as a result. Corresponding issues apply with respect to our key personnel and performers working, and athletes competing, in countries outside of the United States relating to citizenship and work authorizations. Similar changes in applicable laws, regulations, executive orders or procedures in those countries could adversely affect our ability to hire or retain key personnel or sponsor athletes and performers internationally. Our business is international in nature and may require employees, contractors, athletes and performers that participate in our events to frequently travel or live abroad. The ability of our key personnel, contractors and the athletes and performers that participate in our events to travel internationally for their work or to participate in our events is impacted by a variety of laws and regulations, policy considerations of foreign governments, the processing procedures of various government agencies and geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism (for example, the conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East), severe weather events or natural disasters including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, as well as pandemics. In addition, our production of live events internationally subjects us to the numerous risks involved in foreign travel and operations and also subjects us to local norms and regulations, including regulations requiring us to obtain visas for our key personnel and, in some cases, contractors, athletes and performers that participate in our events. Actions by athletes and performers that are out of our control may also result in certain countries barring them from traveling internationally, which could adversely affect our business. If our key personnel, contractors, athletes and performers that participate in our events were prevented from conducting their work internationally for any reason, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our failure to continue to build and maintain our entertainment properties could adversely affect our operating results. We must continue to build and maintain our strong brand identities to attract and retain fans who have a number of entertainment choices. The creation, marketing and distribution of live events and programming content that our fans value and enjoy is at the core of our business. The production of compelling live, televised and streamed content is critical to our ability to generate revenues across our media platforms and product outlets. Also important are effective consumer communications, such as marketing, customer service and public relations. The role of social media use by fans and by us is an important factor in our brand perception. If our efforts to create compelling services and goods and/or otherwise promote and maintain our properties, services and merchandise are not successful, our ability to attract and retain fans may be adversely affected. Such a result would likely lead to a decline in our television ratings, attendance at our live events, and/or otherwise impact our sales of goods and services, which would adversely affect our operating results. Our failure to retain or continue to discover key athletes and performers could lead to a decline in the appeal of our events, our storylines and the popularity of its brand of entertainment, which could adversely affect its operating results. Our success depends, in large part, upon our ability to identify, discover and retain athletes and athletic performers who have the physical ability and presence or charisma to succeed in our live events, programming content and, with respect to WWE, the portrayal of characters in our live events and programming. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue to identify these athletes and performers. Additionally, throughout our history, athletes and performers from time to time have stopped participating in our events for any number of reasons, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to retain our current athletes and performers either during the terms of their contracts or when their contracts expire. Our failure to attract and retain key athletes and performers, an increase in the costs required to attract and retain such athletes and performers, or a serious or untimely injury to, or the death of, or unexpected or premature loss or retirement for any reason of, any of our key athletes or performers could lead to a decline in the popularity of our brand of entertainment and events. Any of the foregoing issues could adversely affect our operating results. 21 Table of Contents Failure to protect our IT Systems and Confidential Information against breakdowns, security breaches, and other cybersecurity risks could result in financial penalties, legal liability, and/or reputational harm, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We rely on hardware, software, technology infrastructure, online sites and networks, and various computer systems (such as our information systems, content distribution systems, ticketing systems, and payment processing systems) (collectively, IT Systems ), to conduct our business. We also rely on the technology systems of third parties (including Paramount+, Netflix, ESPN, and Peacock) with which we partner in our operations. Some IT Systems used in our operations are legacy IT systems from businesses we have acquired, which may remain separately managed from other IT Systems of our business, may be difficult to integrate with other portions of our business in the future, or may require additional resources to maintain in a secure and functional manner. We own and manage some of these IT Systems but generally rely on third parties for a range of IT Systems and related products and services, including but not limited to cloud computing services, payment processing, and ticketing services. We and certain of our third-party providers use these IT Systems to collect, maintain and process data about employees, consumers, event participants, business partners and others, including personal information, as well as proprietary information belonging to our business such as trade secrets (collectively, Confidential Information ). Any of these IT Systems and Confidential Information are vulnerable to service interruptions, security breaches, and other cybersecurity risks that threaten their confidentiality, integrity and availability, including as a result of inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, partners, and vendors, or from attacks by threat actors or other malicious third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise, including organized criminal groups, hacktivists, state-sponsored organizations, and others. For instance, we may be subject to boycotts, spam, spyware, ransomware, phishing and social engineering, viruses, worms, malware, DDOS attacks, password attacks, man-in-the-middle attacks, cybersquatting, impersonation of employees or officers, abuse of comments and message boards, fake reviews, doxing, and swatting. We are also vulnerable to the risk of malicious code being embedded in open-source software, or misconfigurations, bugs or other vulnerabilities in commercial software that is integrated into our (or our suppliers or service providers ) IT Systems, products or services. Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in frequency and magnitude, and the techniques and tools (including artificial intelligence) used to breach security safeguards, circumvent security controls, evade detection and remove forensic evidence are evolving rapidly. As a result, cyberattacks may be difficult to detect for an extended period of time, and the measures we take to safeguard our technology may not adequately prevent them. There can be no assurance that our investments in information technology and our efforts to protect our Confidential Information and that of our other business relationships will prevent service interruptions, security breaches, and other cybersecurity risks in our IT Systems or the unauthorized or inadvertent wrongful use or disclosure of such Confidential Information. There can also be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our IT Systems and Confidential Information, including where acquired entities are involved or being integrated. Moreover, because we make extensive use of third party suppliers and service providers, such as cloud services that support our internal and external-facing operations, successful cyberattacks that disrupt or result in unauthorized access to third party IT Systems can materially impact our operations and financial results. We and certain of our third-party providers have experienced cyberattacks and other security incidents, and we expect such attacks and incidents to continue to occur in varying degrees. While to date no incidents have had a material impact on our operations or financial results, we cannot guarantee that material incidents will not occur in the future. Our insurance policies covering data security, privacy liability, and cyber-attacks may not be adequate to cover losses arising from incidents, or they may not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. We would also be exposed to a risk of loss or litigation (including class action lawsuits) and potential liabili