=== MPC_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Rate Regulation Some of our existing pipelines are considered interstate common carrier pipelines subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) under the Interstate Commerce Act (the ICA ), Energy Policy Act of 1992 ( EPAct 1992 ) and the rules and regulations promulgated under those laws. The ICA and FERC regulations require that tariff rates for oil pipelines, a category that includes crude oil and petroleum product pipelines, be just and reasonable and the terms and conditions of service must not be unduly discriminatory. The ICA permits interested persons to challenge newly proposed tariff rates or terms and conditions of service, or any change to tariff rates or terms and conditions of service, and authorizes FERC to suspend the effectiveness of such proposal or change for a period of time to investigate. If, upon completion of an investigation, FERC finds that the new or changed service or rate is unlawful, it is authorized to require the carrier to refund the revenues in excess of the prior tariff collected during the pendency of the investigation. An interested person may also challenge existing terms and conditions of service or rates and FERC may order a carrier to change its terms and conditions of service or rates prospectively. Upon an appropriate showing, a shipper may also obtain reparations from a pipeline for damages sustained as a result of rates or terms which FERC deemed were not just and reasonable. Such reparation damages may accrue from the complaint through the final order and during the two years prior to the filing of a complaint. The EPAct 1992 deemed certain interstate petroleum pipeline rates then in effect to be just and reasonable under the ICA. These rates are commonly referred to as grandfathered rates. Our rates for interstate transportation service in effect for the 365-day period ending on the date of the passage of the EPAct 1992 were deemed just and reasonable and therefore are grandfathered. Subsequent changes to those rates are not grandfathered. New rates have since been established after the EPAct 1992 for certain pipelines, and certain of our pipelines have subsequently been approved to charge market-based rates. FERC permits regulated oil pipelines to change their rates within prescribed ceiling levels that are tied to an inflation index. A carrier must, as a general rule, utilize the indexing methodology to change its rates. Cost-of-service ratemaking, market-based rates and settlement rates are alternatives to the indexing approach and may be used in certain specified circumstances to change rates. Air GHG Emissions Certain states and regions have adopted, or are considering, rules regulating GHG emissions. These measures may include state actions to develop statewide or regional programs to report and reduce GHG emissions by means of cap and trade programs that typically require major sources of GHG emissions to acquire and surrender emission allowances in return for emitting those GHGs. For example, California has extended its Cap-and-Invest (formerly, Cap-and-Trade) program through 2045. As the emission reduction goals of the program increase, the compliance costs for California refineries may significantly disadvantage in-state refineries as compared to out-of-state refineries depending on multiple factors including the number of allowances granted to in-state refineries. State GHG emission rules may also include low-carbon fuel standards, such as the California program, or a state carbon tax. In all, these state measures could result in increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities, capital expenditures to install new emission controls and costs to administer any carbon trading or tax programs implemented. States are increasingly announcing aspirational goals to be net-zero carbon emissions by a certain date through both legislation and executive orders. To date, these states have not provided significant details as to achievement of these goals; however, meeting these aspirations will require a reduction in fossil fuel combustion and/or a mechanism to capture GHGs from the 10 Table of Contents atmosphere. As a result, we cannot currently predict the impact of these potential regulations on our liquidity, financial position, or results of operations. International jurisdictions have adopted or are considering adopting laws related to the disclosure and regulation of GHG emissions. For example, the European Union Emissions Trading System ( ETS ) is a cap-and-trade type program. GHG emissions from maritime transport became subject to the ETS in 2024. These laws could result in increased costs to distribute our products to foreign jurisdictions. The EPA s final rule titled Standards of Performance for New, Reconstructed, and Modified Sources and Emissions Guidelines for Existing Sources: Oil and Natural Gas Sector Climate Review, which was published in March 2024, requires MPLX to control and reduce methane emissions within its natural gas gathering and boosting operations and gas processing facilities. In 2025, the EPA extended the compliance deadlines for several provisions in the rule. The rule is consistent with the voluntary methane reduction programs that MPLX has been implementing through its Focus on Methane Program. As a result, although the rule requires MPLX to make additional investments to further reduce methane emissions, we do not believe the rule will have a material impact to our operations. Other Air Emissions The CAA and comparable state laws restrict the emission of air pollutants from many sources and impose various monitoring and reporting requirements. These laws and any implementing regulations may require us to obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain projects or facilities expected to produce or significantly increase air emissions, obtain and strictly comply with stringent air permit requirements, utilize specific equipment or technologies to control emissions, or aggregate two or more of our facilities into one application for permitting purposes. We believe that our operations are in substantial compliance with applicable air permitting and control technology requirements. However, we may be required to incur capital expenditures and may continue to incur capital expenditures in the future for installation of air pollution control equipment and may encounter construction or operational delays while applying for, or awaiting the review, processing and issuance of, new or amended permits, and we may be required to modify certain of our operations which could increase our operating costs. In February 2024, the EPA lowered the primary annual National Ambient Air Quality Standard ( NAAQS ) for particulate matter ( PM2.5 ) from 12.0 g/m3 to 9.0 g/m3. Lowering of the NAAQS and subsequent designation as a nonattainment area could result in increased costs associated with, or result in cancellation or delay of, capital projects at our or our customers facilities, or could require emission reductions that could result in increased costs to us or our customers. The final rule is under appeal, and on November 24, 2025, the EPA filed a motion indicating the rule had been issued in error and asked the court to vacate the rule. We cannot predict the effects of the various state implementation plan requirements at this time. In California, the Governing Board for the South Coast Air Quality Management District ( SCAQMD ) adopted Rule 1109.1 in November 2021, which establishes Best Available Retrofit Control Technology ( BARCT ) oxides of nitrogen ( NOx ) and carbon monoxide ( CO ) emission limits for combustion equipment at petroleum refineries. To comply with Rule 1109.1, the Los Angeles Refinery has established a facility mass emission cap, which is being phased in through 2032. To date, the refinery has completed Phase 1 and Phase 2, which has resulted in the refinery achieving over 80 percent of the required NOx emissions reductions. The remaining 20 percent of NOx reductions required under Phase 3 must be completed by 2032. The rule has resulted, and will result, in increased costs to operate and maintain our Los Angeles Refinery. Water Our operations are subject to the CWA, the Safe Drinking Water Act ( SWDA ) and comparable state and local requirements. These laws prohibit discharge into surface waters, ground waters, injection wells and publicly-owned treatment works except in conformance with legal authorization. We maintain numerous pre-treatment permits and discharge permits as required under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System program of the CWA and have implemented systems to oversee our compliance with these permits. The CWA also regulates filling or discharges to wetlands and other waters of the United States. The scope of water bodies and wetlands covered under the definition of waters of the United States has evolved through various rulemakings and court decisions. To the extent the federal rule does not apply, an analogous state law may apply. In addition, we are regulated under OPA-90, which, among other things, requires the owner or operator of a tank vessel or a facility to maintain an emergency plan to respond to releases of oil or hazardous substances. OPA-90 also requires the responsible company to pay resulting removal costs and damages and provides for civil penalties and criminal sanctions for violations of its provisions. We operate tank vessels and facilities from which spills of oil and hazardous substances could occur. We have implemented emergency oil response plans for all of our components and facilities covered by OPA-90 and we have established Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasures plans for all facilities subject to such requirements. Some coastal states in which we operate have passed state laws similar to OPA-90, but with expanded liability provisions, that include provisions for cargo owner responsibility as well as ship owner and operator responsibility. As part of our emergency response activities, we have used aqueous film forming foam ( AFFF ) containing per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ( PFAS ) chemicals as a vapor and fire suppressant. At this time, AFFFs containing PFAS are the most effective foams to prevent and control a flammable petroleum-based liquid fire involving a large storage tank or tank containment area. Fluorine-free firefighting foams are currently under development but have not yet proven to be as effective as AFFFs containing PFAS for all applications. 11 Table of Contents In May 2016, the EPA issued lifetime health advisory levels ( HALs ) and health effects support documents for two PFAS substances - perfluorooctanoic acid ( PFOA ) and perfluorooctane sulfonate ( PFOS ). These HALs were updated in June 2022, when the EPA also issued HALs for two additional PFAS substances. In February 2019, the EPA issued a PFAS Action Plan identifying actions it is planning to take to study and regulate various PFAS chemicals. The EPA identified that it would evaluate, among other actions, (1) proposing national drinking water standards for PFOA and PFOS, (2) developing cleanup recommendations for PFOA and PFOS, (3) evaluating the listing of PFOA and PFOS as hazardous substances under CERCLA, and (4) conducting toxicity assessments for other PFAS chemicals. Also, on April 26, 2024, the EPA issued a final rule establishing national drinking water standards for PFOS, PFOA, perfluorohexane sulfonic acid ( PFHxS ), perfluorononanoic acid ( PFNA ), perfluorobutane sulfonic acid ( PFBS ), and hexafluoropropylene oxide dimer acid and its ammonium salt (also known as GenX ). Congress may also take further action to regulate PFAS. We cannot currently predict the impact of these regulations on our operations. In addition, many states are actively proposing and adopting legislation and regulations relating to the use of AFFFs containing PFAS. Additionally, many states are using the EPA HALs for PFOS and PFOA and some states are adopting and proposing state-specific drinking water and cleanup standards for various PFAS, including but not limited to PFOS and PFOA. We cannot currently predict the impact of these regulations on our liquidity, financial position, or results of operations. Solid and Hazardous Waste We continue to seek methods to minimize the generation of solid and hazardous wastes in our operations. RCRA establishes standards for the management of solid and hazardous wastes. We may incur liability under RCRA, and comparable or more stringent state statutes, which impose requirements relating to the handling and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous wastes. It is possible that some wastes generated by us that are currently classified as non-hazardous wastes may in the future be designated as hazardous wastes, resulting in the wastes being subject to more rigorous and costly transportation, storage, treatment and disposal requirements. Besides affecting waste disposal practices, RCRA also addresses the environmental effects of certain past waste disposal operations, the recycling of wastes and the regulation of USTs containing regulated substances. Remediation We own or operate, or have owned or operated, certain convenience stores and other locations where, during the normal course of operations, releases of refined products from USTs have occurred. Federal and state laws require that contamination caused by such releases at these sites be assessed and remediated to meet applicable standards. A portion of these remediation costs may be recoverable from the appropriate state UST reimbursement funds once the applicable deductibles have been satisfied. We also have ongoing remediation projects at a number of our current and former refinery and midstream locations. For a discussion of environmental capital expenditures and costs of compliance, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Environmental Matters and Compliance Costs. Claims under CERCLA and similar state acts have been raised with respect to the clean-up of various waste disposal and other sites. CERCLA is intended to facilitate the clean-up of hazardous substances without regard to fault. Potentially responsible parties for each site include present and former owners and operators of, transporters to and generators of the hazardous substances at the site. Liability is strict and can be joint and several. Because of various factors including the difficulty of identifying the responsible parties for any particular site, the complexity of determining the relative liability among them, the uncertainty as to the most desirable remediation techniques and the amount of damages and clean-up costs and the time period during which such costs may be incurred, we are unable to reasonably estimate our ultimate cost of compliance with CERCLA; however, we do not believe such costs will be material to our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. RCRA and similar state laws may also impose liability for removing or remediating releases of hazardous or non-hazardous wastes from impacted properties. The EPA s rule designating PFOS and PFOA as hazardous substances under CERCLA Section 102(a) became effective on July 8, 2024. The rule has been challenged in court. In addition, the EPA has received three petitions requesting regulatory action on PFAS under RCRA and in February 2024, proposed two regulations that would add nine PFAS, including PFOA and PFOS, to the list of RCRA hazardous constituents and broaden the definition of hazardous waste applicable to corrective action requirements at hazardous waste treatment, storage, and disposal facilities. We cannot currently predict the impact of potential statutes or regulations on our remediation costs. Vehicle and Fuel Requirements Fuel Economy and GHG Emission Standards for Vehicles The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) establishes corporate average fuel economy ( CAFE ) standards for passenger cars and light trucks. In December 2025, NHTSA proposed to amend the fuel economy standards for light-duty vehicles for model years ( MYs") 2022 2026 and MYs 2027 2031. In its proposal, NHTSA stated that it could not consider battery-powered electric vehicles ( EVs ) when setting the revised standards. NHTSA predicts that the revised standards equate to an industry fleetwide average of roughly 34.5 miles per gallon ( mpg ) for MY 2031. In 2009, the EPA determined the GHG emissions from motor vehicles contributed to the greenhouse gas pollution that threatens public health and welfare ( Endangerment Finding ). As a result, the EPA began setting GHG emission standards for vehicles, 12 Table of Contents which increased in stringency over time and would require a significant increase in electric vehicle production to meet the standards. In February 2026, the EPA rescinded the Endangerment Finding and revoked all existing GHG emission standards for vehicles. The EPA will continue to regulate traditional air pollutants from motor vehicles. The EPA s rescission of the Endangerment Finding and elimination of the GHG Emission standards has been challenged in court. In addition, California may establish different, more stringent vehicle standards that could apply in multiple states if granted a Clean Air Act waiver by the EPA. In January 2025, the EPA granted California a waiver for its Advanced Clean Cars II regulation, which bans the sale of internal combustion engine vehicles in California in 2035. Congress, however, disapproved the EPA s waiver through the Congressional Review Act process, which means the waiver is no longer valid and California cannot enforce its Advanced Clean Cars II program. California has challenged Congress s disapproval in court. Renewable Fuels Standards and Low Carbon Fuel Standards Pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and the EISA, Congress established a Renewable Fuel Standard ( RFS ) program that requires annual volumes of renewable fuel be blended into domestic transportation fuel. The statutory volumes apply through calendar year 2022. After calendar year 2022, the statute gives the EPA the authority to set the annual volumes. The EPA has proposed annual volumes for 2026 and 2027 that increase the volume of renewable fuel that must be blended year over year. The EPA is also considering reallocation of small refinery exempted volumes to the non-exempt refineries. There is currently no regulatory method for verifying the validity of most RINs sold on the open market. We have developed a RIN integrity program to vet the RINs that we purchase, and we incur costs to audit RIN generators. Nevertheless, if any of the RINs that we purchase and use for compliance are found to be invalid, we could incur costs and penalties for replacing the invalid RINs. In addition to the federal Renewable Fuel Standards, certain states have, or are considering, promulgation of state renewable or low carbon fuel standards. For example, California has implemented a low carbon fuel standard program that requires a reduction in the carbon intensity of liquid fuel sold for use in the state over time. We incur costs to comply with these state low carbon fuel standard programs, and these costs may increase if the cost of credits increases. In sum, the RFS has required, and may in the future continue to require, additional capital expenditures or expenses by us to accommodate increased renewable fuels use. We may experience a decrease in demand for refined products due to an increase in combined fleet mileage or due to refined products being replaced by renewable fuels. Demand for our refined products also may decrease as a result of low carbon fuel standard programs or electric vehicle mandates. Safety Matters We are subject to oversight pursuant to the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended ( OSH Act ), as well as comparable state statutes that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. We believe that we have conducted our operations in substantial compliance with regulations promulgated pursuant to the OSH Act, including general industry standards, record-keeping requirements and monitoring of occupational exposure to regulated substances. We are also subject at regulated facilities to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration s Process Safety Management and the EPA s Risk Management Program ( RMP ) requirements, which are intended to prevent or minimize the consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. In 2024, the EPA finalized revisions to its RMP regulation. The revisions include a requirement that refineries with hydrofluoric acid alkylation units perform a safer technologies and alternatives analysis as part of the process hazard analysis and to document the feasibility of inherent safety measures. The application of these regulations can result in increased compliance expenditures. Additionally, three non-governmental organizations have filed a lawsuit asking the court to order the EPA to issue a rule under TSCA that would mitigate, or potentially ban, the use of hydrofluoric acid at petroleum refineries. The Western States Petroleum Association has moved to intervene in the lawsuit. In general, we expect industry and regulatory safety standards to become more stringent over time, resulting in increased compliance expenditures. While these expenditures cannot be accurately estimated at this time, we do not expect such expenditures will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The U.S. Department of Transportation ( DOT ) has adopted safety regulations with respect to the design, construction, operation, maintenance, inspection and management of our pipeline assets. These regulations contain requirements for the development and implementation of pipeline integrity management programs, which include the inspection and testing of pipelines and the correction of anomalies. These regulations also require that pipeline operation and maintenance personnel meet certain qualifications and that pipeline operators develop comprehensive spill response plans. Security We have several facilities that are subject to the United States Coast Guard s Maritime Transportation Security Act, and a number of other facilities that are subject to the Transportation Security Administration s Pipeline Security Guidelines and are designated as Critical Facilities. We have an internal inspection program designed to monitor and ensure compliance with all of these requirements. We believe that we are in material compliance with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the security of our facilities. 13 Table of Contents Tribal Lands Various federal agencies, including the EPA and the Department of the Interior, along with certain Native American tribes, promulgate and enforce regulations pertaining to oil and gas operations on Native American tribal lands where we operate. These regulations include such matters as lease provisions, drilling and production requirements, and standards to protect environmental quality and cultural resources. In addition, each Native American tribe is a sovereign nation having the right to enforce certain laws and regulations and to grant approvals independent from federal, state and local statutes and regulations. These laws and regulations may increase our costs of doing business on Native American tribal lands and impact the viability of, or prevent or delay our ability to conduct, our operations on such lands. TRADEMARKS, PATENTS AND LICENSES Our Marathon and ARCO trademarks are material to the conduct of our refining and marketing operations. We currently hold a number of U.S. and foreign patents and have various pending patent applications. Although in the aggregate our patents and licenses are important to us, we do not regard any single patent or license or group of related patents or licenses as critical or essential to our business as a whole. In general, we depend on our technological capabilities and the application of know-how rather than patents and licenses in the conduct of our operations. HUMAN CAPITAL We believe our employees are our greatest asset of strength, and our culture reflects the quality of individuals across our workforce. Our collaborative efforts, which include fostering an inclusive environment, providing broad-based development and mentorship opportunities, recognizing and rewarding accomplishments and offering benefits that support the well-being of our employees and their families, contribute to increased engagement and fulfilling careers. Empowering our people and prioritizing accountability are also key components for developing MPC s high-performing culture, which is critical to achieving our strategic vision. Employee Profile As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 18,500 people in full-time and part-time roles. Many of these employees provide services to MPLX, for which we are reimbursed in accordance with employee service agreements. Approximately 3,800 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Safety We are committed to safe operations to protect the health and safety of our employees, contractors and communities. Our commitment to safe operations is reflected in our safety systems design, our well-maintained equipment and by learning from our incidents. Part of our effort to promote safety includes our Operational Excellence Management System, which expands on the RC14001 scope, incorporates a Plan-Do-Check-Act continual improvement cycle, and aligns with ISO 9001, incorporating quality and an increased stakeholder and process focus. Together, these components of our safety management system provide us with a comprehensive approach to managing risks and preventing incidents, illnesses and fatalities. Additionally, our annual cash bonus program includes a broad set of measures tied to safety, environmental stewardship and human capital management. Talent Management Our People Strategy holistically addresses the dynamic business environment we operate in. It enables us to be an employer of choice in the face of shifting talent needs and availability. Executing our People Strategy requires that we attract and retain the best talent with the right skills and capabilities when we need them. Attracting and retaining top talent involves presenting employees with the tools for success and providing opportunities for long-term engagement and career advancement. MPC also provides job architecture with defined skills and competencies, along with tools and people processes to identify skill gaps and support career development to help our employees grow. Our Talent Acquisition team consists of three segments: Executive Recruiting, Experienced Recruiting and University Recruiting. The specialization within each group allows us to specifically address MPC s broad range of current and future talent needs, as well as devote time and attention to candidates during the hiring process. We believe each candidate brings a new perspective to our workforce, and we actively seek candidates with a variety of backgrounds and experience. We equip our employees at every level with classroom training, online courses and on the job activities that provide the knowledge and skills necessary to perform their daily job functions safely and successfully. Simultaneously, we support our employees with a wide range of career development programs, tools, and key talent processes to help them advance and grow their careers within MPC. Compensation and Benefits To ensure we are offering competitive pay packages, we annually benchmark compensation, including base salaries, bonus levels and long-term incentive targets. Our annual bonus program, for which all employees are eligible, is a critical component of our compensation as it rewards employees for MPC s achievement against preset goals, encouraging employee commitment 14 Table of Contents and ownership of results. Employees in our senior leader pay grades, as well as most other leaders, receive long-term incentive awards annually to align their compensation to the interests of MPC shareholders and MPLX unitholders. We offer comprehensive benefits that are also benchmarked annually, including medical, dental and vision insurance for our employees, their spouses or domestic partners, and their dependents. We also provide retirement programs, including a 401(k) plan and active defined benefit plan, life insurance, family building and support programs, sick and disability benefits, education assistance, as well as support the well-being of our employees and their families through a comprehensive Employee Assistance Program and financial wellness tools. In addition, we encourage our employees to refresh and recharge by providing competitive vacation programs and paid parental leave benefits for birth mothers and nonbirth parents. Further, we award a significant number of college and trade school scholarships to high school senior children of our employees through the Marathon Petroleum Scholars Program. Both full-time and part-time employees are eligible for these benefits. Inclusion Inclusion is embedded in our People Strategy, guided by our core values, and supported by a dedicated team of subject matter experts and leadership. Our approach is grounded in our belief that a workplace where employees feel respected, supported and empowered to contribute their best leads to better performance and safer operations. By embedding inclusion and opportunity into the way we work, we strengthen collaboration, fuel innovation and position MPC for long-term success. We promote inclusivity and respect among our employees. We recognize that when employees feel valued, it shows in their performance. Our employee networks demonstrate this by offering voluntary opportunities for employees to connect with others. Any employee may choose to join any of the seven groups - ADAPT, ARISE, FAMILIA, HONOR, HOPE, PRIDE, and PROMISE. Led by employees with involvement and support from executive sponsors, our networks connect colleagues from across the company and provide opportunities for development, networking, and community involvement. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Following is information about MPC s executive and corporate officers: Name Age as of February 1, 2026 Position with MPC Maryann T. Mannen* 63 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Maria A. Khoury* 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Molly R. Benson* 59 Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Michael A. Henschen II* 55 Executive Vice President Refining David R. Heppner 59 Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President Business Development Rick D. Hessling* 59 Chief Commercial Officer Fiona C. Laird 64 Chief Human Resources Officer and Senior Vice President Communications Brian K. Partee 52 Chief Business Transformation Officer Ehren D. Powell 46 Senior Vice President and Chief Digital Officer Julian R. Stoll 57 Senior Vice President Value Chain Optimization James R. Wilkins 59 Senior Vice President Health, Environment, Safety and Security Erin M. Brzezinski* 43 Vice President and Controller Kristina A. Kazarian 43 Vice President Finance and Investor Relations Kelly S. Niese 46 Vice President Treasury Gregory S. Floerke* 62 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of MPLX GP LLC Shawn M. Lyon* 58 Senior Vice President Logistics Storage of MPLX GP LLC * Executive officer. Officers not so designated are corporate officers. Ms. Mannen was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, effective August 2024. She was elected Chairman of the Board effective January 2026, having served as a member of the Board since August 2024. Ms. Mannen previously served as President since January 2024, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from January 2021 through December 2023. Ms. Mannen also was elected Chairman of MPLX s Board of Directors, effective January 2026, having served as President and Chief Executive Officer of MPLX since August 2024, and as a member of MPLX s Board of Directors since February 2021. Before joining MPC, she was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TechnipFMC (a successor to FMC Technologies, Inc.), a leading global engineering services and energy technology company, beginning in 2017, having previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of FMC Technologies, Inc. since 2014, as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2011, and in various positions of increasing responsibility with FMC Technologies, Inc. since 1986. Ms. Mannen serves as chairman of the American Petroleum Institute (API), on the executive committee of American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) and the executive committee of the Ohio Business Roundtable, and is 15 Table of Contents a member of The Business Council. She also serves as secretary of the Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion board of directors and is a member of its executive and finance committees. Ms. Khoury was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective January 19, 2026. She also has served as a member of MPLX s Board since January 19, 2026. Before joining MPC, Ms. Khoury was Vice President, Group CFO Biotechnology, Life Sciences for Danaher Corporation, a global science and technology innovator, since 2021. Ms. Khoury was CFO Cytiva, Danaher Life Sciences Vice President Finance and IT, from 2020 to 2021, and CFO GE Life Sciences, GE Healthcare from 2017 through its acquisition by Danaher in 2019. From 2010 to 2017, Ms. Khoury served in financial leadership positions within GE Oil Gas, including as CFO of GE s Oil Gas Drilling Surface division. From 1999 to 2010, she held domestic and international positions of increasing responsibility in financial planning and analysis and treasury for GE Corporate and GE Capital Treasury. Before joining GE in 1999, Ms. Khoury spent five years with Cargill, Inc., where she began her finance career. Ms. Benson was appointed Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, effective January 2024, having previously served as Vice President, Chief Securities, Governance Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary since 2018, and as Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary since 2016. Prior to her 2016 appointment, Ms. Benson served as Assistant General Counsel Corporate and Finance beginning in 2012, and as Group Counsel Corporate and Finance beginning in 2011. Ms. Laird was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer and Senior Vice President Communications, effective February 2021, having previously served as Chief Human Resources Officer since October 2018. Prior to her 2018 appointment, she served as Chief Human Resources Officer at Andeavor beginning in February 2018. Before joining Andeavor, Ms. Laird was Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer for Newell Brands, a global consumer goods company, beginning in 2016 and Executive Vice President Human Resources for Unilever, a global consumer goods company, beginning in 2011. Mr. Henschen was appointed Executive Vice President Refining, effective June 2025, having previously served as Senior Vice President Refining since October 2024. Prior to his 2024 appointment, he served as Vice President Refining beginning in 2020, as Director Refining, Reliability and Engineering beginning in 2017, as maintenance manager for the Detroit refinery and then the Galveston Bay refinery beginning in 2011, and as a refining planner beginning in 2004. Mr. Henschen serves on the executive board of directors for the Louisiana Mid-Continent Oil and Gas Association (LMOGA). Mr. Heppner was appointed Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President Business Development, effective March 2024, having previously served as Senior Vice President Strategy and Business Development since February 2021. Prior to his 2021 appointment, he served as Vice President Commercial and Business Development beginning in 2018, as Senior Vice President of Engineering Services and Corporate Support of Speedway LLC beginning in 2014, and as Director Wholesale Marketing beginning in 2010. Mr. Hessling was appointed Chief Commercial Officer, effective January 2024, having previously served as Senior Vice President Global Feedstocks since February 2021. Prior to his 2021 appointment, he served as Senior Vice President Crude Oil Supply and Logistics beginning in 2018, as Manager Crude Oil Natural Gas Supply and Trading beginning in 2014, and as Crude Oil Logistics Analysis Manager beginning in 2011. Mr. Partee was appointed Chief Business Transformation Officer, effective April 2025, having previously served as Chief Global Optimization Officer since January 2024. Prior to his 2024 appointment, he served as Senior Vice President Global Clean Products beginning in February 2021, as Senior Vice President Marketing beginning in October 2018, as Vice President Business Development beginning in February 2018, as Director Business Development beginning in 2017, as Manager Crude Oil Logistics beginning in 2014, and as Vice President Business Development and Franchise at Speedway beginning in 2012. Mr. Powell was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Digital Officer, effective July 2020. Before joining MPC, he was Vice President and Chief Information Officer ( CIO ) at GE Healthcare, a segment of General Electric Company ( GE ) that provides medical technologies and services, beginning in 2018, having previously served as Senior Vice President and CIO Services at GE, a multinational conglomerate, beginning in 2017, as CIO Power Services at GE Power beginning in 2014, and in various positions of increasing responsibility with GE and its subsidiaries since 2000. Mr. Stoll was appointed Senior Vice President Value Chain Optimization, effective March 2025. Before joining MPC, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at VARO Energy, a diversified energy company in Switzerland, beginning in January 2022, having previously served as Chief Operating Officer since March 2020. Previously, Mr. Stoll spent nearly 30 years at Phillips 66, an integrated downstream energy provider, and its predecessor ConocoPhillips, serving in roles of increasing responsibility including as Vice President, Refining Operations and as Vice President, Business Transformation. Mr. Wilkins was appointed Senior Vice President Health, Environment, Safety and Security, effective February 2021. Prior to this appointment, he served as Vice President Environment, Safety and Security beginning in 2018, as Director Environment, Safety, Security and Product Quality beginning in 2016, and as Director Refining Environmental, Safety, Security and Process Safety Management beginning in 2013. 16 Table of Contents Ms. Brzezinski was appointed Vice President and Controller, effective January 2024. Prior to this appointment, she served as Assistant Controller, Technical Accounting, since August 2021, having previously served as Manager, Accounting, since 2019. Before joining MPC, Ms. Brzezinski was Director, Assurance and Audit Services, at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a professional services and accounting firm, beginning in 2018, and Senior Manager beginning in 2013. She was Manager, Technical Accounting, at Cooper Tire Rubber Company, an automotive tire manufacturer, from 2011 to 2013. Previously, Ms. Brzezinski served in positions of increasing responsibility with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP beginning in 2004. Ms. Kazarian was appointed Vice President Finance and Investor Relations, effective January 2023, having previously served as Vice President Investor Relations since 2018. Before joining MPC, she was Managing Director and head of the MLP, Midstream and Refining Equity Research teams at Credit Suisse, a global investment bank and financial services company, beginning in 2017. Previously, Ms. Kazarian was Managing Director of MLP, Midstream and Natural Gas Equity Research at Deutsche Bank, a global investment bank and financial services company, beginning in 2014, and an analyst specializing on various energy industry subsectors with Fidelity Management Research Company, a privately held investment manager, beginning in 2005. Ms. Niese was appointed Vice President Treasury, effective January 2023. Prior to this appointment, she served as Assistant Treasurer beginning in February 2017, as Corporate Finance Manager beginning in October 2014, and as Brand Coordinating Manager beginning in 2011, having previously served in various analytical roles within Crude Supply, Terminals, Transportation and Rail and Internal Audit since joining MPC in 2003. Mr. Floerke was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of MPLX, effective February 2021, having previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Gathering and Processing, Trucks and Rail, since August 2020. Prior to his 2020 appointment, he served as Executive Vice President Gathering and Processing beginning in 2018, as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, MarkWest Operations, beginning in July 2017, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, MarkWest Assets, beginning in December 2015 upon our acquisition of MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. Before joining MPLX, Mr. Floerke was Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at MarkWest beginning in 2015, and Senior Vice President, Northeast Region, at MarkWest beginning in 2013. Previously, he held senior management positions at Access Midstream Partners, L.P. from 2011 until 2013. Mr. Floerke is a member of the board of directors of TransTech Group, LLC. Mr. Lyon was appointed Senior Vice President Logistics and Storage of MPLX, effective September 2022, having previously served as Vice President Operations and President Marathon Pipe Line LLC since 2018. Prior to his 2018 appointment, he served as Vice President of Operations for Marathon Pipe Line LLC beginning in 2011. Previously, Mr. Lyon served in various roles of increasing responsibility with MPC since 1989, including as Manager Marketing and Transportation Engineering beginning in 2010, and as District Manager Transport and Rail beginning in 2008. He served as board chair for Liquid Energy Pipeline Association in 2023 and chairs the board of the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port (LOOP). AVAILABLE INFORMATION General information about MPC, including our Corporate Governance Principles, our Code of Business Conduct and our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, can be found on our website at www.marathonpetroleum.com/Investors/Corporate-Governance/ . We would post on our website any amendments to, or waivers from, either of our codes requiring disclosure under applicable rules within four business days following any such amendment or waiver. Charters for the Audit Committee, Compensation and Organization Development Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and Sustainability and Public Policy Committee are also available on our website at www.marathonpetroleum.com/About/Board-of-Directors/ . We use our website, www.marathonpetroleum.com , as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, analyst presentations, financial information and market data. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments and exhibits to those reports, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are filed or furnished with the SEC, or on the SEC s website. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . These documents are also available in hard copy, free of charge, by contacting our Investor Relations office. In addition, our website allows investors and other interested persons to sign up to automatically receive email alerts when we post news releases and financial information on our website. Information contained on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or other securities filings. 17 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by these risks, and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. We have in the past been adversely affected by certain of, and may in the future be affected by, these risks. Business and Operational Risks Our financial results are affected by volatile refining margins, which are dependent on factors beyond our control. Our operating results, cash flows, future rate of growth, the carrying value of our assets and our ability to execute share repurchases and pay our dividend at intended levels are highly dependent on the margins we realize on our refined products. Historically, refined product margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile. Our margins from the sale of refined products are influenced by a number of conditions, including the price of crude oil and other feedstocks. The prices of feedstocks and the prices at which we can sell our refined products fluctuate independently due to a variety of regional and global market factors that are beyond our control, including: global and regional inventory levels and availability of and demand for feedstocks and refined products; transportation infrastructure cost and availability; temporary and permanent closures, utilization levels and capacities of other refineries in our markets and globally; global and regional development by competitors of new refining or renewable conversion capacity; natural gas and electricity availability and supply costs; global and domestic political instability, threatened or actual terrorist incidents, armed conflict, economic activity and growth levels or lack thereof or other global political or economic conditions; tariffs on goods, including crude oil and other feedstocks, imported into the United States; local weather conditions; and the occurrence of other risks described herein. Some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. The longer-term effects of these and other factors on refined product margins are uncertain. We generally purchase our feedstocks weeks before we refine them and sell the refined products. Price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined products from these feedstocks can have a significant effect on our financial results. We also purchase refined products manufactured by others for resale to our customers. Price changes during the periods between purchasing and reselling those refined products can have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Lower refined product margins, including renewable diesel margins have in the past, and may in the future, lead us to reduce the amount of refined products we produce, which may reduce our revenues, income from operations and cash flows. Significant reductions in refined product margins could require us to reduce our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets (such as property, plant and equipment, inventory or goodwill), and require us to re-evaluate our capital allocation priorities, including our share repurchase activity, capital spending and dividends. Industry, market, technological and regulatory developments regarding emissions, fuel efficiency and alternative fuel vehicles may decrease demand for liquid transportation fuels. Developments aimed at reducing vehicle emissions, increasing vehicle efficiency or reducing the sale of new internal combustion engine vehicles may decrease the demand and may increase the cost for our liquid transportation fuels. Government mandates or incentives, industry and technological developments and consumer sentiment with respect to liquid transportation fuels may alter fuels or energy preferences or make alternative fuel vehicles more desirable and result in greater market penetration of such vehicles or otherwise decrease demand for our liquid transportation fuels. For example, the federal government through NHTSA and the EPA promulgate rules that require vehicle manufacturers to increase the fuel efficiency standards of liquid transportation fuels vehicles. The EPA has finalized a rule that reduces its current vehicle standards by eliminating regulation of GHG emissions. The new, reduced standards have been challenged in court. In addition, California and several states have adopted regulations that require increased sales of electric vehicles. California, in particular, has passed several regulations mandating electric vehicles. These regulations include Advanced Clean Cars ( ACC ) I, ACC II, and Advanced Clean Trucks. The ACC II and Advanced Clean Trucks regulations are currently not enforceable in absence of federal waivers, but California filed litigation to reinstate the waivers. Moreover, consumer acceptance and market penetration of electric, hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles continues to increase. In 2021, several automobile manufacturers jointly announced their shared goal that 40-50 percent of their new vehicle sales be battery electric, fuel cell or plug-in hybrid vehicles by 2030. Other automobile manufacturers have similar, or more aggressive, goals with respect to vehicle electrification. Technological breakthroughs relating to renewable fuels or other fuel alternatives 18 Table of Contents such as hydrogen or ammonia, or efficiency improvements for internal combustion engines could reduce demand for liquid transportation fuels. Together, these developments have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on sales of our liquid transportation fuels, which in turn could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions and present inherent hazards and risks, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are subject to business interruptions, such as scheduled and unscheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, product quality incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, acts of terrorism, or other natural or man-made disasters. These types of incidents adversely affect our operations and may result in serious personal injury or loss of human life, significant damage to property and equipment, impaired ability to manufacture our products, environmental pollution, and substantial losses. We have experienced certain of these incidents in the past. For assets located near populated areas, the level of damage resulting from these incidents could be greater. In addition, we operate in and adjacent to environmentally sensitive waters where tanker, pipeline, rail car and refined product transportation and storage operations are closely regulated by federal, state and local agencies and monitored by environmental interest groups. Certain of our refineries receive crude oil and other feedstocks by tanker or barge. MPLX operates a fleet of boats and barges to transport light products, heavy oils, crude oil, renewable fuels, chemicals and feedstocks to and from our refineries and terminals. Transportation and storage of crude oil, other feedstocks and refined products over and adjacent to water involves inherent risk and subjects us to the provisions of the OPA-90 and state laws in U.S. coastal and Great Lakes states and states bordering inland waterways on which we operate, as well as international laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. If we are unable to promptly and adequately contain any accident or discharge involving tankers, pipelines, rail cars or above ground storage tanks transporting or storing crude oil, other feedstocks or refined products, we may be subject to substantial liability. In addition, the service providers contracted to aid us in a discharge response may be unavailable due to weather conditions, governmental regulations or other local or global events. Damages resulting from an incident involving any of our assets or operations may result in our being named as a defendant in one or more lawsuits asserting potentially substantial claims or in our being assessed potentially substantial fines by governmental authorities. We are increasingly dependent on the performance of our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers. We are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers for the safe and effective operation of our business. We rely on such systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including financial records and personal data, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including our supply chain, pipeline operations, gathering and processing operations, credit card payments and authorizations at certain of our customers retail outlets, financial transactions, banking and numerous other processes and transactions. Our information systems (and those of our third-party business partners and service providers), including our cloud computing environments and operational technology environments, are subject to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats and attacks, including ransomware and other malware, phishing and social engineering schemes, supply chain attacks, and advanced artificial intelligence attacks, which can compromise our ability to operate, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of data in our systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers. These and other cybersecurity threats may originate with criminal attackers, advanced persistent threats and nation-state actors, state-sponsored actors, or employee error or malfeasance. Cybersecurity threat actors also may attempt to exploit vulnerabilities in software, including software commonly used by companies in cloud-based services and bundled software. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to disable or degrade systems, continuously evolve and some have become increasingly complex and sophisticated, and can remain undetected for a period of time despite efforts to detect and respond in a timely manner, we (and our third-party business partners and service providers) are subject to the risk of cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents. Our cybersecurity and infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and systems, employee training and vendor risk management may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information or impact our systems. We and our third-party vendors and service providers have been and may in the future be subject to cybersecurity events and incidents of varying degrees. To date, the impacts of prior events and incidents have not had a material adverse effect on us. Cybersecurity incidents involving our information technology systems or those of our third-party business partners and service providers can result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial data, personal data, intellectual property and other information; give rise to remediation or other expenses; result in litigation, claims and increased regulatory review, investigations, or scrutiny; reduce our customers willingness to do business with us; disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under international, U.S. federal and state laws. 19 Table of Contents Any of such results could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Increasing regulatory focus on and expanding laws related to data privacy issues could expose us to increased liability, subject us to lawsuits, investigations, reputational harm and increase costs and restrictions on our operations that could significantly and adversely affect our business. Along with our own data and information collected in the normal course of our business, we, and some of our third-party service providers, collect, use, transfer and retain certain data that is subject to specific laws and regulations. The transfer and use of this data both domestically and across international borders is becoming increasingly complex. This data is subject to governmental regulation at international, federal, state and local levels in many areas of our business, including data privacy and security laws such as the European Union ( EU ) and United Kingdom ( UK ) versions of the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ), and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act ( CCPA ). To date, comprehensive state privacy laws have been proposed or passed in more than twenty U.S. states. We also operate in other jurisdictions (such as Mexico, Peru and Singapore) that have issued, or are considering the issuance of, data privacy laws and regulations. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and multiple state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data as well as requiring disclosures regarding such practices. Existing and potential future data privacy laws pose increasingly complex compliance, monitoring and control obligations and could potentially elevate our costs and risk exposure. As the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of such laws continue to progress and evolve, there may also be developments that amplify such costs and risk exposure. Any failure by us, or by a third-party service provider upon which we rely, to comply with these laws and regulations, including as a result of a cybersecurity incident or privacy breach, could expose us to significant penalties and liabilities, including individual claims or consumer class actions, commercial litigation, administrative, and investigations or actions, regulatory intervention and sanctions or fines. As we integrate artificial intelligence technologies into our processes, these technologies may present business, compliance and reputational risks. Recent and continuously evolving technological advances in artificial intelligence ( AI ) and machine-learning technology present new opportunities and also pose new risks. Our integration of these technologies, whether developed internally or procured through our third-party service providers, into our processes may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities. Such risks and liabilities include enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. The utilization of AI could also result in loss of intellectual property and subject us to heightened risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. The use of AI can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that is inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. The availability and cost of renewable identification numbers and credits related to low carbon fuel programs and incentives could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Congress established a RFS program that requires annual volumes of renewable fuel be blended into domestic transportation fuel. As a producer of petroleum-based motor fuels, we are obligated to blend renewable fuels into the products we produce at a rate that is at least commensurate to the EPA s quota and, to the extent we do not, we must purchase RINs in the open market to satisfy our obligation under the RFS program. Additionally, states, including California, have adopted or are considering adopting LCFS programs, which include the generation and purchase of LCFS credits for compliance. We are exposed to the volatility in the market price of RINs, LCFS credits, and other credits for low carbon fuels and we cannot predict the future prices of RINs, LCFS, or other credits. Prices are dependent upon a variety of factors, including the EPA, LCFS, and other regulations, reduction of the benefits, the availability of RINs or credits for purchase, whether any of the products we produce are deemed not to qualify for compliance, and levels of transportation fuels produced, which can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. There is currently no regulatory method for verifying the validity of most RINs sold on the open market. We have developed a RIN integrity program to vet the RINs that we purchase, and we incur costs to audit RIN generators. Nevertheless, if any of the RINs that we purchase and use for compliance are found to be invalid, we could incur costs and penalties for replacing the invalid RINs. See Item 1. Business Regulatory Matters for additional information on these and other regulatory compliance matters. Competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, or have greater financial resources may have a competitive advantage. The refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum products. We compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks, and we do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks. Our competitors include multinational, integrated major oil companies that can obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production. Competitors that produce crude oil are at times better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages. We also compete with other companies for customers for our refined petroleum products. The independent entrepreneurs who operate primarily Marathon-branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply compete with other convenience store chains, outlets owned or operated by integrated major oil companies or their dealers or jobbers, and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling transportation fuels and merchandise at very competitive prices. Non-traditional 20 Table of Contents transportation fuel retailers, such as supermarkets, club stores and mass merchants, may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions or levels of low or no profitability in the retail segment of the market. The loss of market share by those who operate our branded outlets and the direct dealer locations we supply could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may be negatively impacted by inflation. Increases in inflation may have an adverse effect on us. Such increases in inflation could impact the commodity markets generally, the overall demand for our products and services, our costs for labor, material and services and the margins we are able to realize on our products, all of which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Inflation may also result in higher interest rates, which in turn would result in higher interest expense related to our variable rate indebtedness and any borrowings we undertake to refinance existing fixed rate indebtedness. We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined products. We utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. In addition to our own operational risks, we could experience interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted or limited because of weather events, accidents, labor disputes, governmental regulations or third-party actions. In particular, pipelines or railroads provide a nearly exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. A prolonged interruption, material reduction or cessation of service of such a pipeline or railway, whether due to private party or governmental action or other reason, or any other prolonged disruption of the ability of the trucks, pipelines, railways or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products to or from one or more of our refineries, can adversely affect us. A significant decrease in oil and natural gas production in MPLX s areas of operation may adversely affect MPLX s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders, including MPC. A significant portion of MPLX s operations is dependent on the continued availability of natural gas and crude oil production. The production from oil and natural gas reserves and wells owned by its producer customers will naturally decline over time, which means that MPLX s cash flows associated with these wells will also decline over time. To maintain or increase throughput levels and the utilization rate of MPLX s facilities, MPLX must continually obtain new oil, natural gas, NGL and refined product supplies, which depend in part on the level of successful drilling activity near its facilities, its ability to compete for volumes from successful new wells and its ability to expand its system capacity as needed. We have no control over the level of drilling activity in the areas of MPLX s operations, the amount of reserves associated with the wells or the rate at which production from a well will decline. In addition, we have no control over producers or their production decisions, which are affected by demand, prevailing and projected energy prices, drilling costs, operational challenges, access to downstream markets, the level of reserves, geological considerations, governmental regulations and the availability and cost of capital. Reductions or changes in exploration or production activity in MPLX s areas of operations could lead to reduced throughput on its pipelines and utilization rates of its facilities. Fluctuations in energy prices can negatively affect drilling activity, production rates and investments by third parties in the development of new oil and natural gas reserves. The prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs depend upon factors beyond our control, including global and local demand, production levels, changes in interstate pipeline gas quality specifications, imports and exports, seasonality and weather conditions, alternative energy sources such as wind, solar and other renewable energy technologies, economic and political conditions domestically and internationally and governmental regulations. Sustained periods of low prices could result in producers deciding to limit their oil and gas drilling operations, which could substantially delay the production and delivery of volumes of oil, natural gas and NGLs to MPLX s facilities and adversely affect their revenues and cash available for distribution to us. This impact may also be exacerbated in circumstances where MPLX s compensation for services is commodity-based, which are more directly impacted by changes in natural gas and NGL prices than its fee-based contracts due to frac spread exposure and may result in operating losses when natural gas becomes more expensive on a Btu equivalent basis than NGL products. In addition, the purchase and resale of natural gas and NGLs in the ordinary course exposes MPLX to significant risk of volatility in natural gas or NGL prices due to the potential difference in price at the time of the purchases and then the subsequent sales. The significant volatility in natural gas, NGL and crude oil prices could adversely impact MPLX s unit price, thereby increasing its distribution yield and cost of capital. Such impacts could adversely impact MPLX s ability to execute its long term organic growth projects, satisfy obligations to its customers and make distributions to unitholders at intended levels, and may also result in non-cash impairments of long-lived assets or goodwill or other-than-temporary non-cash impairments of our equity method investments. Severe weather events, other climate conditions and earth movement and other geological hazards may adversely affect our assets and ongoing operations. Our assets are subject to acute physical risks, such as floods, hurricane-force winds, wildfires, winter storms, and earth movement in variable, steep and rugged terrain and terrain with varied or changing subsurface conditions, and chronic physical 21 Table of Contents risks, such as sea-level rise or water shortages. The occurrence of these and similar events have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on our assets and operations. We have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to protect our assets and operations from such physical risks and employ the evolving technologies and processes available to mitigate such risks. To the extent such severe weather events or other climate conditions increase in frequency and severity, we may be required to modify operations and incur costs that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to risks arising from our operations outside the United States and generally to worldwide political and economic developments. We operate and sell some of our products and procure some feedstocks outside the United States. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted by disruptions in any of these markets, including economic instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds, supply chain disruptions, duties and tariffs, transportation delays, difficulty in enforcing contractual provisions, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, political and social unrest, security issues involving key personnel and changing regulatory and political environments. Future outbreaks of infectious diseases or pandemics could affect demand for refined products and economic conditions generally. In addition, the deterioration of trade relationships, modification or termination of existing trade agreements, imposition of economic sanctions against Russia or other countries and the effects of potential responsive countermeasures, or increased taxes, border adjustments or tariffs can make international business operations more costly, which can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are required to comply with U.S. and international laws and regulations, including those involving anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering. Our training and compliance program and our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from violations committed by our employees or agents. Actual or alleged violations of these laws could disrupt our business and cause us to incur significant legal expenses and could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. More broadly, political and economic factors in global markets could impact crude oil and other feedstock supplies and could have a material adverse effect on us in other ways. Hostilities in the Middle East, Russia or elsewhere or the occurrence or threat of future terrorist attacks could adversely affect the economies of the U.S. and other countries. Lower levels of economic activity often result in a decline in energy consumption, which may cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. These risks could lead to increased volatility in prices for refined products, NGLs and natural gas. Additionally, these risks could increase instability in the financial and insurance markets and make it more difficult or costly for us to access capital and to obtain the insurance coverage that we consider adequate. Additionally, tax policy, legislative or regulatory action and commercial restrictions could reduce our operating profitability. For example, the U.S. government could prevent or restrict exports of refined products, NGLs, natural gas or the conduct of business in or with certain foreign countries. In addition, foreign countries could restrict imports, investments or commercial transactions or revoke or refuse to grant necessary permits. Our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our reliance on our joint venture partners and their financial condition, and our joint venture partners may have interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. We conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic and business interests with our joint venture partners. Our joint venture partners may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals and interests or may be unable to meet their obligations. Failure by us, or an entity in which we have an interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Terrorist attacks or other targeted operational disruptions may affect our facilities or those of our customers and suppliers. Refining, gathering and processing, pipeline and terminal infrastructure, and other energy assets, may be the subject of terrorist attacks or other targeted operational disruptions. Any attack or targeted disruption of our operations, those of our customers or, in some cases, those of other energy industry participants, could have a material and adverse effect on our business. Similarly, any similar event that severely disrupts the markets we serve could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Financial Risks We have significant debt obligations; therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be harmed by a deterioration of our credit profile or downgrade of our credit ratings, a decrease in debt capacity or unsecured commercial credit available to us, or by factors adversely affecting credit markets generally. At December 31, 2025, our total debt obligations for borrowed money and finance lease obligations were $33.31 billion, including $26.01 billion of obligations of MPLX and its subsidiaries. We may incur substantial additional debt obligations in the future. Our indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could have material adverse consequences, including: 22 Table of Contents increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and other purposes. A decrease in our debt or commercial credit capacity, including unsecured credit extended by third-party suppliers, or a deterioration in our credit profile could increase our costs of borrowing money and limit our access to the capital markets and commercial credit. Our credit rating is determined by independent credit rating agencies. We cannot provide assurance that any of our credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any changes in our credit capacity or credit profile could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Significant variations in the market prices of crude oil and refined products can affect our financial performance. Significant variations in the market prices of products held in our inventories could have a negative or positive effect on our financial performance. In addition, a sustained period of low crude oil prices may also result in significant financial constraints on certain producers from which we acquire our crude oil, which could result in long term crude oil supply constraints for our business. Such conditions could also result in an increased risk that our customers and other counterparties may be unable to fully fulfill their obligations in a timely manner, or at all. A continued period of economic slowdown or recession, or a protracted period of depressed prices for crude oil or refined products, has significant and adverse consequences for our financial condition and the financial condition of our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, and diminishes our liquidity, and negatively affects our ability to obtain adequate crude oil volumes and to market certain of our products at favorable prices, or at all. Our working capital, cash flows and liquidity can be significantly affected by decreases in commodity prices. Payment terms for our crude oil purchases are generally longer than the terms we extend to our customers for refined product sales. As a result, the payables for our crude oil purchases are proportionally larger than the receivables for our refined product sales. Due to this net payables position, a decrease in commodity prices generally results in a use of working capital, and given the significant volume of crude oil that we purchase the impact can materially affect our working capital, cash flows and liquidity. Increases in interest rates could adversely impact our ability to issue equity, refinance existing debt or incur additional debt for acquisitions or other purposes and our ability to pay dividends at our intended levels. Our revolving credit facility has a variable interest rate. As a result, future interest rates on our debt could be higher than current levels, causing our financing costs to increase accordingly. In addition, we may in the future refinance outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility with fixed-rate indebtedness. Interest rates payable on fixed-rate indebtedness typically are higher than the short-term variable interest rates that we pay on borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We also have other fixed-rate indebtedness that we may need or desire to refinance in the future at or prior to the applicable stated maturity. A prolonged rising interest rate environment could have an adverse impact on our ability to issue equity, refinance existing debt or incur additional debt for acquisitions or other purposes on desirable terms, if at all. Accordingly, increases in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay dividends at our intended levels. We may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions. We currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to continue their use in the future. If the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. Derivative transactions involve the risk that counterparties may be unable to satisfy their obligations to us. The risk of counterparty default is heightened in a poor economic environment. In addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with future regulation of derivative instruments to the extent it is applicable to us. We do not insure against all potential losses, and, therefore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by unexpected liabilities and increased costs. We maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from operating hazards. Uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, cybersecurity breaches or other incidents involving our assets or operations can reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Historically, we also have maintained insurance coverage for physical damage and resulting business interruption to our major facilities, with significant self-insured retentions. In the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of the types and amounts we desire at reasonable rates. 23 Table of Contents We have recorded goodwill and other intangible assets that could become further impaired and result in material non-cash charges to our results of operations. We accounted for certain acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the assets and liabilities of the acquired business be recorded to our balance sheet at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. Any excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the acquired net assets is recognized as goodwill. As of December 31, 2025, our balance sheet reflected $9.4 billion and $2.7 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, respectively. We have in the past recorded significant impairments of our goodwill. To the extent the value of goodwill or intangible assets becomes further impaired, we may be required to incur additional material non-cash charges relating to such impairment. Our operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment. Large capital projects can be subject to delays, take years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns. Delays in completing capital projects or making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to market or supply certain products we produce. Such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: denials of, delays in receiving, or revocations of requisite regulatory approvals or permits; unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor, whether due to inflation or other factors; disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials; adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers; shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; market-related increases in a project s debt or equity financing costs; global supply chain disruptions; nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors; and delays due to citizen, state or local political or activist pressure. Any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. If we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our capital project returns and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Legal and Regulatory Risks We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs to meet the requirements of evolving environmental and other laws or regulations. Changes to the federal government s policies and operations could lead to increased regulatory uncertainty and volatility and increased state regulation, which may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs to meet the requirements of evolving environmental and other laws or regulations. Changes to the federal government s policies and operations could lead to increased regulatory uncertainty and volatility and increased state regulation, which may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level. These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our business. Laws and regulations expected to become more stringent relate to the following: the emission or discharge of materials into the environment; solid and hazardous waste management; the regulatory classification of materials currently or formerly used in our business; pollution prevention; climate change and GHG emissions; characteristics and composition of transportation fuels, including the blending of renewable fuels into transportation fuels; the production, importation, use, and disposal of specific chemicals; public and employee safety and health; permitting; inherently safer technology; and 24 Table of Contents facility security. The specific impact of laws and regulations on us and our competitors may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of operating facilities, marketing areas, crude oil and feedstock sources, production processes and subsequent judicial interpretation of such laws and regulations. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures to modify operations, install pollution control equipment, perform site cleanups or curtail operations. We have incurred and may in the future incur liability for personal injury, property damage, natural resource damage or clean-up costs due to alleged contamination and/or exposure to chemicals such as benzene and methyl tert-butyl ether ( MTBE ). There is also increased regulatory interest in PFAS, which we expect will lead to increased monitoring and remediation obligations and potential liability related thereto. Such expenditures could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In 2025, the U.S. presidential administration announced wide-ranging policy changes and issued numerous executive actions. The U.S. EPA and other federal agencies began proposing and promulgating regulations consistent with the administration s policy changes. If the federal government relaxes or revokes certain environmental regulations, states may pass laws that vary in stringency and scope by state, creating a patchwork of regulation. For example, various states have passed laws regulating the use of materials containing PFAS and setting action levels for the remediation of certain PFAS. We cannot predict the extent to which states will pass such legislation, or the ultimate effect these state laws will have on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in MPLX units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including MPLX, or an investment in MPLX common units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any time. From time to time, there are proposals to change the existing U.S. federal income tax laws that would affect publicly traded partnerships, including proposals that would eliminate MPLX s ability to qualify for partnership tax treatment. We are unable to predict whether any such changes will ultimately be enacted. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof may or may not be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible for MPLX to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes or increase the amount of taxes payable by unitholders in publicly traded partnerships. Climate change and GHG emission regulation could affect our operations, energy consumption patterns and regulatory obligations, any of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Currently, multiple legislative and regulatory measures to address GHG and other emissions are in various phases of consideration, promulgation or implementation. These include actions to develop international, federal, regional or statewide programs, which could require reductions in our GHG or other emissions, establish a carbon tax and decrease the demand for refined products. Requiring reductions in these emissions could result in increased costs to (i) operate and maintain our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls at our facilities and (iii) administer and manage any emissions programs, including acquiring emission credits or allotments. For example, California and Washington have enacted low carbon fuel standards. Other states are proposing, or have already promulgated, low carbon fuel standards or similar initiatives to reduce emissions from the transportation sector. If we are unable to pass the costs of compliance on to our customers, sufficient credits are unavailable for purchase, we have to pay a significantly higher price for credits, or if we are otherwise unable to meet our compliance obligation, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. California has also enacted cap-and-invest programs, which set statewide limits on GHG emissions and caps that decline each year. CARB is currently developing regulations to implement the changes to the Cap-and-Invest program. We are unable to estimate the impact of these programs but requirements to drastically reduce GHG emissions in California could increase our operating costs, require additional capital expenditures, reduce the competitiveness of our California refinery and renewable fuel facility and our Washington refinery and affect their long term outlook. Certain municipalities have also proposed or enacted restrictions on the installation of natural gas appliances and infrastructure in new residential or commercial construction, which could affect demand for the natural gas that MPLX transports and stores. New York and Vermont have enacted, and other states are considering, laws that would allow the state to seek climate change-related damages from fossil fuel companies allocated based on each company s share of past GHG emissions. The legality of these bills is being challenged in court. Our potential share is dependent on multiple factors, including the number of responsible parties and GHG emission calculation methodologies, and cannot be estimated at this time. Regional and state climate change and air emissions goals and regulatory programs are complex, subject to change and considerable uncertainty due to a number of factors including technological feasibility, legal challenges and potential changes in federal policy. Increasing concerns about climate change and carbon intensity have also resulted in societal concerns and a number of international and national measures to limit GHG emissions. Additional stricter measures and investor pressure can be expected in the future and any of these changes may have a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition. 25 Table of Contents The scope and magnitude of the changes to U.S. climate change strategy under the current and future administrations, however, remain subject to the passage of legislation and interpretation and action of federal and state regulatory bodies; therefore, the impact to our industry and operations due to GHG regulation is unknown at this time. Energy companies are subject to increasing environmental and climate-related litigation. Governmental and other entities in various U.S. states have filed lawsuits against various energy companies, including us, alleging damages as a result of climate change , false statements about climate change, and violations of various consumer protection statutes. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and abatement under various tort theories. Governments and private parties may continue to file lawsuits or initiate regulatory action based on allegations that certain public statements regarding climate change and other ESG related matters and practices by companies are false and misleading greenwashing that violate deceptive trade practices and consumer protection statutes, presenting a high degree of uncertainty regarding the extent to which energy companies face an increased risk of liability stemming from climate change or ESG disclosures and practices. Attorneys general and other government officials may continue to pursue litigation in which they seek to recover civil damages against us on behalf of a state or its citizens for a variety of claims, including violation of consumer protection and product pricing laws or natural resources damages. Additionally, private plaintiffs and government parties have undertaken efforts to shut down energy assets by challenging operating permits, the validity of easements or the compliance with easement conditions. For example, the Dakota Access Pipeline, in wh