=== JCI_2026-01-16.htm.gz ===
tm2524665-5_nonfiling - none - 37.6716623s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Cautionary Statements For Forward-Looking Information We have made statements in this Proxy Statement that are forward-looking and therefore are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements in this document other than statements of historical fact are, or could be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may appear throughout this Proxy Statement, including the Proxy Summary, Compensation Discussion Analysis and Governance of the Company Sustainability. Words such as may, will, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, should, forecast, project or plan and terms of similar meaning are also generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. We caution that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of risks related to our business is included in the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2025 fiscal year filed with the SEC on November 14, 2025, as supplemented by any subsequently filed Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Shareholders, potential investors and others should consider these factors when evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements included in this Proxy Statement are made only as of the date of this document, unless otherwise specified, and, except as required by law, we assume no obligation, and disclaim any obligation, to update such statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Proxy Statement. Website Information This Proxy Statement includes several website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites. These websites and materials are not incorporated by reference herein. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter to Shareholders Dear Fellow Shareholders, We are pleased to report that Johnson Controls delivered strong results for shareholders in fiscal year 2025, laying the foundation for continued momentum in 2026. Our continued strategic evolution has positioned Johnson Controls as a more focused and profitable company, set to deliver greater value for our customers, colleagues and shareholders. Ongoing Governance Enhancements and Talent Development The Board of Directors executed our CEO succession plan in fiscal year 2025, appointing Joakim Weidemanis as Johnson Controls new CEO. Joakim brings a proven track record in leading global businesses, shaping product portfolios and leveraging technology. His focus on continuous improvement, driven by putting the customer first and better enabling our frontline colleagues is already energizing the organization, positioning Johnson Controls for the next phase of growth. As part of the CEO transition process, the Board determined it was appropriate to separate the CEO and Chairman roles, further elevating our corporate governance practices and adapting our leadership model to best position Johnson Controls for long-term success. To support our next phase of growth, we appointed Todd Grabowski as the leader of our Americas Segment, and Chris Scalia became Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. These appointments demonstrate our commitment to developing talent and bringing in the right leadership capability to strengthen our culture and accelerate growth. Capitalizing on a Solid Foundation with Increased Customer Focus We believe that Johnson Controls is well positioned with market-leading franchises, differentiated field talent and advanced technological capabilities. Sustained demand and record backlog underscore the value our customers place in our solutions and the strength of our portfolio. We see significant potential ahead, starting with a sharper focus on the customer and building a culture of continuous improvement. Across the organization from the factory floor to the sales team our customers evolving and growing requirements are at the heart of the Company s initiatives to build an even stronger company that is more capable, focused and disciplined, executing with consistency and delivering for customers where it matters most. At the same time, the Company is developing and implementing its new proprietary business system rooted in proven methodologies like 80/20 and Lean, and augmented with the promise of digitization and artificial intelligence. These foundational steps will help Johnson Controls achieve market-leading performance as a faster growing and more profitable company. As this new business system standardizes how the Company operates, we are confident Johnson Controls is on a path to improve operational performance and accelerate innovation to deliver more predictable performance. Looking Ahead to 2026 There is an exciting future ahead at Johnson Controls. The important work underway positions the Company to seize compelling growth opportunities across its domains. With 90,000 talented colleagues worldwide, we are confident in the Company s ability to win with our customers, better enable a competitive frontline presence, and to create sustainable value for our shareholders. Patrick Decker has, in consultation and agreement with the Board, decided not to stand for re-election at our 2026 Annual General Meeting due to personal reasons. We thank Patrick for his contributions to our Board during a critical moment in Johnson Controls history. The Board remains committed to ongoing refreshment and strong governance. On behalf of the entire Johnson Controls Board, thank you for your continued support and dedication. Sincerely, Mark P. Vergnano Joakim Weidemanis Independent Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Date and Time 3:00 pm, local time March 4, 2026 Place The Merrion Hotel 24 Upper Merrion Street Dublin 2, Ireland Record Date January 5, 2026 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 2026 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Johnson Controls International plc will be held on March 04, 2026 at The Merrion Hotel, 24 Upper Merrion Street, Dublin 2, Ireland at 3:00 pm, local time for the following purposes: Ordinary Business 1. By separate resolutions, to elect each of the following individuals as Directors for a period of one year, expiring at the end of the Company s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in 2027: (a) Timothy M. Archer (b) Jean Blackwell (c) Pierre Cohade (d) W. Roy Dunbar (e) Gretchen R. Haggerty (f) Ayesha Khanna (g) Seetarama (Swamy) Kotagiri (h) J rgen Tinggren (i) Mark Vergnano (j) Joakim Weidemanis (k) John D. Young 2. To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent auditors of the Company and to authorize the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors to set the auditors remuneration. Special Business 3. To authorize the Company and/or any subsidiary of the Company to make market purchases of Company shares. 4. To determine the price range at which the Company can re-allot shares that it holds as treasury shares (special resolution). 5. To approve, in a non-binding advisory vote, the compensation of the named executive officers. 6. To approve the Directors authority to allot shares up to approximately 20% of issued share capital. 7. To approve the waiver of statutory pre-emption rights with respect to up to 20% of issued share capital (special resolution). 8. To act on such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. This notice of Annual General Meeting and Proxy Statement and the enclosed proxy card are first being sent on or about January 16, 2026 to each holder of record of the Company s ordinary shares at the close of business on January 5, 2026. The record date for the entitlement to vote at the Annual General Meeting is January 5, 2026 and only registered shareholders of record on such date are entitled to notice of, and to attend and vote at, the Annual General Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. During the meeting, management will also present the Company s Irish Statutory Accounts for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, please complete, sign, date and 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS return the enclosed proxy card to ensure that your shares are represented at the meeting. Shareholders of record who attend the meeting may vote their shares personally, even though they have sent in proxies. In addition to the above resolutions, the business of the Annual General Meeting shall include, prior to the proposal of the above resolutions, the consideration of the Company s statutory financial statements and the report of the Directors and of the statutory auditors and a review by the shareholders of the Company s affairs. Your vote is important and we encourage you to submit your proxy as soon as possible so that your shares will be represented at the meeting. This can be done in advance of the Annual General Meeting by availing of one of the voting options detailed in the accompanying Proxy Statement. In addition, details of the business to be presented at the meeting can also be found in the accompanying Proxy Statement. This Proxy Statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 are available to shareholders at www.proxyvote.com and are also available in the Investor Relations section of our website at http://investors.johnsoncontrols.com. The Company s Irish Statutory Accounts will also be available at those locations at least 21 days before the date of the Annual General Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, John Donofrio Executive Vice President and General Counsel January 16, 2026 PLEASE PROMPTLY COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD. THE PROXY IS REVOCABLE AND IT WILL NOT BE USED IF YOU: GIVE WRITTEN NOTICE OF REVOCATION TO THE PROXY PRIOR TO THE VOTE TO BE TAKEN AT THE MEETING; SUBMIT A LATER-DATED PROXY; OR ATTEND AND VOTE PERSONALLY AT THE MEETING. ANY SHAREHOLDER ENTITLED TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE MEETING MAY APPOINT ONE OR MORE PROXIES USING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD (OR THE FORM IN SECTION 184 OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2014) TO ATTEND, SPEAK AND VOTE ON THAT SHAREHOLDER S BEHALF. THE PROXY NEED NOT BE A SHAREHOLDER. PROXIES MAY BE APPOINTED VIA THE INTERNET OR PHONE IN THE MANNER SET OUT IN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD. ALTERNATIVELY, THEY MAY BE APPOINTED BY DEPOSITING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD (OR OTHER VALID SIGNED INSTRUMENT OF PROXY) WITH JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC, C/O BROADRIDGE, 51 MERCEDES WAY, EDGEWOOD, NY 11717 BY 5:00 P.M., EASTERN STANDARD TIME, ON MARCH 3, 2026 (WHICH WILL THEN BE FORWARDED TO JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC S REGISTERED ADDRESS ELECTRONICALLY) OR WITH JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC, ONE ALBERT QUAY, CORK, IRELAND T12 X8N6 BY 5:00 P.M. LOCAL TIME ON MARCH 3, 2026. IF YOU WISH TO APPOINT A PERSON OTHER THAN THE INDIVIDUAL SPECIFIED IN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD, PLEASE CONTACT OUR COMPANY SECRETARY AND ALSO NOTE THAT YOUR NOMINATED PROXY MUST ATTEND THE MEETING IN PERSON IN ORDER FOR YOUR VOTES TO BE CAST. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary 1 Agenda Items 8 Proposal Number One Election of Directors 8 Proposal Number Two Appointment of Auditors and Authority to Set Remuneration 14 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 14 Audit Committee Report 15 Proposal Number Three Authorization to Make Market Purchases of Company Shares 17 Proposal Number Four Determine the Price Range at which the Company can Re-Allot Treasury Shares 18 Proposal Number Five Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 19 Proposal Number Six Authorization for Directors to Allot Company Shares 20 Proposal Number Seven Waiver of Statutory Pre-Emption Rights 21 Governance of the Company 22 Compensation of Non-Employee Directors 39 Committees of the Board 40 Compensation Discussion Analysis 43 Executive Compensation Tables 67 Summary Compensation Table 67 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 69 Outstanding Equity Awards Table 71 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 73 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Table 73 Potential Payments upon Termination and Change-in-Control 74 CEO Pay Ratio 76 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 77 The Annual General Meeting Questions and Answers 81 Annex A: Non-GAAP Reconciliations A-1 Frequently Requested Information Vision and Values of Our Board 22 Areas of Focus for the Board 23 Board Composition, Tenure and Refreshment 25 Board Leadership 26 Board Oversight of Strategy 26 Oversight of Cybersecurity 29 Shareholder Engagement 31 Fiscal 2025 Priorities and Performance 44 Fiscal 2025 Compensation 46 Pay for Performance 46 Executive Compensation Philosophy and Principles 48 Roles in Determining Executive Compensation 51 Annual Say-on-Pay Vote 51 Metric Selection and Goal Setting 54 Summary Compensation Table 67 Unless we have indicated otherwise in this Proxy Statement, references to the Company, Johnson Controls, we, us, our and similar terms refer to Johnson Controls International plc and its consolidated subsidiaries. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement i TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary This proxy summary is intended to provide a broad overview of our 2025 performance, corporate governance and compensation highlights. As this is only a summary, we encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement for more information prior to voting. Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Date and Time 3:00 pm, local time March 4, 2026 Place The Merrion Hotel 24 Upper Merrion Street Dublin 2, Ireland Record Date January 5, 2026 Admission . All shareholders are invited to attend. Registration will occur on the day of the meeting. Your vote is important and we encourage you to submit your proxy as soon as possible so that your shares will be represented at the meeting. This can be done in advance of the Annual General Meeting by availing of one of the voting options detailed in this Proxy Statement. In addition, details of the business to be presented at the meeting can also be found in this Proxy Statement. Meeting Agenda and Voting Matters Proposal Board s Voting Recommendation Page Reference No. 1 Election of Directors FOR (each nominee) p. 8 No. 2 Ratify appointment of independent auditors and authorize Audit Committee to set auditors remuneration FOR (both 2(a) and 2(b)) p. 14 No. 3 Authorize market purchases of Company shares by the Company and/or any subsidiary FOR p. 17 No. 4 Determine the price range to re-allot treasury shares FOR p. 18 No. 5 Advisory vote to approve executive compensation FOR p. 19 No. 6 Approve the allotment of up to 20% of issued share capital FOR p. 20 No. 7 Approve the waiver of statutory pre-emption rights FOR p. 21 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Fiscal Year 2025 In Review In fiscal 2025, we continued to demonstrate our leadership in capturing evolving opportunities in markets demanding innovative, energy-efficient and mission critical solutions. At the same time, we laid a foundation to drive the achievement of market-leading growth and profitability. Fostering Continuous Improvement Introduced our proprietary business system aimed at improving operational performance and accelerating innovation that wins and retains customers through differentiated products, services, and exceptional experiences. Our system is built on three pillars: Simplifying by applying 80/20 principles to focus on what matters most; Accelerating lean methodology to execute faster with greater efficiencies; and Scaling improvements by leveraging digital and AI approaches to amplify impact across the enterprise. Advancing our Data Cooling Center Strategy Strengthened our leadership in advanced thermal management as AI-driven demand for high-density data centers pushes cooling technology to new limits. This year s successful launch of our coolant distribution unit marked a major milestone in our differentiated data cooling center strategy. Together with YVAM magnetic bearing chillers, absorption chillers and our strategic investment in Accelsius, we now offer a comprehensive, integrated portfolio that spans the full thermal management spectrum from chip to ambient, covering the entire heat capture, removal and regeneration cycle. Emphasizing Customer-Centricity Amplified our focus on operational discipline and customer-centricity, strengthening our differentiated, commercially advantaged service capabilities. These embedded efficiencies and relationships support our customers in thermal management, decarbonization, digital solutions and mission-critical environments. Our global direct service operations continue to deliver consistent, high-quality support to customers over the life cycle in mission critical verticals such as data centers, advanced manufacturing, life sciences, major hospitals and university research centers. 1 From continuing operations * See Annex A to this Proxy Statement for a reconciliation of adjusted EPS from continuing operations and organic revenue to our results for the most directly comparable financial measure as reported under GAAP in the United States. 2 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability Leadership At Johnson Controls, as the global leader in smart, healthy, and sustainable buildings, we re helping organizations harness the power of decarbonization to drive growth, resilience, and energy efficiency. We view sustainability as a catalyst for innovation, leveraging the trifecta of efficiency, electrification, and digitalization to significantly reduce carbon emissions and operational costs for our customers and within our own operations. Our focus on sustainability is at the core of everything we do, informing our strategy, customer service, and corporate citizenship. Our 2025 highlights include: We continued to deliver energy-efficiency and cost savings for customers, resulting in over 41 million metric tons of CO2e and $9 billion in operating costs saved since 2000. We are proud to have achieved and exceeded our 2025 sustainability commitments ahead of schedule. By the end of fiscal 2024, we achieved reductions to our greenhouse gas intensity, energy intensity, and recordable safety incidents, significantly exceeding our 2025 targets. Our heat pumps will provide green heat to around 15,000 homes in the city of Zurich. Starting operations in 2027, the heat pumps will extract low-temperature heat from the flue gas of a large waste-to-energy facility, significantly raising the plant s efficiency. The solution is one of the largest in Europe to use the zero-Global Warming Potential (GWP) refrigerant ammonia in a heat pump application on this scale. In 2025, we expanded the availability of our leading YORK range of YVAM air-cooled magnetic bearing chillers for data centers. The chillers are engineered specifically for hyperscale and AI-intensive data centers, using 40% less energy annually compared to other available solutions, and consume zero on-site water while operating at low noise levels. As of 2025, more than 3,000 students have participated in our BEST Technical Development Program, a three-month global onboarding and career development program that gives participants a chance to apply their technical engineering knowledge and business acumen to work with customers. It delivers a 3:1 return on investment by reducing attrition, accelerating readiness, and increasing engagement. Thanks to the passion and active engagement of our employees, we have achieved our commitment to reach 2 million cumulative hours of volunteering, ahead of schedule. We are honored to be recognized for our ongoing innovation and leadership: 2025 CDP Climate Change A List 2025 Fortune Change the World list for breakthrough innovation in data center cooling solutions 2025 World s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere, one of just five companies to make this list 18 times 2025 Corporate Knights Clean 200, our 10th consecutive year on the list Empire Technology Prize 2025 finalist Forbes America s Best Employers for Company Culture 2025 Financial Times Climate Leaders 2025 Sustainalytics Top Rated 2025 List 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Director Nominees Our Board has a wide range of experiences and backgrounds. We believe that a broad mix of directors bringing varied skills, expertise, and perspectives is essential to fulfilling the Board s oversight responsibilities effectively. 4 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS We are asking you to vote FOR all the Director nominees listed below. All current Directors attended at least 75% of the Board and committee meetings on which he or she sits during fiscal year 2025. Detailed information regarding these individuals is set forth in this Proxy Summary and under Proposal Number One. The Governance and Sustainability Committee and the Board believe that the qualifications, skills, experience and attributes set forth in this Proxy Statement for all individuals nominated for election support the conclusion that these individuals are qualified to serve as Directors and collectively possess a variety of skills, professional experience, and personal backgrounds that align with our needs and allow our Board to effectively oversee our business. Summary information on our Director nominees is set forth below. Current Committee Membership Nominee Age Director Since Principal Occupation Independent AC CC EC GC Timothy M. Archer 58 2024 President and Chief Executive Officer of Lam Research Corporation Jean Blackwell 71 2018 Retired Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer of Cummins Inc. Chair Pierre Cohade 64 2018 Former Chief Executive Officer of Triangle Tyre Co. Ltd. W. Roy Dunbar 64 2017 Retired Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Network Solutions Gretchen R. Haggerty 70 2018 Retired Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer of United States Steel Corporation Chair Ayesha Khanna 52 2023 Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Addo Seetarama (Swamy) Kotagiri 57 2024 Chief Executive Officer of Magna International Inc. J rgen Tinggren 67 2014 Retired Chief Executive Officer and Director of Schindler Group Mark Vergnano* 67 2016 Retired Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of The Chemours Company Chair Joakim Weidemanis 56 2025 Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls International plc John D. Young 61 2017 Retired Chief Business Officer, Pfizer Inc. Chair AC = Audit Committee EC = Executive Committee CC = Compensation and Talent Development Committee GC = Governance and Sustainability Committee * Board Chair 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Snapshot We are committed to maintaining robust governance practices and a strong ethical culture that benefits the long-term interests of our shareholders. We, with the oversight of our Board, regularly review, update, and enhance our corporate governance practices and compliance and training programs, as appropriate, in light of shareholder interests, changes in applicable laws, regulations, and stock exchange requirements, and the evolving needs of our business. Our corporate governance and compliance practices include: Director Independence Board Leadership 10 of 11 Director nominees are independent 3 fully independent Board committees Independent Board Chair Independent Directors regularly meet in executive session Board and Committee Self Evaluations Annual Board and committee self-assessments Board Chair or the Chair of the Governance and Sustainability Committee consult with each Director, supplementing formal evaluations Tenure Balance of new and experienced Directors. 36% of Director nominees have tenures of less than 5 years, and the average tenure is ~6 years Director retirement policy states that Directors may not stand for reelection after age 75 and does not permit waivers or exceptions Best Practices Active shareholder engagement Absolute majority voting for Directors in uncontested elections A comprehensive anti-hedging and anti-pledging policy is in place under our Insider Trading Policy Clawback policy providing for the mandatory recoupment of incentive compensation for financial restatements, discretionary recoupment of incentive-based and equity compensation for misconduct that has the potential to cause material reputational harm, and discretionary recoupment of certain compensation from culpable individuals in certain circumstances Maintain an equity award grant policy establishing standard, predetermined equity grant practices to avoid any actual or perceived market timing of equity awards No shareholder rights plan or poison pill Risk Oversight Risk oversight by the Board and its committees Board and committee oversight of sustainability and other environmental, social, and governance matters Board and committee oversight of cybersecurity and AI Share Ownership Requirements Robust executive share ownership requirements (6x of base salary for the CEO, 3x base salary for all other NEOs) Robust Director share ownership requirements (5x of annual retainer) Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, a Code of Ethics, and charters for our Governance and Sustainability Committee, Audit Committee, Compensation and Talent Development Committee, and Executive Committee. These documents will assist the Board in exercising its responsibilities and serve as a framework for the effective governance of the Company. You can access our current committee charters, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Ethics in the Corporate Governance section of the Investor Relations page of our website. 6 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Highlights Proposal Number Five is our annual advisory vote on the Company s executive compensation philosophy and program. Detailed information regarding these matters is included under the heading Compensation Discussion Analysis, and we urge you to read it in its entirety. Our compensation philosophy and structure for executive officers remains dedicated to the concept of paying for performance and continues to be heavily weighted with performance-based awards. Pay-for-performance Set the majority of compensation as variable and at-risk Tie incentives to performance against financial, operational, strategic, and individual goals Use quantifiable and measurable performance metrics and goals that are clearly disclosed Provide significant upside and downside potential for superior and low performance Target pay appropriately Conduct competitive market-based total compensation benchmark analysis against similarly sized industrial companies for comparable positions Align interests with our stakeholders Design programs that discourage unnecessary or excessive risk-taking Cap payout opportunities under the incentive plans Require minimum vesting periods for equity awards Reward long-term financial results that drive value creation through a balanced equity mix Operate meaningful share ownership guidelines Maintain a pay recoupment (i.e., clawback) policy that exceeds regulatory requirements Maintain an equity award grant policy establishing standard, predetermined equity grant practices Prohibit insider trading, hedging, and pledging of Company stock Engage with shareholders on executive compensation matters Engage an independent compensation consultant to provide analysis and advice Conduct an annual say-on-pay vote Avoid poor governance practices No tax gross-ups on any change-in-control benefits No single-trigger accelerated vesting on a change-in-control (double-trigger provisions) No discounting, reloading, or re-pricing of share options without shareholder approval No guaranteed compensation or guaranteed increases No excessive perquisites No employment agreements with executive officers, except where legally required, in which case they follow market norms No dividends paid on unvested restricted share units or performance share units until such awards vest 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Agenda Items PROPOSAL NUMBER ONE Election of Directors This proxy summary is intended to provide a broad overview of our 2025 performance, corporate governance, and compensation highlights. As this is only a summary, we encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement for more information prior to voting. Timothy M. Archer , Age 58 Director Since: March 2024 Independent: Yes Committee: Compensation Other Public Directorships: Lam Research Corporation Reason for Nomination Extensive experience in the technology industry throughout his career, including in his current role as CEO of Lam Research. Experience leveraging digital technology to enable and drive service growth through a mix of equipment and software. Experience in driving growth in an evolving and increasingly complex industry driven by technology and innovation. Experience in leading a global manufacturing, service and technology company. Experience in establishing and driving Lam s sustainability initiatives, including setting renewable energy and net zero targets. Experience in leading complex transactions, including mergers and acquisitions. Professional Experience and Background President and Chief Executive Officer of Lam Research Corporation, a global supplier of innovative wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry, since December 2018. Previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer from January 2018 until December 2018 and Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer from 2012 until 2018. Spent 18 years at Novellus Systems, Inc., a manufacturer of equipment used in the fabrication of integrated circuits, in various technology development and business leadership roles, including most recently as Chief Operating Officer from 2011 to 2012. Began his career in 1989 at Tektronix, where he was responsible for process development for high-speed bipolar integrated circuits. Currently serves on the International Board of Directors for SEMI, the global industry association representing the electronics manufacturing and design supply chain. 8 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Jean Blackwell , Age 71 Director Since: June 2018 Independent: Yes Committees: Governance, Executive Other Public Directorships: Ingevity Corporation Reason for Nomination Extensive experience as a global business leader, including serving as the CFO of Cummins Inc. Significant board leadership experience through her service as board chair and chair of multiple committees at other public companies. Extensive experience with public policy and sustainability topics through service as CEO of the Cummins Foundation and Executive Vice President of Corporate Responsibility for Cummins Inc. Deep financial acumen as CFO and a senior finance leader in the industrial sector. Significant knowledge of the global marketplace gained from her business experience and background. Professional Experience: Served as Chief Executive Officer of Cummins Foundation and Executive Vice President, Corporate Responsibility, of Cummins Inc., a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products, from March 2008 until her retirement in March 2013. Served as Cummins Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2003 to 2008, Vice President, Cummins Business Services from 2001 to 2003, Vice President, Human Resources from 1998 to 2001, and Vice President and General Counsel from 1997 to 1998. Served as a partner at the law firm of Bose McKinney Evans LLP from 1984 to 1991. Served in state government, including as Executive Director of the Indiana State Lottery Commission and State of Indiana Budget Director. Currently serves as a Director of Ingevity Corporation, a leading global manufacturer of specialty chemicals and high-performance carbon materials. Previously served as a Director of Celanese Corporation, a global technology and specialty materials company, from 2014 until 2024 and Essendant Inc., a leading national wholesale distributor of business products, from 2007 to 2018. Pierre Cohade, Age 64 Director Since: December 2018 Independent: Yes Committee: Audit Other Public Directorships: CEAT Ltd. Reason for Nomination Significant experience in several senior global positions, with extensive experience and expertise in China. Experience in overseeing manufacturing and operations in China at The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company and Triangle Tyre. Experience engaging with regulators and governments on public policy issues in Asia. Experience leading corporate responsibility initiatives at Goodyear Tire Rubber Company and Triangle Tyre. Experience leading large business units at The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company, Danone SA, and Eastman Kodak Co. Professional Experience: Served as the Chief Executive Officer of Triangle Tyre, China s largest private tire manufacturer, from 2015 to 2016. Served as Senior Advisor at ChinaVest, Wells Fargo s investment banking affiliate in China, from 2013 until 2015. Served as the President, Asia Pacific, of The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company from 2004 to 2011. Served as the Division Executive Vice President of the Global Water and Beverage division of Danone SA from 2003 until 2004. Served in roles of increasing responsibility at Eastman Kodak Co. from 1985 until 2002, ultimately serving as the Chairman of Kodak s Europe, Africa, Middle East, and Russia Region. Currently serves as a director of CEAT Ltd., one of India s leading tire manufacturers, and Eurofor Group, a manufacturer and distributor of drilling machines and equipment. Previously served as a director of Acorn International Inc., a leading marketing and branding company in China focused on content creation, distribution, and product sales through digital media, from 2017 to 2021, and Deutsche Bank China from 2017 to 2023. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS W. Roy Dunbar, Age 64 Director Since: June 2017 Independent : Yes Committee: Governance Other Public Directorships: Duke Energy Corporation McKesson Corporation SiteOne Landscape Supplies Reason for Nomination: Career-spanning depth of experience across numerous disciplines including healthcare, information technology, payments, insurance and renewable energy. Experience in global leadership and service as a director of companies across multiple sectors. Experience in leading innovation through information technology at MasterCard and Eli Lilly, including managing cybersecurity risk. Significant experience as a leader and director across the US and international markets. Professional Experience: Served as Chairman of the Board of Network Solutions, a technology company and web service provider, and was the Chief Executive Officer from January 2008 until October 2009. Served as the President of Global Technology and Operations for MasterCard Incorporated from September 2004 until January 2008. Served in various positions at Eli Lilly and Company for 14 years, including President of Intercontinental Operations, and earlier as Chief Information Officer. Currently serves as a director of Duke Energy Corporation, one of America s largest energy holding companies, McKesson Corporation, a national wholesale distributor of pharmaceuticals and SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc., a national wholesale distributor of landscape supplies. Previously served as Director of Humana, Inc., Lexmark International and iGate. Gretchen R. Haggerty, Age 70 Director Since: March 2018 Independent: Yes Committees: Audit, Executive Other Public Directorships: Teleflex Corporation Atmus Filtration Technologies, Inc. Reason for Nomination: Deep financial acumen as CFO and senior finance leader in steel and energy industries. Financial oversight experience as a director on the audit committee of multiple companies. Experience serving on the board of directors of multiple international companies. Significant knowledge of the global marketplace gained from her business experience and background. Experience leading global teams. Professional Experience: Had a 37-year career with United States Steel Corporation, an integrated global steel producer, and its predecessor, USX Corporation. Served as Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer and served as Chairman of the U.S. Steel Carnegie Pension Fund and its Investment Committee from March 2003 until her retirement. Served in various financial executive positions at U.S. Steel and USX, beginning in November 1991 when she became Vice President Treasurer. Currently serves as a Director of Teleflex Corporation, a global provider of medical technology products and Atmus Filtration Technologies, a leading provider of filtration products for on-highway commercial vehicles and off-highway agriculture, construction, mining and power generation vehicles and equipment. Previously served as a Director of USG Corporation, a leading manufacturer of building materials. 10 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Dr. Ayesha Khanna, Age 52 Director Since: March 2023 Independent: Yes Committee: Governance Other Public Directorships: None Reason for Nomination: Extensive experience in enterprise information technology, data and artificial intelligence strategy, implementation and risk, including deep, focused expertise on artificial intelligence and smart cities. Deep understanding of risk management related to the emerging impacts of accelerating technologies, including cybersecurity, data privacy, artificial intelligence, and compliance. Public policy experience advising governments on artificial intelligence and smart cities and through membership in organizations such as the World Economic Forum s Global Future Councils and the Singapore Infocomm Media Authority. Executive leadership experience in founding and leading Addo. Experience leading global teams. Professional Experience: Co-founder and CEO of Addo AI, a privately held artificial intelligence firm with a focus on smart cities, a position she has held since 2017. Served as the Chief Executive Officer of The Keys Global, an education hub for students in coding, robotics, 3D printing and other new technologies, from 2015 until 2016. Served as Co-Founder and Director of Hybrid Reality Institute, a research and advisory group established to analyze the social impact of accelerating technologies, from 2010 to 2014. Spent more than a decade on Wall Street developing large-scale trading, risk management and data analytics systems. Currently serves as the Director of Neom Tonomous, a subsidiary of Neom, responsible for delivering the cognitive infrastructure for the $500 billion smart city under development in Saudi Arabia. Founder and Chair of 21st Century Girls (21C Girls), a charity delivering free coding, artificial intelligence and AI classes for girls in Singapore. Previously, a director of Aveva, a publicly traded multinational engineering and industrial software solutions provider. Has a PhD in Information Systems and Innovation from the London School of Economics and Political Science and has been a strategic advisor on AI, smart cities and fintech to corporations and governments Seetarama (Swamy) Kotagiri, Age 57 Director Since: March 2024 Independent: Yes Committee: Compensation Other Public Directorships: Magna International Inc. Reason for Nomination: Deep understanding of technological transformation and innovation from his experience in leading Magna. Significant knowledge of an industry characterized by technological and product transformation driven by digital and other emerging technologies. Significant operational knowledge and experience gained through service as CEO of Magna and leading multiple segments and businesses. Decades of experience leading global teams and adapting to macro-economic trends. Significant experience driving Magna s sustainability initiatives, including establishing emissions reduction targets and a net zero commitment. Experience in leading large acquisitions and driving organic growth. Professional Experience: CEO of Magna International, one of the largest suppliers in the automotive space, since 2021. Held a variety of roles of increasing responsibility at Magna International from 1999 until his appointment as Chief Executive Officer, including President, Magna International, President, Magna Power and Vision, and Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer. Oversaw several of Magna s segments and businesses, including serving as President, Magna Powertrain and President, Magna Electronics. Holds over 12 patents in automotive product and process design. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS J rgen Tinggren, Age 67 Director Since: March 2014 Independent: Yes Committees: Governance, Executive Other Public Directorships: N.V. Bekaert S.A. Reason for Nomination Extensive business experience as CEO and board member of leading global companies. Deep understanding of building services, industrial products and installation and service businesses. Experience as a senior executive of European, U.S. and Asia-based organizations, with a deep understanding of international markets. Understanding of digital businesses from his tenure as director of OpenText. Significant experience with mergers and acquisitions. Experience leading global teams as CEO of Schindler. Deep financial understanding as CEO of Schindler. Professional Experience: Served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Schindler Group, a global provider of elevators, escalators and related services, from 2007 until December 2013 and was a member of the Board of Directors of Schindler from March 2014 to 2016. Served in a variety of roles at Schindler, joining the Group Executive Committee of Schindler in April 1997, initially responsible for Europe and thereafter for the Asia/Pacific region, followed by Technology and Strategic Procurement. Serves as Chairman and head of the Nomination and Governance Committee of N.V. Bekaert S.A., a Belgian-based supplier of steel cord products for tire reinforcement and other specialty steel wire products. Previously served as a Director of the Sika AG Group from 2014 to 2018 and a director and Audit Committee member of OpenText Corporation from 2017 to 2020. Mark Vergnano, Age 67 Director Since: September 2016 Independent : Yes Committee: Compensation Other Public Directorships: Waters Corporation Reason for Nomination: Extensive global business experience as an executive and CEO of Chemours and DuPont. Deep understanding of the operations, global sales, and marketing in both the chemical and industrial sectors. Experience leading global teams as CEO of Chemours and in managing a variety of functions and business units at DuPont. Experience developing and driving DuPont s government affairs, public policy and corporate social responsibility strategies. Deep financial understanding as CEO of Chemours. Professional Experience: Served as the Chairman of the Board of The Chemours Company, a titanium technology, fluoroproducts, and chemical solutions producer, from July 2021 until his retirement in April 2022. Served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Chemours from July 2015 to July 2021. Served as Executive Vice President, E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company from 2009 to June 2015. While at DuPont, served as Group Vice President Safety Protection from 2006 to 2009, Vice President and General Manager DuPont Surfaces and Building Innovations from 2005 to 2006 and Vice President and General Manager DuPont Nonwovens from 2003 to 2005. Joined DuPont in 1980 as a process engineer and held a variety of manufacturing, technical and management assignments throughout multiple global locations. Currently a director of Waters Corporation, a specialty measurement company. Previously served as Chairman of the Board of Directors for the National Safety Council, and the American Chemistry Council and the Future of Stem Scholars Initiative. Founding Chair of the Vergnano Institute for Impact at the University of Connecticut. 12 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Joakim Weidemanis, Age 56 Director Since: March 2025 Independent : No Committee: Executive Other Public Directorships: None Reason for Nomination: Substantial experience leading global technology and service-driven businesses. Extensive experience scaling global companies from a foundation of customer orientation, innovation and efficiency. Experience in driving business growth organically and inorganically. Experience in shaping product portfolios and leveraging technology to drive financial performance. Experience as an operational leader in a variety of businesses, regions and markets Experience leading global teams. Professional Experience: Became our Chief Executive Officer in March 2025. Served as Executive Vice President of Danaher Corporation, a global science and technology company, from 2017 until 2024. Most recently responsible for Danaher s Diagnostics group of businesses, as well as all of Danaher s operations in China. Previously, responsible for the Product ID and Water Quality groups of businesses at Danaher. Held various management positions within Danaher from 2011 until 2017. Served as Head of Product Inspection Division of Mettler Toledo from 2005 until 2011. Served in various operating and corporate development roles at ABB Ltd. from 1995 until 2005. John D. Young, Age 61 Director Since: December 2017 Independent : Yes Committee: Compensation Other Public Directorships: Novartis AG Reason for Nomination: Extensive experience as a business leader with 30 years of experience with Pfizer. Specialized expertise in developing healthcare solutions in a variety of medical disciplines, utilizing technology and innovation. Experience in corporate social responsibility as a member of the Board of the Pfizer Foundation and his role in overseeing Pfizer s sustainability strategy and commitments. Experience leading large business units at Pfizer. Significant experience in a number of senior global positions at Pfizer. Professional Experience: Served as the Chief Business Officer of Pfizer Inc. from January 2019 until December 2021 and Special Advisor to the CEO from January 2022 until his retirement in July 2022. Served as Group President of Pfizer Innovative Health from January 2018 to December 2018 Served as Group President, Pfizer Essential Health from June 2016 to January 2018. Held various other roles at Pfizer, including Group President, Global Established Pharma Business from January 2014 until June 2016 and President and General Manager, Pfizer Primary Care from June 2012 until December 2013. Served as Pfizer s Primary Care Business Unit s Regional President for Europe and Canada from 2009 until June 2012 and U.K. Country Manager from 2007 until 2009. Currently a director of Novartis AG, a multinational company specializing in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of innovative pharmaceuticals and generic medicines. Previously a director of Arvinas, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. Election of each Director requires an affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast by the holders of ordinary shares represented at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy. Each Director s election is the subject of a separate resolution, and shareholders are entitled to one vote per share for each separate Director election resolution. The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR the election of each nominee for Director to serve until the completion of the next Annual General Meeting. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NUMBER TWO Appointment of Auditors and Authority to Set Remuneration PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) served as our independent auditors for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. The Audit Committee has selected and appointed PwC to audit our financial statements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2026. The Board, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, is asking our shareholders to ratify the appointment of PwC as our independent auditors for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2026, and to authorize the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors to set the independent auditors remuneration. Although approval is not required by our Memorandum and Articles of Association or otherwise, the Board is submitting the selection of PwC to our shareholders for ratification because we value our shareholders views on the Company s independent auditors. If the appointment of PwC is not approved by shareholders, it will be considered as notice to the Board and the Audit Committee to consider the selection of a different firm. Even if the appointment is approved, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may select a different independent auditor at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders. How We Select Our Auditor . The Audit Committee considers many factors when appointing our independent auditor, including the quality of the independent audit firm and overall audit process, the reasonableness of audit fees, cultural fit and business acumen and the potential for disruption in our business due to the loss of cumulative institutional knowledge possessed by our current auditor. When the mandated rotation of PwC s lead engagement partner occurs, the Audit Committee oversees and is directly involved in the selection of PwC s new lead engagement partner. The members of the Audit Committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of PwC to serve as our independent auditor is in our and our shareholders best interests. Representatives of PwC will attend the Annual General Meeting and will have an opportunity to make a statement if they wish. They will also be available to answer appropriate questions at the meeting. For independent auditor fee information, information on our pre-approval policy of audit and non-audit services, and the Audit Committee Report, please see below. The ratification of the appointment of the independent auditors and the authorization for the Audit Committee to set the remuneration for the independent auditors requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast by the holders of ordinary shares represented at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy. The Audit Committee and the Board unanimously recommend a vote FOR these proposals. Audit and Non-Audit Fees Aggregate fees for professional services rendered to the Company by its independent auditors as of and for the two most recent fiscal years are set forth below. The aggregate fees include fees billed or reasonably expected to be billed for the applicable fiscal year. All Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and All Other services described below were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. Fiscal Year 2025 Fiscal Year 2024 (in millions) (in millions) Audit Fees $ 23.2 $ 22.7 Audit-Related Fees 0.0 0.4 Tax Fees 1.6 2.7 All Other Fees 0.0 0.0 Total $ 24.8 $ 25.8 Audit Fees for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 were for professional services rendered by PwC and include fees for services performed to comply with auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) (United States), including the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements including reviews of the interim financial statements contained in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, issuance of consents, the issuance of comfort letters associated with debt offerings and the audit of our internal control over financial reporting. This category also includes fees for audits provided in connection with statutory filings or services that generally only the principal auditor reasonably can provide to a client, such as assistance with and review of documents filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 14 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit-Related Fees for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, were for services rendered by PwC and include fees associated with assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements. This category can include fees related to assistance in financial due diligence related to mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, carve-outs associated with divestitures and spin-off transactions, consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards and regulatory requirements, pre-implementation reviews of certain information technology systems, audits of pension and other employee benefit plans and audit services not required by statute or regulation. Tax Fees for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, were for services rendered by PwC and primarily include fees associated with tax audits, tax compliance, tax consulting, transfer pricing and tax planning. This category can also include tax planning on mergers and acquisitions, and restructurings, and other services related to tax disclosure and filing requirements. All Other Fees for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, were for services rendered by PwC and primarily include fees associated with training seminars related to accounting, finance and tax matters, technology tools related to accounting and reporting research, and other permissible advisory services. Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors The Audit Committee has a pre-approval policy that provides guidelines for the audit, audit-related, tax and other permissible non-audit services that may be provided by the independent auditors. The policy identifies the guiding principles that must be considered by the Audit Committee in approving services to ensure that the auditors independence is not impaired. The policy provides that the Chief Accounting Officer will support the Audit Committee by providing a list of proposed services to the Committee, monitoring the services and fees pre-approved by the Committee, providing periodic reports to the Audit Committee with respect to pre-approved services and ensuring compliance with the policy. Under the policy, the Audit Committee annually pre-approves the audit fee and terms of the engagement, as set forth in the engagement letter. This annual pre-approval also includes a specified list of audit, audit-related and tax services with pre-approved amounts specified in each service category. Any service not included in the specified list of services must be submitted to the Audit Committee for pre-approval. No service may extend for more than 12 months, unless the Audit Committee specifically provides for a different period. The independent auditor may not begin work on any engagement without confirmation of Audit Committee pre-approval from the Chief Accounting Officer or his or her delegate. In accordance with the policy, the chair of the Audit Committee has been delegated the authority by the Committee to pre-approve the engagement of the independent auditors for a specific service when the entire Committee is unable to do so. All such pre-approvals must be reported to the Audit Committee at the next Committee meeting. Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee of the Board is composed of three Directors, each of whom the Board has determined meets the independence and experience requirements of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) and the SEC. The Audit Committee operates under a charter approved by the Board, which is posted on our website. As more fully described in its charter, the Audit Committee oversees Johnson Controls financial reporting process on behalf of the Board. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process. Management assures that the Company develops and maintains adequate financial controls and procedures, and monitors compliance with these processes. Johnson Controls independent auditors are responsible for performing an audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States to obtain reasonable assurance that Johnson Controls consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement and expressing an opinion on the conformity of the financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The internal auditors are responsible to the Audit Committee and the Board for testing the integrity of the financial accounting and reporting control systems, as well as other matters as determined by the Audit Committee and the Board. In this context, the Audit Committee has reviewed the U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, and has met and held discussions with management, the internal auditors and the independent auditors concerning these financial statements, as well as the report of management and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm regarding the Company s internal control over financial reporting required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Management represented to the Committee that Johnson Controls U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, the Committee has discussed with the independent auditors the auditors independence from Johnson Controls and its management as required under Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3526, Communication with Audit Committees Concerning Independence, and the matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard AU Section 380 (Communication with Audit Committees) and Rule 2-07 of SEC Regulation S-X. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS In addition, the Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditor required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent auditor s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence. Based upon the Committee s review and discussions referred to above, the Committee recommended that the Board include Johnson Controls audited consolidated financial statements in Johnson Controls Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and that such report be included in Johnson Controls annual report to shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. Submitted by the Audit Committee, Gretchen R. Haggerty, Chair Pierre Cohade Seetarama Kotagiri 16 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NUMBER THREE Authorization to Make Market Purchases of Company Shares We have historically used open-market share purchases as a means of returning cash to shareholders and managing the size of our base of outstanding shares. These are longstanding objectives that management believes are important to continue. Under Irish law, neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company may make market purchases or overseas market purchases of the Company s shares without shareholder approval. Accordingly, shareholders are being asked to authorize the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, to make market purchases and overseas market purchases of up to 10% of the Company s issued shares. This authorization expires eighteen months after its issuance, unless renewed; accordingly, we expect to propose its renewal at subsequent Annual General Meetings. Such purchases would be made only at price levels which the Directors considered to be in the best interests of the shareholders generally, after taking into account the Company s overall financial position. The Company currently expects to effect repurchases under our existing share repurchase authorization as redemptions pursuant to Article 3(d) of our Articles of Association. Whether or not this proposed resolution is passed, the Company will retain its ability to effect repurchases as redemptions pursuant to its Articles of Association, although subsidiaries of the Company will not be able to make market purchases or overseas market purchases of the Company s shares unless the resolution is adopted. For the Company or any of its subsidiaries to make overseas market purchases of the Company s ordinary shares, such shares must be purchased on a market recognized for the purposes of the Companies Act 2014. The NYSE, on which the Company s ordinary shares are listed, is specified as a recognized stock exchange for this purpose by Irish law. The general authority, if approved by our shareholders, will take effect from the date of passing the authorizing resolution. Ordinary Resolution The text of the resolution in respect of Proposal 3 (which is proposed as an ordinary resolution) is as follows: RESOLVED , that the Company and any subsidiary of the Company is hereby generally authorized to make market purchases and overseas market purchases of ordinary shares in the Company ( shares ) on such terms and conditions and in such manner as the Board of Directors of the Company may determine from time to time but subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 and to the following provisions: (a) The maximum number of shares authorized to be acquired by the Company and/or any subsidiary of the Company pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed, in the aggregate, 64,000,000 ordinary shares of US $0.01 each (which represents slightly less than 10% of the Company s issued ordinary shares). (b) The maximum price to be paid for any ordinary share shall be an amount equal to 110% of the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange for the ordinary shares on the trading day preceding the day on which the relevant share is purchased by the Company or the relevant subsidiary of the Company, and the minimum price to be paid for any ordinary share shall be the nominal value of such share. (c) This general authority will be effective from the date of passing of this resolution and will expire on the earlier of the date of the Annual General Meeting in 2027 or eighteen months from the date of the passing of this resolution, unless previously varied, revoked or renewed by ordinary resolution in accordance with the provisions of section 1074 of the Companies Act 2014. The Company or any such subsidiary may, before such expiry, enter into a contract for the purchase of shares which would or might be executed wholly or partly after such expiry and may complete any such contract as if the authority conferred hereby had not expired. The authorization for the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries to make market purchases and overseas market purchases of Company shares requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting. The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR this proposal. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NUMBER FOUR Determine the Price Range at which the Company can Re-Allot Treasury Shares Our historical open-market share repurchases and other share buyback activities result in ordinary shares being acquired and held by the Company as treasury shares. We may re-allot treasury shares that we acquire through our various share buyback activities in connection with our executive compensation program and our other compensation programs. Under Irish law, our shareholders must authorize the price range at which we may re-allot any shares held in treasury (including by way of re-allotment off-market). In this proposal, that price range is expressed as a minimum and maximum percentage of the prevailing market price (as defined below). Under Irish law, this authorization expires after eighteen months unless renewed; accordingly, we expect to propose the renewal of this authorization at subsequent Annual General Meetings. The authority being sought from shareholders provides that the minimum and maximum prices at which an ordinary share held in treasury may be re-allotted are 95% and 120%, respectively, of the average closing price per ordinary share of the Company, as reported by the NYSE, for the thirty (30) trading days immediately preceding the proposed date of re-allotment, save that the minimum price for a re-allotment to satisfy an obligation under an employee share plan is the par value of a share. Any re-allotment of treasury shares will be at price levels that the Board considers in the best interests of our shareholders. Special Resolution The text of the resolution in respect of Proposal 4 (which is proposed as a special resolution) is as follows: RESOLVED , that the re-allotment price range at which any treasury shares held by the Company may be re-allotted shall be as follows: (a) the maximum price at which such treasury share may be re-allotted shall be an amount equal to 120% of the market price, and (b) the minimum price at which a treasury share may be re-allotted shall be the nominal value of the share where such a share is required to satisfy an obligation under an employee share plan operated by the Company or, in all other cases, an amount equal to 95% of the market price, and (c) for the purposes of this resolution, the market price shall mean the average closing price per ordinary share of the Company, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, for the thirty (30) trading days immediately preceding the proposed date of re-allotment. FURTHER RESOLVED , that this authority to re-allot treasury shares shall expire on the earlier of the date of the Annual General Meeting of the Company held in 2027 or eighteen months after the date of the passing of this resolution unless previously varied or renewed in accordance with the provisions of section 109 and/or 1078 (as applicable) of the Companies Act 2014 (and/or any corresponding provision of any amended or replacement legislation) and is without prejudice or limitation to any other authority of the Company to re-allot treasury shares on-market. The authorization of the price range at which the Company may re-allot any shares held in treasury requires the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the votes properly cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting. The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR this proposal. 18 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NUMBER FIVE Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation The Board recognizes that providing shareholders with an advisory vote on executive compensation can produce useful information on investor sentiment with regard to the Company s executive compensation programs. As a result, this proposal provides shareholders with the opportunity to cast an advisory vote on the compensation of our executive management team, as described in the section of this Proxy Statement entitled Compensation Discussion Analysis, and endorse or not endorse our fiscal year 2025 executive compensation philosophy, programs and policies and the compensation paid to the Named Executive Officers. The advisory vote on executive compensation is non-binding, meaning that our Board will not be obligated to take any compensation actions or to adjust our executive compensation programs or policies, as a result of the vote. Notwithstanding the advisory nature of the vote, the resolution will be considered passed with the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast by the holders of ordinary shares represented at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy. Although the vote is non-binding, our Board and the Compensation and Talent Development Committee will review the voting results. To the extent there is a significant negative vote, we would communicate directly with shareholders to better understand the concerns that influenced the vote. The Board and the Compensation and Talent Development Committee would consider constructive feedback obtained through this process in making future decisions about executive compensation programs. We currently hold the advisory vote on executive compensation on an annual basis and intend to hold the next such vote at the 2027 Annual General Meeting. Advisory Non-Binding Resolution The text of the resolution, which, if thought fit, will be passed as an advisory non-binding resolution at the Annual General Meeting, is as follows: RESOLVED , that shareholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion Analysis section of this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K. The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR this proposal. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NUMBER SIX Authorization for Directors to Allot Company Shares Under Irish law, directors of an Irish public limited company must have authority from its shareholders to issue any shares, including shares which are part of the company s authorized but unissued share capital. The Company s current authorization, approved by shareholders at our 2025 Annual General Meeting, will expire on March 4, 2026 the date of the 2026 Annual General Meeting. We are presenting this proposal to renew the Board s authority to issue authorized but unissued shares on the terms set forth below. If this proposal is not passed, the Company will have a limited ability to issue new ordinary shares. We understand it is customary practice for Irish companies listed in the U.S. to seek shareholder authority to issue shares up to an aggregate nominal value of 20% of the company s issued share capital and for such authority to be renewed each year. Therefore, in accordance with customary practice in Ireland and the rules and standards applicable to companies listed in the U.S., we are seeking approval to issue up to a maximum of 20% of our issued ordinary share capital for a period expiring on the earlier of the date of the Company s Annual General Meeting in 2027 or September 4, 2027, unless otherwise renewed, varied or revoked. We expect to propose renewal of this authorization at subsequent Annual General Meetings. Granting the Board this authority is a routine matter for public companies incorporated in Ireland and is consistent with Irish market practice. This authority is fundamental to our business and enables us to issue shares, including, if applicable, in connection with funding acquisitions and raising capital. We are not requesting that you approve an increase in our authorized share capital or a specific issuance of shares. Instead, approval of this proposal will only grant the Board the authority to issue shares that are already authorized under our Articles of Association upon the terms below. In addition, as a NYSE-listed company, our shareholders continue to benefit from the protections afforded to them under the rules and regulations of the NYSE and the SEC, including those rules that limit our ability to issue shares under specified circumstances. This authorization is required as a matter of Irish law and is not otherwise required for other companies listed on the NYSE with whom we compete. Accordingly, approval of this resolution would merely place us on par with other NYSE-listed companies. Ordinary Resolution The text of the resolution in respect of Proposal 6 (which is proposed as an ordinary resolution) is as follows: RESOLVED that the directors be and are hereby generally and unconditionally authorized to exercise all powers to allot and issue relevant securities (within the meaning of section 1021 of the Companies Act 2014) up to an aggregate nominal value of US $1,286,103 (being equivalent to approximately 20% of the aggregate nominal value of the issued share capital of the Company as at the last practicable date prior to the issue of the notice of this meeting) and the authority conferred by this resolution shall expire on the earlier of the date of the Company s Annual General Meeting in 2027 or September 4, 2027, unless previously renewed, varied or revoked; provided that the Company may make an offer or agreement before the expiry of this authority, which would or might require any such securities to be allotted after this authority has expired, and in that case, the directors may allot relevant securities in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authority conferred hereby had not expired. As required under Irish law, the resolution in respect of this proposal is an ordinary resolution that requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual General Meeting. The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR this proposal. 20 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL NUMBER SEVEN Waiver of Statutory Pre-Emption Rights Under Irish law, unless otherwise authorized, when an Irish public limited company issues shares for cash to new shareholders, it is required first to offer those shares on the same or more favorable terms to existing shareholders of the company on a pro-rata basis (commonly referred to as the pre-emption right). Our current authorization, approved by shareholders at our 2025 Annual General Meeting, will expire on March 4, 2026 the date of the 2026 Annual General Meeting. We are therefore proposing to renew the Board s authority to opt out of the pre-emption right on the terms set forth below. We understand it is customary practice for Irish companies listed in the U.S. to seek shareholder authority to opt out of the pre-emption rights provision in the event of the issuance of shares for cash, if the issuance is limited to up to 20% of a company s issued ordinary share capital. It is also customary practice for such authority to be renewed on an annual basis. Therefore, in accordance with customary practice in Ireland and the rules and standards applicable to companies listed in the U.S., we are seeking this authority, pursuant to a special resolution, to authorize the directors to issue shares for cash up to a maximum of approximately 20% of the Company s issued share capital without applying statutory pre-emption rights for a period expiring on the earlier of the Annual General Meeting in 2027 or September 4, 2027, unless otherwise varied, renewed or revoked. We expect to propose renewal of this authorization at subsequent Annual General Meetings. Granting the Board this authority is a routine matter for public companies incorporated in Ireland and is consistent with Irish customary practice. Similar to the authorization sought for Proposal 6, this authority is fundamental to our business and, if applicable, will facilitate our ability to fund acquisitions and otherwise raise capital. We are not asking you to approve an increase in our authorized share capital. Instead, approval of this proposal will only grant the Board the authority to issue shares in the manner already permitted under our Articles of Association upon the terms below. Without this authorization, in each case where we issue shares for cash, we would first have to offer those shares on the same or more favorable terms to all of our existing shareholders. This requirement could cause delays in the completion of acquisitions and capital raising for our business. This authorization is required as a matter of Irish law and is not otherwise required for other companies listed on the NYSE with whom we compete. Renewal of the authorization as described above is fully consistent with NYSE rules and listing standards and with U.S. capital markets practice and governance standards. Accordingly, approval of this resolution would merely place us closer to par with other NYSE-listed companies. Special Resolution The text of the resolution in respect of Proposal 7 (which is proposed as a special resolution) is as follows: RESOLVED that the directors be and are hereby empowered pursuant to section 1023 of the Companies Act 2014 to allot equity securities (as defined in section 1023 of that Act) for cash, pursuant to the authority conferred by proposal 6 of the notice of this meeting as if sub-section (1) of section 1022 of that Act did not apply to any such allotment, provided that this power shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities up to an aggregate nominal value of US $1,286,103 (being equivalent to approximately 20% of the aggregate nominal value of the issued share capital of the Company as at the last practicable date prior to the issue of the notice of this meeting) and the authority conferred by this resolution shall expire on the earlier of the Company s Annual General Meeting in 2027 or September 4, 2027, unless previously renewed, varied or revoked; provided that the Company may make an offer or agreement before the expiry of this authority, which would or might require any such securities to be allotted after this authority has expired, and in that case, the directors may allot equity securities in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authority conferred hereby had not expired. As required under Irish law, the resolution in respect of Proposal 7 is a special resolution that requires the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the votes cast. In addition, under Irish law, the Board may only be authorized to opt out of pre-emption rights if it is authorized to issue shares, which authority is being sought in Proposal 6. The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR this proposal. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of the Company Vision and Values of Our Board Our vision is a safe, comfortable and sustainable world. In addition to achieving financial performance objectives, our Board and management believe that we must take a leadership position in corporate governance to fulfill our vision. Our Board believes that good governance requires not only an effective set of specific practices but also a culture of responsibility throughout the company. We believe that good governance ultimately depends on the quality of leadership and are committed to recruiting and retaining Directors and officers of proven leadership ability and personal integrity. Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provide a framework for our governance practices and philosophy. Integrity First Purpose Led Customer Driven Future Focused One Team We promise honesty and transparency. We uphold the highest standards of integrity and honor the commitments we make. We believe in doing well by doing good and hold ourselves accountable to make the world a better place through the solutions we provide, our engagement in society, the way we do business, and our commitment to protect people and the environment. We win when our customers win. Our long-term strategic relationships provide unique insights and the ability to deliver exceptional customer experiences and solutions. Our culture of innovation and continuous improvement drives us to solve today s challenges while constantly asking what s next. We are one team, dedicated to working collaboratively together to create purposeful solutions that propel the world forward. Future Focused and Customer Driven Board Engagement The Board frequently engages with management on the Company s ongoing product and service innovation. Throughout the year, the Board receives updates from management on how the Company is developing and executing its strategy to build and expand its technological capabilities to deliver new and differentiated products and services grounded in deep understandings of how the Company s customers operate, including lifecycle-based solutions that address customers needs in data centers, decarbonization, energy efficiency and mission-critical environments. During fiscal year 2025, the Board participated in customer facility tours that spotlighted the data center cooling chain as well as the application of the Company s products supporting one of the largest chiller plants on the United States east coast. The Board deepened its understanding of the Company s product and technology innovation with these engagements, gaining a deeper understanding of the unique technological challenges and solutions in the data center environment and illustrating how the Company is developing, testing and deploying new technologies and solutions designed to address customers needs and create competitive differentiation for the Company s products and services. Purpose Led Board Engagement The Board recognizes the importance of sustainability in the Company s vision, values and strategy. During fiscal year 2025, the Governance and Sustainability Committee provided oversight and guidance to management in connection with the Company s continued progress toward its sustainability goals, including successfully meeting or exceeding its 2025 targets. With these targets achieved, the Board and the Governance and Sustainability Committee continued to look forward to the future, engaging with management in the planning and execution of the Company s sustainability strategy, including the path toward achieving its 2030 sustainability targets amid a changing global regulatory environment. The full Board was frequently engaged with management on the intersection of sustainability and the Company s business strategy, reviewing and discussing the Company s strategy to be a world leader in building decarbonization and energy efficiency. Through these engagements, the Board gained a deeper understanding of the key technologies, strategies, and capabilities that position the Company to provide differentiated decarbonization solutions to its customers benefiting the environment and the bottom line. 22 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Mission/Responsibilities The mission of the Board is to promote the long-term value and health of Johnson Controls, in the interests of its shareholders and to set an ethical tone at the top. All corporate authority is exercised by the Board except for those matters reserved to the shareholders. The Board retains oversight authority defining and overseeing the implementation of and compliance with standards of accountability and monitoring the effectiveness of management policies and decisions in an effort to ensure that the Company is managed in such a way to achieve its objectives. The Board delegates its authority to management, who is responsible for managing the everyday affairs of the Company. Management regularly reviews major actions and initiatives with the Board prior to implementation. The Board regularly engages with management on significant strategic matters, evaluating risk, strategic rationale, long-term value and other criteria to support its review and approval of management s operational plan and other significant strategic matters. Areas of Focus for the Board STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS Ensuring that processes are in place designed to maintain the integrity and ethical conduct of the Company; reviewing and approving the strategic plans and profit plans; reviewing corporate performance and staying apprised of relations with shareholders. GOVERNANCE RISK MANAGEMENT Overseeing and evaluating management s systems and processes for the identification, assessment, management, mitigation and reporting of major risks; establishing corporate governance standards. TALENT AND SUCCESSION PLANNING Overseeing and evaluating management s systems and senior management performance and compensation; providing advice and counsel to senior management; planning for effective succession. BOARD COMPOSITION EFFECTIVENESS Recommending candidates to the shareholders for election to the Board; setting standards for Director qualification, orientation and continuing education; reviewing and assessing the Board s leadership structure; and undertaking an annual performance evaluation regarding the effectiveness of the Board. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Expertise The Director nominees as a whole are strong in their vision, strategy and business judgment. They possess a robust collective knowledge of management and leadership, business operations, crisis management, risk assessment, industry expertise, accounting and finance, technology and innovation, public policy, sustainability and corporate social responsibility, corporate governance, and global markets. Skills and Expertise Archer Blackwell Cohade Dunbar Haggerty Khanna Kotagiri Tinggren Vergnano Weidemanis Young Executive Leadership Experience Directors with significant leadership experience over an extended period, including as chief executive officer or chief financial officer, provide the Company with special insight into how large organizations operate, including strategy, productivity, regulatory concerns, talent development and risk management. Experience Leading Global Teams Directors who have worked in global companies have experience in markets outside the United States and bring valuable knowledge to the Company, including exposure to a wide range of cultural perspectives and practices, and provide critical insights in light of the Company s global operations. Financial and Accounting Expertise Directors with an understanding of accounting and financial reporting processes, particularly in large global businesses, provide an important oversight role. Public Policy Experience Directors with public policy and government experience have key insight into the role of regulatory issues and government affairs affecting the Company. Cybersecurity, Technology and Innovation Experience Directors with expertise in cybersecurity, IT, technology fields and/or driving technological innovation are important as we continue to transform and evolve our business through digital solutions and services. Manufacturing and Industry Experience Directors with experience in the industry and markets served by the Company offer a valuable perspective for operations. Corporate Governance Experience Directors with experience in corporate governance, such as service on boards and board committees, or as governance executives of other large, public companies, are familiar with the dynamics and operation of a board of directors and the impact that governance policies have on the Company. Corporate Responsibility/Sustainability Experience Directors with experience in corporate responsibility initiatives, including sustainability, help drive our mission to create smart and sustainable buildings for the communities in which we live, work, learn and play. M A Experience Directors with experience in M A provide key insights relevant to our business portfolio and our long-term strategic planning. 24 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Composition, Tenure and Refreshment Nominee Tenure (years) Age Gender Race/Ethnicity Committee Chair Other Public Boards Timothy M. Archer 1 58 M White 1 Jean Blackwell 7 71 F White 1 Pierre Cohade* 7 64 M White 1 W. Roy Dunbar* 8 64 M Black 3 Gretchen R. Haggerty 7 70 F White 2 Ayesha Khanna* 2 52 F Asian 0 Seetarama (Swamy) Kotagiri 1 57 M Asian 1 J rgen Tinggren* 11 67 M White 1 Mark Vergnano 9 67 M White 1 Joakim Weidemanis* 0 56 M White 0 John D. Young* 8 61 M White 1 (*) Non-US Citizen or Dual Citizenship. The Governance and Sustainability Committee, in accordance with the Board s Corporate Governance Guidelines, seeks to create a Board that is strong in its collective knowledge and has a variety of skills and experience with respect to vision and strategy, management and leadership, business operations, business judgment, crisis management, risk assessment, industry knowledge, accounting and finance, corporate governance and global markets. The Johnson Controls Board does not have a specific policy or requirement regarding diversity, but aims to ensure that the Board s members reflect a wide range of experience, skills, and backgrounds when evaluating the overall composition of the Board and selecting Director nominees. The Board takes into account the current composition of the Board and the extent to which a candidate s particular background, expertise and experience will complement the expertise and experience of other Directors. The Governance and Sustainability Committee also considers whether the Board has an appropriate combination of worldwide market exposure and subject matter expertise in light of Johnson Controls current and expected future needs. The Governance and Sustainability Committee believes that it is desirable for Directors to contribute to a variety of viewpoints on the Board, which may be enhanced by a mix of different professional and personal backgrounds and experiences. As previously disclosed, Simone Menne retired from the Board at the 2025 Annual General Meeting. Women currently comprise 25% of the Board and have composed at least 30% of the Board since 2023 and prior to Ms. Menne s retirement. The Governance and Sustainability Committee has engaged an outside director search firm and intends to appoint or nominate a new independent director at a future date and will take into account the Board s historical composition, as well as the feedback and policies of its shareholders, when selecting a new director. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Leadership In 2025, in connection with the retirement of George Oliver and the appointment of Joakim Weidemanis as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Board determined it was appropriate to change its leadership structure to separate the roles of Chair and CEO and designate an independent Board Chair. The Board made this determination based on an evaluation of how best to support Mr. Weidemanis in his transition to the role of CEO and provide continuity of leadership at the Board. The Board also considered shareholder perspectives on leading corporate governance practices. As a result, Mark Vergnano was appointed as Board Chair upon the retirement of Mr. Oliver from the Board. Mr. Vergnano joined our Board in 2016. During his tenure as a Board member, Mr. Vergano has established strong and effective working relationships with his fellow Directors and garnered their trust and respect. Furthermore, he has demonstrated strong leadership skills, independent thinking and a deep understanding of our business. Mr. Vergano was deeply involved in the Company s CEO succession process and has played a key role in supporting Mr. Weidemanis during his transition into the CEO role. Together with the CEO, the Board Chair hosts informal Board update calls on a monthly basis between Board meetings to keep Directors current on important business developments and the status of key strategic and operational initiatives. These update calls provide Directors with the opportunity to stay current on matters impacting the Company, which facilitates more efficient and robust discussions at the regularly scheduled Board meetings. The Board has not designated a separate Lead Director in light of its current governance structure, as the Board does not consider this role to be useful or appropriate when the Board Chair is determined to be independent. The Board believes our overall corporate governance measures help ensure that strong, independent Directors continue to effectively oversee our management and key issues related to strategy, risk and integrity; executive compensation, CEO evaluation, and succession planning. Board Oversight of Strategy One of the Board s primary responsibilities is overseeing management s establishment and execution of the Company s strategy. The full Board oversees strategy and strategic risk through robust and constructive engagement with management, taking into consideration our key priorities, global trends impacting our business, regulatory developments, technological developments and disruptors to our businesses. The Board s oversight of our strategy primarily occurs through regular and deep-dive reviews of the Company s strategic plans. During these reviews, management provides the Board with its view of the key commercial and strategic risks and opportunities faced by the Company; and the Board provides management with feedback on whether management has identified the key risks and opportunities and is taking appropriate action to strategically position the Company to meet its objectives and goals. Because the Company s strategic initiatives are subject to rapidly evolving business dynamics, the Board regularly receives updates on key strategic initiatives throughout the year to ensure progress is being made against goals, understand where adjustments or refinements to strategy may be appropriate and stay current on issues impacting the business. The Board s oversight of strategy was prominent throughout the year as the Company furthered its strategy to advance smart, healthy and sustainable buildings to power its customers missions. At every regularly scheduled Board meeting, the Board received updates from management on how the Company was positioning itself to capitalize on the emerging and prevalent trends in the commercial buildings industry, including data centers, decarbonization, smart buildings and mission-critical environments. These discussions were supplemented by regular, in-depth discussions on how the Company s business segments and functions supported the execution of the Company s strategy and worked to develop or expand differentiated capabilities in each of the Company s strategic pillars. The Board also engaged with management on the key risks to the Company s strategy. The Board provided focused oversight and guidance as the Company executed its strategy to simplify its portfolio. The Board was frequently engaged with management and the Company s external advisors during the Company s strategic review of its non-commercial product lines. The Board participated in regular portfolio review sessions and provided advice and guidance to management throughout the strategic review process, including the completion of the sale of the Company s Air Distribution Technologies and Residential Light Commercial businesses. Throughout this process, the Board has been and continues to be engaged with the Company and its external advisors to transform the Company into a simpler, more focused company focused on driving growth and profit. For additional information on our strategy, see Business Strategy in Item 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2025. 26 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Oversight of Talent and Succession Planning Our Board oversees management succession planning and talent development. The Compensation and Talent Development Committee is charged with reviewing the talent development and succession plans for the CEO and other senior leadership positions, senior leadership pipeline development and our human capital initiatives and progress. The Compensation and Talent Development Committee regularly reviews the CEO succession plan and the succession plans for key positions at the senior executive level across the Company. The CEO and CHRO regularly review with the Compensation and Talent Development Committee on the assessment and the development of a pipeline of senior leaders who are potential successors for these roles. In addition, the full Board regularly discusses succession and/or talent management at its quarterly meetings. These discussions are led by the CEO and CHRO, with periodic assistance from other senior leaders within the Company and firms with talent assessment expertise. These discussions encompass critical leadership competencies, talent assessment, talent needs, short-term and long-term development, and the readiness of executives, as well as the pool of external talent. The Board also evaluates succession and development plans in the context of our overall business strategy and culture. Potential leaders are visible to Board members through formal presentations and informal events to allow Directors to personally engage with current and future leaders. In fiscal year 2025, Board members were actively involved in the succession planning for the Chief Human Resources Officer and Vice President and President, Americas. Board members were involved in working with management to develop the talent pipeline and succession plans for each position. Our Board also establishes steps to address emergency CEO succession planning in extraordinary circumstances. Our emergency CEO succession planning is intended to enable our Company to respond to unexpected emergencies and minimize potential disruptions or losses of continuity to our Company s business and operations. CEO Succession During fiscal year 2024, George Oliver informed the Board of Directors that it was time to initiate the Board s CEO succession plan in advance of his retirement. The full Board engaged in a comprehensive succession process, led by Ms. Blackwell and Messrs. Tinggren and Vergnano and supported by an external search firm engaged by the Company, to identify Mr. Oliver s successor. The Board worked together with its external advisor to align on key skills and search criteria for the Company s next CEO, building on the Board s prior CEO succession planning. The Board interviewed a slate of internal and external candidates, seeking a leader best positioned to lead the Company in its next chapter of growth. Based on this process, the Board determined to appoint Mr. Weidemanis as the Company s next CEO based on his proven track record in leading global technology and service-driven businesses and delivering profitable growth. In addition, the position of Board Chair was separated from the role of CEO and transitioned from Mr. Oliver to Mr. Vergnano in order to support Mr. Weidemanis transition into the role of CEO and provide continuity of leadership at the Board. 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board and Committee Oversight of Risk Management 28 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Oversight of Cybersecurity We understand that cybersecurity is an essential component of the Board s oversight responsibility. The Board receives information technology and cybersecurity updates from senior management, including the Chief Digital and Information Officer and the Chief Information Security Officer, several times per year. These updates cover the cybersecurity risks facing our enterprise information technology structure, as well as our digital products and services. The Governance and Sustainability Committee provides a deeper level of oversight through quarterly engagements with senior management, including the Chief Digital and Information Officer and the Chief Information Security Officer, to review our cybersecurity program, focusing on the highest-risk areas and key mitigation strategies. Topics covered in fiscal year 2025 included: internal and external cybersecurity updates, data protection, AI, data privacy, and cybersecurity protections for directors and executives. The Board has enhanced its oversight capabilities by engaging an independent third-party cybersecurity advisor to advise, educate and support the Board. This has included regular interactions with the Governance and Sustainability Committee and the full Board. In 2025, the Governance and Sustainability Committee provided deeper engagement with management on the topic of AI. The Committee engaged with management to understand and provide oversight on how we are utilizing AI to enhance our business and products, as well as the governance and risk mitigation structures in place to ensure compliance, manage risk, and create value. The Governance and Sustainability Committee has expanded its charter to include the oversight of AI as part of its broader oversight of cybersecurity risk. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience cyber threats and incidents. The Governance and Sustainability Committee is notified of any notable incidents that may have occurred during the quarter, as well as provided regular updates on cybersecurity events impacting the marketplace (whether or not we are impacted). The Board, supported by its independent third-party cybersecurity advisor, has continued to exercise its oversight to understand the lessons learned from any incidents and ensure that they are applied by management. Our cybersecurity policies, standards, and procedures apply to all users, creating awareness of threats and the importance of information security and cybersecurity across our workforce. The policies and standards were developed using elements of recognized standards, including ISO 27001 and the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, for the overall enterprise, and ISA/IEC 62443 for automation and control system products. We have implemented cybersecurity policies throughout our operations, including designing and incorporating cybersecurity into the development process for our products and services. Our ERM process considers cybersecurity threat risks alongside other significant risks as part of our overall risk assessment process. Our vulnerability management program conducts assessments with specified frequencies for specific asset types to validate system health against known threats. We leverage multiple tools, which are routinely updated with new threat signatures, to continually respond to evolving threats identified as part of our threat detection capability. We also maintain a cybersecurity insurance policy. We engage with third parties to perform security assessments of our technology environments, including penetration testing and maturity assessments, as well as services to support threat analysis and incident detection and response. Oversight of Political Spending We participate in the public policy process in various ways, including corporate government affairs activities designed to educate policymakers on key issues related to our business, political giving through the Johnson Controls Political Action Committee ( PAC ) and limited direct corporate political contributions. To promote transparency, we make this information publicly available on our website and through various government filings, as required by law. Our PAC is governed by a steering committee, which is chaired by our Executive Vice President General Counsel and made up of business and functional leaders across the Company in the United States. The steering committee provides operational oversight and direction of PAC activities. The steering committee also reviews candidate recommendations and uses the PAC s selection criteria to determine who will receive financial support. Our lobbying and political activities are overseen by our Chief Sustainability External Relations Officer, who works closely with our legal department to ensure compliance with our political engagement policy. Our Executive Vice President General Counsel, Chief Sustainability External Relations Officer, and Chief Compliance Officer meet together regularly with the Chief Executive Officer and the senior leadership team to review legislative, regulatory and political developments. The Governance and Sustainability Committee provides primary board-level oversight in reviewing our corporate political activity and public policy efforts. Our Chief Sustainability External Relations Officer reports to the Governance and Sustainability Committee on our governmental outreach, PAC and other political activities on a regular basis and the full Board is briefed on government relations matters at least annually. Director Nomination The Governance and Sustainability Committee periodically reviews its nomination criteria and qualifications to determine any need to revise such criteria and qualifications based upon corporate governance best practices and Johnson Controls needs at 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS the time of the review. The current composition of our Board and Director nominees reflects these ongoing efforts and the continued importance of a broad range of skills, backgrounds, characteristics, and experience to the Board. General criteria for the nomination of Director candidates include: The highest ethical standards and integrity A willingness to act on and be accountable for Board decisions An ability to provide wise, informed and thoughtful counsel to executive leadership on a range of issues Diversity of expertise, experience and background A history of achievement that reflects superior standards for themselves and others Loyalty and commitment to driving the success of the Company An ability to take tough positions while at the same time working as a team player Individual backgrounds that provide a portfolio of experience and knowledge commensurate with the Company s needs The Company also strives to have all non-employee Directors independent. In addition to having such Directors meet the NYSE definition of independence, the Board has set its own more rigorous standard of independence. The Governance and Sustainability Committee must also ensure that the members of the Board as a group maintain the requisite qualifications under NYSE listing standards for populating the Audit, Compensation and Talent Development and Governance and Sustainability Committees. In addition, the Governance and Sustainability Committee ensures that each member of the Compensation and Talent Development Committee is a Non-Employee Director as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is an outside director as defined in section 162(m) of the U.S. Code. As provided in its charter, the Governance and Sustainability Committee will consider Director candidates recommended by shareholders. To recommend a Director candidate, a shareholder should write to Johnson Controls Secretary at Johnson Controls current registered address: One Albert Quay, Cork, Ireland, T12 X8N6. Such recommendation must include: The name and address of the candidate A brief biographical description, including his or her occupation for at least the last five years, and a statement of the qualifications of the candidate, taking into account the qualification requirements set forth above The candidate signed consent to serve as a Director if elected and to be named in the proxy statement Evidence of share ownership of the person making the recommendation All information required by Article 62 of our Memorandum and Articles of Association to be included in notices for any nomination by a shareholder of an individual for election to the Board The recommendation must also follow the procedures set forth in Articles 54 through 68 of our Memorandum and Articles of Association to be considered timely and complete in order to be considered for nomination to the Board. To be considered by the Governance and Sustainability Committee for nomination and inclusion in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2027 Annual General Meeting, shareholder recommendations for Directors must be received by Johnson Controls Corporate Secretary no later than September 18, 2026. Once the Company receives the recommendation, the Company may deliver a questionnaire to the candidate that requests additional information about the candidate s independence, qualifications and other information that would assist the Governance and Sustainability Committee in evaluating the candidate, as well as certain information that must be disclosed about the candidate in the Company s proxy statement, if nominated. Candidates must complete and return the questionnaire within the time frame provided to be considered for nomination by the Governance and Sustainability Committee. To comply with the universal proxy rules, shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of Director nominees other than the Company s nominees must also provide the additional information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. Such additional information must be received by the Corporate Secretary at the Company s registered address by no later than January 3, 2027. No candidates were recommended by shareholders in connection with the 2026 Annual General Meeting. The Governance and Sustainability Committee from time to time employs an unrelated search firm to assist the Committee in Identifying candidates for Director when a vacancy occurs. The Governance and Sustainability Committee also receives suggestions for Director candidates from Board members. All of our nominees for Director are current members of the Board. Mr. Weidemanis was originally identified and recommended to the Board by a third-party search firm in connection with our CEO search. In evaluating candidates for Director, the Governance and Sustainability Committee uses the qualifications described above and evaluates shareholder candidates in the same manner as candidates from all other sources. 30 2026 Notice and Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Orientation All new Directors participate in our director orientation program during their first few months on the Board. New Directors receive an extensive suite of onboarding materials covering Director responsibilities, corporate governance practices and policies, business strategies, leadership structure, and long-term plans. They then participate in a series of meetings with management representatives from our business and functional areas to review and discuss information about the Company s strategic plans, financial statements, and key issues, policies, and practices. Based on feedback from our Directors, we believe this onboarding approach provides new Directors with a strong foundation for understanding our businesses, connects Directors with members of management with whom they will interact, and accelerates their effectiveness to engage fully in Board deliberations. Director Education Our Board believes that Director education empowers Directors to fulfill their roles and actively supports Board members in their continuous learning. Directors may enroll in continuing education programs at our expense on corporate governance and other critical issues relevant to the Directors service on the Board. The Corporate Secretary, in collaboration with the Governance and Sustainability Committee, advises Directors of opportunities for Director education in areas important to the Company and the overall functioning of the Board. Our Board also hears regularly from management on numerous subjects, including investor relations, human capital management, sustainability, technology, regulatory developments, data privacy, and cybersecurity. In addition, the Board periodically participates in site visits to our facilities. For example, in fiscal year 2025, the Board toured the facility of one of the Company s data center customers. The Board engaged directly with the customer and representatives of the Company to understand the design and construction of data centers, including the importance of data center cooling in optimizing performance and uptime. The Board further supplemented this knowledge with specific discussions during the year on data center cooling technology, the Company s capabilities and the Company s strategy to create differentiated technologies and solutions to support data center cooling needs and drive energy efficiency. Shareholder Engagement In the fiscal year 2025, we continued our focus on regularly engaging with our shareholders. We reached out to holders of over 60% of our outstanding shares. Meetings were requested by eleven shareholders, representing approximately 34% of the Company s outstanding shares. During these meetings, we discussed many topics including CEO succession, executive compensation, our sustainability strategy, cybersecurity and corporate governance matters. Investors provided valuable comments and perspectives on the Company s governance, risk and compensation practices and were generally supportive of the Company s approach in these areas. Investors also expressed their approval of the Company s corporate responsibility and sustainability efforts. This outreach and the corresponding discussions provide our Board with valuable insights into the views of our shareholders. We plan to continue to actively engage with our shareholders on a regular basis to better understand and consider their views. Board Committees To conduct its business, the Board maintains three standing committees: Audit, Compensation and Talent Development, and Governance and Sustainability; and each of these NYSE-required committees are entirely composed of independent Directors. The Board also maintains an Executive Committee, comprised of the Board Chair, the CEO, and each committee chair, which meets to review matters as delegated to it by the Board. All committees report their activities to the full Board. The Board Chair may also convene special committees to review discrete matters that require the consideration of a Board committee, but do not fit within the mandate of any of the standing committees. Special committees report their activities to the full Board. To ensure effective discussion and decision-making while maintaining a sufficient number of independent Directors for its three standing committees, the Board is normally constituted of between ten and thirteen Directors. The minimum and maximum number of Directors is set forth in our Articles of Association. The Governance and Sustainability Committee reviews the Board s governance guidelines a