=== JCI_2025-11-14.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS Provided below is a cautionary discussion of what we believe to be the most important risk factors applicable to the Company. Discussion of these factors is incorporated by reference into and considered an integral part of Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations.” The disclosure of a risk should not be interpreted to imply that such risk has not already materialized. Additional risks not currently known to the Company or that the Company currently believes are immaterial may also impair the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Business Operations Our future growth is dependent upon our ability to develop or acquire new products, services and technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. Our future success depends on our ability to develop or acquire, manufacture and bring competitive, and increasingly complex, products and services to market quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to develop or acquire new products, services and technologies requires the investment of significant resources. These acquisitions and development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses, and they may not lead to the development of new technologies, products or services on a timely basis. Further, we must continue to effectively adapt our products and services to a changing technological and regulatory environment to drive growth and defend against disruption caused by competitors, regulators or other external forces impacting our business and operations. If we are unable to be agile and responsive to disruption in the development of new products, services and technologies, including capabilities such as energy efficiency, cooling technology (including liquid 11 cooling), artificial intelligence and machine learning, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Even after introduction, new or enhanced products may not satisfy customer preferences and product failures may cause customers to reject our products. Further, as we integrate emerging and rapidly evolving technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning into our products and services, we may not be able to anticipate or identify vulnerabilities, design flaws or security threats resulting from the use of such technology and develop adequate protection measures. As a result, these products may not achieve market acceptance and our brand image could suffer. We must also attract, develop and retain individuals with the requisite technical expertise and understanding of customers’ needs to develop new technologies and introduce new products. The laws and regulations applicable to our products, and our customers’ product and service needs, change from time to time, and regulatory changes may render our products and technologies noncompliant or result in new or enhanced regulatory scrutiny. In addition, the markets for our products, services and technologies may not develop or grow as we anticipate. The failure of our technology, products or services to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by our competitors, the introduction of new competitors to the market with new or innovative product offerings or the failure to address any of the above factors could significantly reduce our revenues, increase our operating costs or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to increase organizational effectiveness through the execution of our operating model and organizational improvements may reduce our profitability or adversely impact our business. Our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows are dependent upon our ability to execute on our operating model and drive organizational improvement. We seek to develop and maintain a high-performance, customer centric culture and commercial organization characterized by differentiated products and services, the attraction and retention of top talent and delivering sustained results. Our ability to successfully implement our operating model includes our ability to organize our operations around our commercial and manufacturing strategy through organizational improvements and implementing incentive programs that promote and reward the effective execution of our strategy. The implementation of our operating model also depends on our ability to quickly respond to market and innovation driven changes and redeploy our resources as needed within our organization. If we are unable to successfully implement and execute our operating model, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. We seek to drive organizational improvement through a variety of actions, including restructuring and integration activities, digital transformation, strategic initiatives, business portfolio reviews, productivity initiatives, functionalization, incentive programs, training, executive management changes, and business and operating model assessments. The Company has committed to a multi-year restructuring plan to address stranded costs and further right-size its global operations as a result of previously announced portfolio optimization transactions. In addition, during fiscal year 2025, the Company realigned its organizational structure into three regional reporting segments as part of ongoing initiatives to drive simplification, accelerate growth, and better reflect its organizational and operational structure. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution, additional unexpected costs, loss of customer relationships, realization of fewer than estimated productivity improvements, increased change fatigue, organizational strain and adverse effects on employee morale. We may not realize the full operational or financial benefits we expect, the recognition of these benefits may be delayed, and these actions may potentially disrupt our operations. In addition, our failure to effectively implement our operating model and manage organizational changes may lead to increased attrition of customers and employees and harm our ability to attract and retain key talent. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality and on-time delivery could damage our reputation with customers and negatively impact our results. Product and service quality issues could harm customer confidence in our Company and our brands. If certain of our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding quality, safety or performance, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and we could be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks. In addition, a recall or claim could require us to review some or all of our product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other products, which could result in a significant disruption to our business and our results of operations. We have experienced such quality issues in the past and may experience such issues in the future. We cannot be certain that our quality controls and procedures will reveal defects in our products or their raw materials, which may not become apparent until after the products have been placed in use in the market. Accordingly, there is a risk that products will have defects, which could result in loss of sales or delays in market acceptance and require a product recall or field corrective action. Such remedial actions can be expensive to implement and may damage our reputation, customer 12 relationships and market share. We have conducted product recalls and field corrective actions in the past and may do so again in the future. When our products fail to perform as expected, we are exposed to warranty, product liability, personal injury and other claims. In many jurisdictions, product liability claims are not limited to any specified amount of recovery and such claims or contribution requests or requirements could exceed our available insurance. There can be no assurance that we will not experience any material warranty or product liability claims in the future, that we will not incur significant costs to defend such claims or that we will have adequate reserves to cover any recall, repair and replacement costs. Our ability to compete and generate sales depends in part on our capacity to meet customer demand and ensure that products and services are delivered to the customer on time. If we are unable to manufacture and deliver products to customers on time, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and we could be exposed to legal, financial, and reputational risks. The inability to deliver our products to customers on time could also restrict our manufacturing capacity, which could lead to the loss of customers and restrict our ability to grow sales. The ability of suppliers to deliver raw materials, parts and components to our manufacturing facilities, and our ability to manufacture and deliver services without disruption, could affect our results of operations. We use a wide range of materials (primarily steel, copper and aluminum) and components (including semiconductors, electronic components, and components utilizing rare earth minerals) in the global production of our products, which come from numerous suppliers around the world. Because not all of our business arrangements provide for guaranteed supply and some key parts may be available only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers, we are subject to supply and pricing risk. Our operations and those of our suppliers are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons. For example, we have in the past experienced the following supply chain issues due to economic, political and other factors largely beyond our control: increased input material costs and component shortages; supply chain disruptions and delays and cost inflation. In addition, some of our subcontractors have experienced supply chain and labor disruptions, which have and could in the future impact our ability to timely complete projects and convert our backlog. Such disruptions have and could in the future interrupt our ability to manufacture or obtain certain products and components, thereby adversely impacting our ability to provide products to customers and realize expected profit margins. We could experience the recurrence of similar or new disruptions in the future, the effect of which will depend on our ability to successfully mitigate the impact of these disruptions. Any such disruption could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Material supply shortages and delays in deliveries, along with other factors such as price inflation, can also result in increased pricing. While many of our customers permit quarterly or other periodic adjustments to pricing based on changes in component prices and other factors, we may bear the risk of price increases that occur between any such repricing or, if such repricing is not permitted, during the balance of the term of the particular customer contract. The inability to timely convert our backlog due to supply chain disruptions subjects us to pricing risk due to cost inflation occurring between the generation of backlog and its conversion into revenue. If we are unable to effectively manage the impacts of price inflation and timely convert our backlog, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could materially and adversely be affected. Our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a high-performance, customer-centric management team and workforce. Continuous efficient and timely customer service, customer support and customer intimacy are essential to enabling customer loyalty and driving our financial results. Our growth strategies require that we pivot to new talent capability investments and build the workforce of the future, with an emphasis on developing skills in digital and consultative, outcome-based selling. Failure to ensure that we have leadership, technical and talent capacity with the necessary skillset and experience could impede our ability to deliver our growth objectives, execute our strategic plan and effectively transition our leadership. Any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees could have a negative effect on our results of operations. The nature of our business requires us to maintain a labor force that is sufficiently large enough to support our manufacturing operations to meet customer demand, as well as provide on-site services and project support for our customers. This includes recruiting, hiring and retaining skilled trade workers to support our direct channel field businesses. We have in the past, and could in the future, experience shortages for skilled or unskilled labor. The impacts of such labor shortages could limit our ability to scale our operations to meet increased demand and convert backlog into revenue, which could negatively impact our growth and results of operations. 13 Cybersecurity incidents impacting our IT systems and digital products could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and materially and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our IT and data security infrastructure and our ability to expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. As we implement new systems or integrate existing systems, they may not perform as expected. We also face the challenge of supporting our older systems, which are vulnerable to increased risks, including the risk of security breaches, system failures and disruptions, and implementing necessary upgrades. If we experience a problem with the functioning of an important IT system as a result of increased burdens placed on our IT infrastructure or a security breach of our IT systems, the resulting disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to IT systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats directed at the Company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers, including cloud providers. We and third parties utilize vendors to support our business and operations have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, these types of threats and incidents, which add to the risks to our IT systems (including our cloud services providers’ systems), internal networks, our customers’ systems and the information that they store and process. We have and may in the future experience cybersecurity incidents that cause us to incur significant costs, reputational damage, expose us to legal claims or enforcement actions and fines levied by governmental organizations, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. There can be no assurance that unauthorized access or cyber incidents will not occur or that we will not suffer material losses in the future. Other potential consequences could include the theft of intellectual property and the diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. Our customers, including the U.S. government, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. Despite our efforts to deploy countermeasures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate cybersecurity threats, we have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, attacks and resulting breaches or breakdowns of our, or our third-party service providers’, databases or systems. Cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, have resulted, and may in the future result, in misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties) and the disruption of business operations. Such incidents have remained, and could in the future remain, undetected for an extended period of time, and the losses arising from such incidents could exceed our available insurance coverage for such matters. In addition, security breaches impacting our IT systems have in certain cases resulted in, and in the future could result in, a risk of loss or unauthorized disclosure or theft of information, which could lead to enforcement actions, litigation, regulatory or governmental audits, investigations and possible liability. An increasing number of our products, services and technologies, including our OpenBlue software platform, are delivered with digital capabilities and accompanying interconnected device networks, which include sensors, data, building management systems and advanced computing and analytics capabilities. If we are unable to manage the lifecycle cybersecurity risk in development, deployment and operation of our digital platforms and services, they could become susceptible to cybersecurity incidents and lead to third-party claims that our product failures have caused damage to our customers. This risk is enhanced by the increasingly connected nature of our products and the role they play in managing building systems. Data privacy, identity protection and information security compliance may require significant resources and presents certain risks. We collect, store, have access to and otherwise process certain confidential or sensitive data, including proprietary business information, customer data, personal data or other information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and/or customer-imposed controls. Despite our efforts to protect such data, our business, data and our products have been and will in the future be vulnerable to security incidents, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, or errors that could potentially lead to the compromise or further compromise of such data, improper use of our products, systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions. During September 2023, we experienced a cybersecurity event where certain data, primarily employee, job applicant and personal information and other related data, was impacted. The Company has taken appropriate actions to notify individuals and regulatory authorities. The actual or perceived risk of theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, employee or other data as a result of the foregoing or any other cybersecurity incident, as well as non-compliance with applicable industry standards or our contractual 14 or other legal obligations or privacy and information security policies regarding such data, could result in litigation and/or regulatory activity and associated fines, damages, costs, awards, or settlements. Such an event could lead customers to select the products and services of our competitors. Such incidents could harm our reputation, cause unfavorable publicity or otherwise adversely affect certain existing and potential customers’ perception of the security and reliability of our services as well as our credibility and reputation, which could result in lost sales. In addition, we have and may in the future be required to make certain third-party notifications to individuals and regulators. We operate in an environment in which there are different and potentially conflicting data privacy laws in effect in the various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and we must understand and comply with each law and standard in each of these jurisdictions while ensuring the data is secured. For example, proposed regulations restricting the use of biometric security technology could impact the products and solutions offered by our security business. Government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial results. Some of our contracts do not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. While we maintain general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions, such coverage might not be adequate or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to such claims. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in adverse changes to our insurance policies could have an adverse effect on our business. We are incorporating artificial intelligence technologies into our products, services and processes. These technologies may present business, compliance and reputational risks. Recent technological advances in artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine-learning technology both present opportunities and pose risks to us. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving technological developments in AI, our competitive position and business results may suffer. The introduction of these technologies, particularly generative AI, into internal processes and/or new and existing offerings may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, including due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. In addition, our personnel could, unbeknownst to us, improperly utilize AI and machine learning-technology while carrying out their responsibilities. The use of AI in the development of our products and services could also cause loss or theft of intellectual property, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy and cybersecurity. The use of AI can lead to unintended consequences, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our stakeholders, our reputation and our business and expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. We also face risks of competitive disadvantage if our competitors more effectively use AI to drive internal efficiencies or create new or enhanced products or services that we are unable to compete against on cost, quality or other attributes. Infringement or expiration of our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed upon the intellectual property rights of third parties, could negatively affect us. We rely on a combination of trademarks, trade secrets, patents, copyrights, know-how, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We cannot guarantee that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property will be adequate to prevent infringement of our rights or misappropriation or theft of our technology, trade secrets or know-how. For example, effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in some of the countries in which we operate. Continued use of AI in the development of our products and services could also impact our intellectual property protections. While we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to protect our trade secrets, know-how, business strategy and other proprietary information, such confidentiality agreements could be breached or otherwise may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how related to the design, manufacture or operation of our products. From time to time, we resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights. Such proceedings can be burdensome and costly, and we may not prevail. Further, adequate remedies may not be available in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets and manufacturing expertise. For those products in our portfolio that rely on patent protection, once a patent has expired, the product is generally open to competition. Products under patent protection usually generate significantly higher revenues than those not protected by 15 patents. If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could suffer, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we are, from time to time, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties, including practicing entities and non-practicing entities. Regardless of the merit of such claims, responding to infringement claims can be expensive and time-consuming. The litigation process is subject to inherent uncertainties, and we may not prevail in litigation matters regardless of the merits of our position. Intellectual property lawsuits or claims may become extremely disruptive if the plaintiffs succeed in blocking the trade of our products and services and they may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We rely on our global direct installation channel for a significant portion of our revenue. Failure to maintain and grow the installed base resulting from direct channel sales could adversely affect our business. Unlike many of our competitors, we rely on a direct sales channel for a substantial portion of our revenue. The direct channel provides for the installation of fire and security solutions, and HVAC equipment manufactured by us. This represents a significant distribution channel for our products, creates a large installed base of our fire and security solutions and HVAC equipment, and creates opportunities for longer term service, monitoring, solutions and retrofit revenue over the lifecycle of the building. If we are unable to maintain or grow this installation business, whether due to changes in economic conditions, a failure to anticipate changing customer needs, a failure to introduce innovative or technologically advanced solutions, or for any other reason, our installation revenue could decline, which could in turn adversely impact our product pull-through and our ability to grow service, monitoring, solutions and retrofit revenue. Global climate change and related regulations could negatively affect our business. The effects of climate change create financial and operational risks to our business. For example, the effects of climate change could impact the availability and cost of materials needed for manufacturing, exacerbate existing risks to our supply chain and increase insurance and other operating costs. These factors may impact our decisions to construct new facilities or maintain existing facilities in areas most prone to physical climate risks. We could also face indirect financial risks passed through the supply chain and disruptions that could result in increased prices for our products and the resources needed to produce them. Increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change has resulted in more regulations designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These regulations tend to target the global warming potential (“GWP”) of refrigerants, equipment energy efficiency, and the combustion of fossil fuels. Many of our products consume energy and use refrigerants. Regulations which seek to reduce greenhouse gas emissions present a risk predominantly to our HVAC business, if we do not adequately prepare and refresh our product portfolio. As a result, we have and may in the future be required to make increased research and development and other capital expenditures to meet new regulations and standards. Further, our customers and the markets we serve may impose emissions or other environmental standards through regulation, market-based emissions policies or consumer preference that we may not be able to timely meet due to the required level of capital investment or technological advancement. While we have been committed to continuous improvements to our product portfolio to meet and exceed anticipated regulations and preferences, there can be no assurance that our commitments will be successful, that our products will be accepted by the market, that proposed regulation or deregulation will not have a negative competitive impact or that economic returns will reflect our product development investments. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate and refrigerant transition legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. Such regulatory uncertainty extends to incentives, which if discontinued, could adversely impact the demand for energy efficient buildings, and could increase costs of compliance. In addition, the rollback of existing climate and refrigerant transition legislation in certain jurisdictions could increase our costs to adapt our portfolio for compliance and competitiveness

=== JCI_2026-05-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Except as set forth herein, there have been no material changes to the disclosure regarding risk factors presented in Part I, Item 1A, of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 and the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2025. Cybersecurity incidents impacting our IT systems and digital products could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and materially and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our IT and data security infrastructure, and our ability to expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. Also, the implementation of new systems, integration of existing systems and supporting our older systems all increase risks of security breaches. If we experience a problem with the functioning of an important IT system as a result of increased burdens placed on our IT infrastructure or a security breach of our IT systems, the resulting disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and financial results. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to IT systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats directed at the company and its products, customers and/or third-party service providers, including cloud providers. Moreover, AI and machine learning technologies continue to develop rapidly, and it is impossible to predict the future risks and market disruptions that may arise from such developments. Threat actors are already leveraging such technologies to develop new hacking tools and attack vectors, exploit vulnerabilities, obscure their activities, and increase the difficulty of threat attribution. For example, powerful new AI tools are finding previously undetected vulnerabilities in short time spans and creating exposures to zero-day attacks, all of which significantly diminish the window for us and our third-party service providers to detect, respond to and protect our IT and data security infrastructure. In addition, the vendors we use to support our business and operations have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, these types of threats and incidents, which add to the risks to our IT systems (including our cloud services providers’ systems), internal networks, our customers’ systems and the information stored and processed on such networks and systems. Despite our efforts to deploy countermeasures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate cybersecurity threats, we have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, cybersecurity incidents and attacks. Such incidents have remained, and could in the future remain, undetected for an extended period of time, and the losses arising from such incidents could exceed our available insurance coverage for such matters. Any future cybersecurity incidents or attacks, depending on their nature and scope, may result in the incurrence of significant costs, reputational damage, exposure to legal claims, enforcement actions, audits, investigations and fines levied by governmental organizations, misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties), the theft of intellectual property and the diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, and the disruption of business operations. 44 Our customers, including the U.S. government, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. Moreover, an increasing number of our products, services and technologies, including our OpenBlue software platform, are delivered with digital capabilities and accompanying interconnected device networks, which include sensors, data, building management systems and advanced computing and analytics capabilities. If we are unable to manage the lifecycle cybersecurity risk in development, deployment and operation of our digital platforms and services, they could become susceptible to cybersecurity incidents and lead to third-party claims that our product failures have caused damage to our customers. This risk is enhanced by the increasingly connected nature of our products and the role they play in managing building systems. Data privacy, identity protection and information security compliance may require significant resources and presents certain risks. We collect, store, have access to and otherwise process certain confidential or sensitive data, including proprietary business information, customer data, personal data or other information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and/or customer-imposed controls. Despite our efforts, our business, data and our products have been and will in the future be vulnerable to security incidents, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, or errors that could potentially lead to the compromise or further compromise of such data, improper use of our products, systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions. During September 2023, we experienced a cybersecurity event where certain data, primarily employee, job applicant and personal information and other related data, was impacted. The Company has taken appropriate actions to notify individuals and regulatory authorities. The actual or perceived risk of theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, employee or other data as a result of the foregoing or any other cybersecurity incident, as well as non-compliance with applicable industry standards or our contractual or other legal obligations or privacy and information security policies regarding such data, could result in litigation and/or regulatory activity and associated fines, damages, costs, awards, or settlements. Such an event could lead customers to select the products and services of our competitors, harm our reputation and credibility, cause unfavorable publicity or otherwise adversely affect certain existing and potential customers’ perception of the security and reliability of our services, all of which could result in lost sales. In addition, we have and may in the future be required to make certain third-party notifications to individuals and regulators. We operate in an environment in which there are different and potentially conflicting data privacy laws in effect in the various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and we must understand and comply with each law and standard in each of these jurisdictions while ensuring the data is secured. For example, proposed regulations restricting the use of biometric security technology could impact the products and solutions offered by our security business. Government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial results. Some of our contracts do not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. While we maintain general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions, such coverage might not be adequate or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to such claims. The successful assertion of one or m