=== CCI_2026-02-23.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this document, when evaluating your investment in our securities. Summary of Risk Factors The following summarizes our material risk factors, including risk factors relating to our Fiber Business. However, this summary is not intended to be a comprehensive and complete list of all risk factors identified by the Company. Refer to the following pages of this section for additional details regarding these summarized risk factors. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry: • Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services). • A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of tenants, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of such tenants may materially decrease revenues, reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and services and impact our dividend per share growth. • The expansion or development of our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings or other strategic opportunities, may cause disruptions in our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. • Our Fiber business model contains certain differences from our Towers business model, resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate our Fiber business model or identify or manage the related operational risks through the closing of the Strategic Fiber Transaction, such operations may produce results that are lower than anticipated. • Failure to timely, efficiently and safely execute on our construction projects could adversely affect our business. • New technologies may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. • If we fail to retain rights to our communications infrastructure, including the rights to land under our towers and the right-of-way and other agreements related to our small cells and fiber, our business may be adversely affected. • Our services business has historically experienced significant volatility in demand, which reduces the predictability of our results. • As a result of competition in our industry, we may find it more difficult to negotiate favorable rates on our new or renewing tenant contracts. • New wireless technologies may not deploy or be adopted by tenants as rapidly or in the manner projected. • If radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets or equipment on our communications infrastructure are demonstrated to cause negative health effects, potential future claims could adversely affect our operations, costs or revenues. • Cybersecurity breaches or other information technology disruptions could adversely affect our operations, business, and reputation. • If we do not continue to make appropriate investments in, and effectively implement and maintain, our information technology systems and digital capabilities, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. • Our business may be adversely impacted by climate-related events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events. • Failure to attract, recruit and retain qualified and experienced employees could adversely affect our business, operations and costs. • Changes to management, including turnover of our top executives, could have an adverse effect on our business. • Actions that we are taking, or have completed, to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. • Actions of activist stockholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. 12 Risks Relating to Our Pending Sale of the Fiber Business: • The pendency of the sale of our Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. • Completion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction is subject to the conditions contained in the Strategic Fiber Agreement, including regulatory approvals, which may not be received, and separation of the Fiber Business from our current operations, and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the transaction will not be completed. • The failure to complete the planned sale of the Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price. Risks Relating to Our Debt and Equity • Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and the terms of our debt instruments limit our ability to take a number of actions that our management might otherwise believe to be in our best interests. In addition, if we fail to comply with our covenants, our debt could be accelerated. • We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. In the event we do not repay or refinance such indebtedness, we could face substantial liquidity issues and might be required to issue equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, or sell some of our assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet our debt payment obligations. • Sales or issuances of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. • Certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation ("Charter") and second amended and restated by-laws, as amended ("By-laws") and operative agreements, and domestic and international competition laws may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or for us to acquire control of a third party, even if such a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Risks Relating to Corporate Compliance • If we fail to comply with laws or regulations which regulate our business and which may change at any time, we may be fined or even lose our right to conduct some of our business. Risks Relating to Our REIT Status • Future dividend payments to our stockholders will reduce the availability of our cash on hand available to fund future discretionary investments, and may result in a need to incur indebtedness or issue equity securities to fund growth opportunities. In such event, the then current economic, credit market or equity market conditions will impact the availability or cost of such financing, which may hinder our ability to grow our per share results of operations. • Remaining qualified to be taxed as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would result in our inability to deduct dividends to stockholders when computing our taxable income, thereby increasing our tax obligations and reducing our available cash. • Complying with REIT requirements, including the 90% distribution requirement, may limit our flexibility or cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities, including certain discretionary investments and potential financing alternatives. • REIT related ownership limitations and transfer restrictions may prevent or restrict certain transfers of our capital stock. 13 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services). Tenant demand for our communications infrastructure depends on consumers' and organizations' demand for data. Additionally, the willingness of our tenants to utilize our communications infrastructure, or renew or extend existing tenant contracts on our communications infrastructure, is affected by numerous factors, including: • availability or capacity of our communications infrastructure or associated land interests; • location of our communications infrastructure; • financial condition of our tenants, including their profitability and availability or cost of capital, including through government funding; • willingness of our tenants to maintain or increase their network investment or changes in their capital allocation strategy; • need for integrated networks and organizations; • availability and cost of spectrum for commercial use; • increased use of network sharing, roaming, joint development, or resale agreements by our tenants; • mergers or consolidations by and among our tenants; • changes in, or success of, our tenants' business models; • governmental regulations and initiatives, including local or state restrictions on the proliferation of communications infrastructure; • cost of constructing communications infrastructure; • our market competition, including tenants that may elect to self-perform; • technological changes, including those (1) affecting the number or type of communications infrastructure needed to provide data to a given geographic area or which may otherwise serve as a substitute or alternative to our communications infrastructure or (2) resulting in the obsolescence or decommissioning of certain existing wireless networks; and • our ability to efficiently satisfy our tenants' service requirements. A slowdown in demand for data or our communications infrastructure may negatively impact our growth or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. If our current or potential tenants are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans, as a result of disruptions in the financial and credit markets or otherwise, they may reduce their spending, which could adversely affect our anticipated growth or the demand for our communications infrastructure or services. The amount, timing, and mix of our tenants' network investment is variable and can be significantly impacted by the various matters described in these risk factors. Changes in tenant network investment typically impact the demand for our communications infrastructure. As a result, changes in tenant plans such as delays in the implementation of new systems, new and emerging technologies, or change in plans to expand coverage or capacity may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure. Furthermore, the industries in which our tenants operate (particularly those in the wireless industry) could experience a slowdown or slowing growth rates as a result of numerous factors, including a reduction in consumer demand for data or general economic conditions. There can be no assurances that weakness or uncertainty in the economic environment will not adversely impact our tenants or their industries, which may materially and adversely affect our business, including by reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services. In addition, a slowdown may increase competition for site rental tenants or services. Such an industry slowdown or a reduction in tenant network investment may materially and adversely affect our business. 14 A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of tenants, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of such tenants may materially decrease revenues, reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and services and impact our dividend per share growth. Our three largest tenants are T-Mobile, AT&T and Verizon Wireless. In addition to our three largest tenants, we also derived a meaningful portion of our revenues and previously anticipated future growth from DISH. The loss of any one of our three largest tenants as a result of consolidation, merger, bankruptcy, insolvency, network sharing, roaming, joint development, resale agreements by our tenants or otherwise may result in (1) a material decrease in our revenues, (2) uncollectible account receivables, (3) an impairment of our deferred site rental receivables, communications infrastructure assets, or intangible assets (including goodwill), or (4) other adverse effects to our business. We cannot guarantee that tenant contracts with our largest tenants will not be terminated or that these tenants will renew their tenant contracts with us. Consolidation among our largest tenants will likely result in duplicate or overlapping parts of networks, for example, where they are co-residents on a tower or small cell network, which may result in the termination, non-renewal or re-negotiation of tenant contracts and negatively impact revenues from our communications infrastructure. Due to the long-term nature of our tenant contracts, we generally expect that the impact to our site rental revenues from any termination of our tenant contracts as a result of such potential consolidation would be spread out over multiple years. Such consolidation (or potential consolidation) may result in a reduction or slowdown in such tenants' network investment in the aggregate because their expansion plans may be similar. Tenant consolidation could decrease the demand for our communications infrastructure and services, which in turn may result in a reduction in our revenues or cash flows and may trigger a review for impairment of certain long-lived assets. On January 6, 2022, we entered into an agreement with T-Mobile that addressed the T-Mobile and Sprint network consolidation. This consolidation resulted in approximately $200 million in Towers non-renewals in 2025, and we anticipate additional non-renewals from this agreement, which we expect to fall within our historical non-renewal range of 1% to 2% of Towers annual site rental revenues, to occur each year through 2034. We expect an additional impact of approximately $40 million in aggregate Fiber non-renewals to occur in 2026 and in subsequent years, until the closing of the Strategic Fiber Transaction. On January 12, 2026, we delivered a notice of default and termination to DISH relating to our Master Lease Agreement and underlying agreements with DISH as a result of DISH failing to make required payments and defaulting on its obligations under the agreements. As a result of the termination, we assert in the notice that DISH owes us all remaining payments under these agreements, which total in excess of $3.5 billion. As of December 31, 2025, associated with our agreements with DISH, we had recorded on our consolidated balance sheet approximately $50 million within "Receivables, net" and approximately $150 million within "Deferred site rental receivables," partially offset by approximately $34 million recorded within "Deferred revenues" and "Other long-term liabilities." We expect the total net balance sheet impact of approximately $165 million will ultimately be recoverable, and accordingly no adjustments have been made to reserve such net amount as of December 31, 2025. We do not intend to recognize additional revenue under these agreements pending further developments with respect to this matter. See "Item 1. Business—The Company" and note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our largest tenants. The expansion or development of our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings or other strategic opportunities, may cause disruptions in our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. We seek to expand and develop our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings, or other strategic opportunities. In the ordinary course of our business, we review, analyze and evaluate various potential transactions or other activities in which we may engage. Such transactions or activities could be complex, costly and time-consuming, or cause disruptions in, increase risk to or otherwise negatively impact our business. Among other things, such transactions and activities may: • disrupt our business relationships with our tenants and landlords, depending on the nature of or counterparty to such transactions and activities; • divert capital and the time or attention of management away from other business operations, including as a result of post-transaction integration activities; • fail to achieve revenue or margin targets, operational synergies or other benefits contemplated; • increase operational risk or volatility in our business; • temporarily decrease the volume of our business; • not result in the benefits management had expected to realize from such expansion and development activities, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected; 15 • impact our cost structure and result in the need to hire additional employees; • increase demands on current employees or result in current or prospective employees experiencing uncertainty about their future roles with us, which might adversely affect our ability to retain or attract key employees; or • result in the need for additional TRSs or contributions of certain assets to TRSs, which are subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. Our Fiber business model contains certain differences from our Towers business model, resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate our Fiber business model or identify or manage the related operational risks through the closing of the Strategic Fiber Transaction, such operations may produce results that are lower than anticipated. The business model for our Fiber operations contains certain differences from our business model for our Towers operations, including those relating to tenant base, competition, contract terms (including requirements for service level agreements regarding network performance and maintenance), upfront capital requirements, labor costs, landlord demographics, deployment and ownership of certain network assets, operational oversight requirements, government regulations, growth rates and applicable laws. While our Fiber operations have certain risks that are similar to our Towers operations, they also have certain operational risks (including the scalability of processes) that are different from our Towers business, including: • the use of public rights-of-way and franchise agreements; • the use of poles and conduits owned solely by, or jointly with, third parties; • risks relating to overbuilding competitive fiber assets; • risks relating to the specific markets in which we choose or plan to operate; • risks relating to construction hazards, including boring, trenching, utility and maintenance of traffic hazards; • construction management and construction-related billings to tenants; • risks relating to efficiently and rapidly adjusting the size of the personnel needed to operate our Fiber business; • risks relating to wireless carriers building their own small cell networks, or tenants utilizing their own or alternative fiber assets; • the risk of failing to optimize the use of our finite supply of fiber strands; • damage to our assets and the need to maintain, repair, upgrade and periodically replace our assets; • the risk of failing to properly maintain or operate highly specialized hardware and software; • network data security risks; • the risk of new technologies that could enable tenants to realize the same benefits with less utilization of our fiber; • potential damage to our overall reputation as a communications infrastructure provider; and • the use of competitive local exchange carrier ("CLEC") status. In addition, the rate at which tenants adopt or prioritize small cells and fiber solutions has been lower or slower than we anticipated, and may continue to be lower or slower, or may cease to exist altogether. For example, our tenants have initially focused on utilizing towers in the first phase of deploying their 5G networks, which has led to delays in some of our small cell deployments. We anticipate that these delays will be temporary, as our tenants plan for the next phase of their 5G network deployment which we believe will require small cells at scale. Our Fiber operations also expose us to different safety or liability risks or hazards than our Towers business as a result of numerous factors, including those stemming from the deployment, location or nature of the assets involved. There may be risks and challenges associated with small cells and fiber solutions being comparatively new and emerging technologies that are continuing to evolve, and there may be other risks related to small cells and fiber solutions of which we are not yet aware. See " —The pendency of the sale of our Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. ", " —Completion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction is subject to the conditions contained in the Strategic Fiber Agreement, including regulatory approvals, which may not be received, and separation of the Fiber Business from our current operations, and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the transaction will not be completed. ", " —The failure to complete the planned sale of the Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price. " and "—Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services.) ", and note 3 to our consolidated financial statements, for discussions of the Strategic Fiber Transaction. Failure to timely, efficiently and safely execute on our construction projects could adversely affect our business. Our construction projects and related contracts can be long-term, complex in nature, dangerous, costly and challenging to execute. The quality of our performance on such construction projects depends in large part upon our ability to manage (1) the 16 associated tenant relationship and (2) the project itself by timely deploying and properly managing appropriate internal and external project resources. In connection with our construction projects, we generally bear the risk of cost over-runs, labor availability and productivity, and contractor pricing and performance. In addition, the construction projects (including modifications of existing communications infrastructure) can pose certain safety risks, including: • risks resulting from elevated work, including falling hazards; • risks of third-party non-compliance with safety regulations, industry best practices or other applicable standards; • risks associated with utility hazards, including gas line, electrical or sewage strikes, which may result in explosions, electrocution and other potentially catastrophic events; and • risk of potential wildfires, including due to welding, grinding, cutting, or other construction activity. Such safety risks may cause personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, suspension of operations or services, or significant damage to the environment, creating financial, regulatory or reputational damage that could adversely affect our business. See "—Our business may be adversely impacted by climate-related events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events" below for additional information regarding potential adverse impacts to our business which may result from wildfires and other climate-related events. Further, investments in newly constructed communications infrastructure may result in lower initial returns compared to returns on our existing communications infrastructure or us not being able to realize future tenant additions at anticipated levels. Additionally, contracts with our tenants for these projects typically specify delivery dates, performance criteria and penalties for our failure to perform. Our failure to perform timely and in accordance with the performance criteria exposes us to penalties specified in the contract or possible litigation. We often experience unforeseen delays, primarily in our Fiber business, from municipalities and utility companies that result in longer construction timelines than expected, which impact our ability to timely deliver on our projects. We may also experience unforeseen delays and increased project costs as a result of labor shortages, which may impact the availability of contractors to work on our construction projects. Our failure to manage such tenant relationships, project resources, and project milestones in a timely and efficient manner and appropriately manage safety risks could have a material adverse effect on our business. New technologies may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. Improvements in the efficiency, architecture, and design of communication networks may reduce the demand for our communications infrastructure. For example, new technologies and spectrum that may promote network sharing, joint development, backhaul and fronthaul efficiency or resale agreements by our tenants, such as signal combining technologies or network virtualization, may reduce the need for our communications infrastructure. In addition, other technologies, such as WiFi, satellite (such as low earth orbiting) and mesh transmission systems may serve as substitutes for, or alternatives to, leasing on communications infrastructure that might otherwise be anticipated or expected had such technologies not existed. In addition, new technologies that enhance the range, efficiency and capacity of communication equipment could reduce demand for our communications infrastructure. Any significant reduction in demand for our communications infrastructure resulting from the new technologies may negatively impact our revenues or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. If we fail to retain rights to our communications infrastructure, including the rights to land under our towers and the right-of-way and other agreements related to our small cells and fiber, our business may be adversely affected. The property interests and other rights to our communications infrastructure, including the land under our towers, are derived from leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses, rights-of-way, and franchise and other agreements. A loss of these interests and other rights may interfere with our ability to conduct our business or generate revenues. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access, analyze, or verify all information regarding titles or other issues prior to acquiring communications infrastructure. Further, we may not be able to renew ground leases or other agreements on commercially viable terms. Our ability to retain rights to the land on which our towers are located depends on our ability to purchase such land, by acquiring fee interests and perpetual easements, or renegotiate or extend the terms of the agreements relating to such land. Approximately 10% of our towers Adjusted Site Rental Gross Margin for the year ended December 31, 2025 was derived from towers where the leases for the land under such towers had final expiration dates of less than 10 years. If we are unable to retain rights to the property on which our communications infrastructure is located, our business may be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 55% of our towers were leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases, or other agreements with AT&T and T-Mobile (including those which T-Mobile assumed in its merger 17 with Sprint). We have the option to purchase these towers at the end of their respective lease terms. We have no obligation to exercise such purchase options. We may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase some or all of these towers at the time these options are exercisable. Even if we do have available capital, we may choose not to exercise our right to purchase these towers or some or all of the T-Mobile or AT&T towers for business or other reasons. In the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights, or are otherwise unable to acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event that we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisition of these towers may not exceed the costs, which could adversely affect our business. Additional information concerning these towers and the applicable purchase options as of December 31, 2025 is as follows: • 22% of our towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under a master lease or other related agreements with AT&T. We have the option to purchase the leased and subleased towers from AT&T at the end of the respective lease or sublease terms for aggregate option payments of approximately $4.2 billion, which payments, if such option is exercised, would be due between 2032 and 2048. • 32% of our towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases or o

=== CCI_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors" in the 2025 Form 10-K. On May 1, 2026, we completed the previously announced sale of our Fiber Business. As a result of the completion of this transaction, the risks described under "Risks Relating to Our Pending Sale of the Fiber Business" in our 2025 Form 10-K are no longer applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company's securities intended to satisfy the conditions of the affirmative defense provided by Rule 10b5-1(c) or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K . ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 37 Exhibit Index Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File Number Date of Filing Exhibit Number 2.1** Stock Purchase Agreement, dated March 13, 2025, by and among Crown Castle Operating Company, CCS&E LLC, Crown Castle Investment II Corp., Fiber Finco, LLC, Small Cells Holdco Inc. and, solely for the purposes of certain sections thereof, Crown Castle Inc. and Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. 8-K 001-16441 March 17, 2025 2.1 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Crown Castle Inc., dated May 21, 2025 8-K 001-16441 May 21, 2025 3.1 3.2 Second Amended and Restated By-laws of Crown Castle Inc., dated November 6, 2024 8-K 001-16441 November 12, 2024 3.1 3.3 Amendment to Second Amended and Restated By-laws of Crown Castle Inc., dated February 26, 2025 8-K 001-16441 February 26, 2025 3.1 10.1 Crown Castle In c. 2026 EMT Annual Incentive Plan 8-K 001-16441 February 25, 2026 10.1 10.2* Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (effective February 25, 2026 ) — — — — 10.3 Credit Agreement dated as of May 1, 2026, among Crown Castle Inc., the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 8-K 001-16441 May 1, 2026 10.1 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — — — — 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — — — — 32.1† Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — — — — 101* The following financial statements from Crown Castle Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags — — — — 104* The cover page from Crown Castle Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL — — — — * Filed herewith. ** Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) and Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, as applicable. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally the omitted portions of this exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. † Furnished herewith. 38 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CROWN CASTLE INC. Date: May 7, 2026 By: /s/ S UNIT S . P ATEL Sunit S. Patel Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: May 7, 2026 By: /s/ R OBERT S. C OLLINS Robert S. Collins Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 39 