=== CCI_2026-02-23.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors" herein and other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. Our filings with the SEC are available through the SEC website at www.sec.gov or through our investor relations website at investor.crowncastle.com. We use our investor relations website to disclose information about us that may be deemed to be material. We encourage investors, the media and others interested in us to visit our investor relations website from time to time to review up-to-date information or to sign up for e-mail alerts to be notified when new or updated information is posted on the site. Interpretation As used herein, the term "including," and any variation thereof, means "including without limitation." The use of the word "or" herein is not exclusive. Unless this 2025 Form 10-K indicates otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms, "we," "our," "our company," "the company" or "us" as used in this 2025 Form 10-K refer to Crown Castle Inc. and its predecessor (organized in 1995), as applicable, each a Delaware corporation (together, "CCI"), and their subsidiaries. Additionally, unless the context suggests otherwise, references to "U.S." are to the United States of America and Puerto Rico, collectively. 3 PART I Item 1. Business Overview We own, operate and lease shared communications infrastructure that is geographically dispersed throughout the U.S., including (1) more than 40,000 towers and other structures, such as rooftops (collectively, "towers"), (2) approximately 105,000 small cell nodes either currently generating revenue or under contract and (3) approximately 90,000 route miles of fiber primarily supporting small cells and fiber solutions. We refer to our towers, small cells and fiber assets collectively as "communications infrastructure," and, at times, to our customers on our communications infrastructure as "tenants." Our operating segments historically consisted of (1) Towers and (2) Fiber, which includes both small cells and fiber solutions. On March 13, 2025, management signed a definitive agreement ("Strategic Fiber Agreement") to sell our Fiber segment, together with certain supporting assets and personnel ("Fiber Business"), with Zayo Group Holdings Inc. ("Zayo") acquiring the fiber solutions business and EQT Active Core Infrastructure fund ("EQT") acquiring the small cell business ("Strategic Fiber Transaction"). Under the agreement, we will receive $8.5 billion in aggregate, subject to certain closing adjustments. The Strategic Fiber Transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2026, subject to certain closing conditions and regulatory approvals. As the aforementioned sale represents a material strategic shift for the Company, the Fiber Business' results and net assets are presented herein as discontinued operations and comparable prior periods have been recast to reflect this change. Pending the closing of the Strategic Fiber Transaction, we will continue to operate the Fiber Business in accordance with the Strategic Fiber Agreement. Following the classification of the Fiber Business as discontinued operations, the Company has one reportable segment, which is also its operating segment, that constitutes consolidated results consisting of its towers operations. Unless otherwise noted, all activities and amounts reported in this document relate to the continuing operations of the Company and exclude activities and amounts related to the Fiber Business. Our core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to our towers via long-term contracts in various forms, including lease, license, sublease and service agreements (collectively, "tenant contracts"). We seek to increase our site rental revenues by adding more tenants on our towers, which we expect to result in significant incremental cash flows due to our low incremental operating costs. We operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See "Item 1. Business REIT Status" and notes 2 and 10 to our consolidated financial statements. Approximately 56% and 71% of our towers are located in the 50 and 100 largest U.S. basic trading areas ("BTAs"), respectively. Our towers have a significant presence in each of the top 100 BTAs. We derive approximately 40% of our towers Adjusted Site Rental Gross Margin from towers located on land that we own, including through fee interests and perpetual easements, and we derive approximately 60% of our towers Adjusted Site Rental Gross Margin from towers located on land that we lease, sublease, manage or license. The contracts for the land under our towers have an average total remaining life of approximately 35 years (including all renewal terms exercisable at our option), weighted based on towers Adjusted Site Rental Gross Margin. Our largest tenants are T-Mobile, AT T and Verizon Wireless, which collectively accounted for approximately 90% of our 2025 site rental revenues. See note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our largest tenants. Site rental revenues represented 95% of our 2025 net revenues. The vast majority of our site rental revenues are of a recurring nature and are derived from long-term tenant contracts. See " Item 1. Business The Company " for further information. As of December 31, 2025, exclusive of renewals exercisable at the tenants' option, our tenant contracts had a weighted-average remaining life of approximately six years and represented $23.7 billion of expected future cash inflows, exclusive of amounts owed from DISH Wireless L.L.C. ("DISH"). See note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the notice of default and termination delivered to DISH. As part of our effort to provide comprehensive tower solutions, as an ancillary business, we also offer certain services relating to our towers predominately consisting of pre-construction site development services relating to existing or new tenant equipment installations, including: site acquisition, architectural and engineering, or zoning and permitting (collectively, "site development services"). 4 See note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the July 2023 restructuring ("2023 Restructuring Plan"), which included discontinuing tenant equipment installations and subsequent augmentations (collectively, "installation services") as a towers product offering and (2) the June 2024 restructuring plan ("2024 Restructuring Plan," and together with the 2023 Restructuring Plan, "2023 and 2024 Restructuring Plans"). In February 2026, we initiated a restructuring plan ("2026 Restructuring Plan") as part of our efforts to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of our tower business. See note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the 2026 Restructuring Plan. Strategy As a leading provider of towers in the U.S., our strategy is to create long-term stockholder value via a combination of (1) growing cash flows generated from our existing portfolio of towers, (2) returning a meaningful portion of our cash generated by operating activities to our common stockholders in the form of dividends and (3) investing capital efficiently to grow cash flows and long-term dividends per share. Our strategy is based, in part, on our belief that the U.S. is the most attractive market for tower investment with the greatest long-term growth potential. We measure our efforts to create "long-term stockholder value" by the combined payment of dividends to stockholders and growth in our per-share results. The key elements of our strategy are to: Grow cash flows from our existing towers. We are focused on maximizing the recurring site rental cash flows generated from providing our tenants with long-term access to our towers, which we believe is the core driver of value for our stockholders. Tenant additions or modifications of existing tenant equipment (collectively, "tenant additions") enable our tenants to expand coverage and capacity in order to meet increasing demand for data while generating high incremental returns for our business. We believe our towers provide an efficient and cost-effective solution for our wireless tenants' growing networks that provides an opportunity to generate cash flows and increase stockholder return. Return cash generated by operating activities to stockholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases . We believe that distributing a meaningful portion of our cash generated by operating activities appropriately provides stockholders with increased certainty for a portion of expected long-term stockholder value while still allowing us to retain sufficient flexibility to invest in our business and deliver growth. We believe this decision reflects the translation of the high-quality, long-term contractual cash flows of our business into stable capital returns to stockholders. Invest capital efficiently to grow cash flows and long-term dividends per share. In addition to adding tenants to existing towers, we seek to invest our available capital, including the net cash generated by our operating activities and external financing sources, in a manner that will increase long-term stockholder value on a risk-adjusted basis. These investments include constructing and acquiring new towers that we expect will generate future cash flow growth and attractive long-term returns by adding tenants to those assets over time. Our historical investments have included the following (in no particular order): acquisitions of land interests (which primarily relate to land assets under towers); construction of towers; acquisitions of towers; improvements and structural enhancements to our existing towers; purchases of shares of our common stock from time to time; and purchases, repayments or redemptions of our debt. Our strategy to create long-term stockholder value is based on our belief that there will be considerable future demand for our towers based on the location of our assets and the rapid and continuing growth in the demand for data. We believe that such demand for our towers will continue, will result in growth of our cash flows due to tenant additions on our existing towers, and will create other growth opportunities for us, such as demand for newly constructed or acquired towers, as described above. Further, we seek to augment the long-term value creation associated with growing our recurring site rental cash flows by offering certain ancillary site development services. 5 REIT Status We operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, we are generally entitled to a deduction for dividends that we pay and, therefore, are not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our net taxable income that is currently distributed to our stockholders. We may be subject to certain federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income or assets, including (1) taxes on any undistributed income, (2) taxes related to our taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs"), (3) franchise taxes, (4) property taxes and (5) transfer taxes. In addition, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code"), to maintain qualification for taxation as a REIT. Qualified REIT dividends (within the meaning of Section 199A(e)(3) of the Code) constitute a part of a non-corporate taxpayer's "qualified business income amount" and thus our non-corporate U.S. stockholders may be eligible to take a qualified business income deduction in an amount equal to 20% of such dividends received from us. This deduction was made permanent with Public Law 119-21, commonly referred to as the "One Big Beautiful Bill Act", being signed into law in the U.S. on July 4, 2025. The vast majority of our assets and revenues are in the REIT. See notes 2 and 10 to our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, we have included in TRSs certain other assets and operations. Those TRS assets and operations will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income taxes or to foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located. Our foreign assets and operations (primarily our tower operations in Puerto Rico) most likely will be subject to foreign income taxes in the jurisdictions in which such assets and operations are located, regardless of whether or not they are included in a TRS. To remain qualified and be taxed as a REIT, we are generally required to annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, after the utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards "NOLs" (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain). See notes 2 and 10 to our consolidated financial statements. Our quarterly common stock dividend will delay the utilization of our NOLs and may cause certain of the NOLs to expire without utilization. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for risks associated with our REIT status. Industry Overview Consumer demand for data continues to grow due to increases in data consumption and increased penetration of bandwidth-intensive devices. This increase in data consumption is driven by factors such as growth in (1) mobile entertainment (such as mobile video, mobile applications and social networking), (2) mobile internet usage (supporting web browsing and trends in telehealth, remote working, online learning and other remote communications), (3) machine-to-machine applications or the "Internet of Things" (such as connected cars and wearables), and (4) the adoption of other bandwidth-intensive applications (such as cloud services, artificial intelligence and video communications). As a result, consumer wireless devices are trending toward bandwidth-intensive devices, including smartphones, laptops, tablets and other emerging and embedded devices, and U.S. wireless carriers are among the first carriers in the world to offer commercial 5th Generation ("5G") mobile cellular communications services to further support such growth. We expect the following factors to contribute to potential demand for our towers: consumers' growing wireless data consumption leading major wireless carriers to upgrade and enhance their networks through the efficient use of towers, including in connection with 5G deployments, in an effort to improve network quality and capacity and customer retention or satisfaction; prior and future potential spectrum auctioned, licensed or made available by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") enabling additional wireless carrier network development; next-generation technologies and new uses for wireless communications may potentially result in new entrants or increased demand in the wireless industry, which may include companies involved in the continued evolution and deployment of the Internet of Things; the continued adoption of bandwidth-intensive applications, including artificial intelligence; and increased government initiatives to expand broadband infrastructure to support connectivity throughout the U.S. The Company Virtually all of our towers operations are located in the U.S. Following the classification of the Fiber Business as discontinued operations, the Company has one reportable segment, which is also its single operating segment, that constitutes consolidated results consisting of its towers operations. For more information, see "Item 7. MD A Results of Operations" and note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. Our core business is providing access, including space or capacity, to our towers via long-term tenant contracts in the U.S. We believe our towers are integral to our tenants' networks and organizations. See "Item 1. Business Strategy." 6 We believe towers are the most efficient and cost-effective solution for providing coverage and capacity for wireless carrier network deployments. We acquired ownership interests or exclusive rights to the majority of our towers directly or indirectly from the largest U.S. wireless carriers (or their predecessors) through transactions consummated since 1999, including towers from (1) AT T in 2013, (2) T-Mobile in 2012, (3) companies now part of T-Mobile in 2007, (4) companies now part of Verizon Wireless in 1999 and 2000 and (5) companies now part of AT T in 1999 and 2000. We generally receive monthly rental payments and, in some cases, upfront payments, from our tenants pursuant to long-term tenant contracts with (1) initial contract terms generally between five to 15 years, (2) multiple renewal periods of generally five years each, exercisable at the option of the tenant, (3) limited termination rights for our tenants and (4) contractual escalations of the rental price. We strive to negotiate with our existing tenant base for longer contractual terms, which often contain fixed escalation rates. Our tenant contracts, while amended and re-negotiated over time, have historically led to a long-term relationship with tenants on our towers, resulting in a retention rate generally between 98% and 99% each year. In general, each renewable tenant contract automatically renews at the end of its term unless (1) the tenant provides prior notice of its intent not to renew or (2) the contract is amended or re-negotiated. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for additional information regarding higher non-renewals (which we define as the reduction in site rental revenues as a result of tenant churn, terminations and, in limited circumstances, reductions of existing lease rates) incurred as a result of the T-Mobile and Sprint network consolidation as well as in relation to the notice of default and termination delivered to DISH. See notes 4 and 18 to our consolidated financial statements for a tabular presentation of the minimum rental payments due to us by tenants pursuant to tenant contracts without consideration of tenant renewal options as of December 31, 2025 and discussion of the DISH default and termination, respectively. The average monthly rental payment from a new tenant added to towers can vary based on (1) aggregate tenant volume, (2) the location of the tower, or (3) the amount of tower and ground space leased to a tenant, which can be influenced by the quantity, size, and weight of the tenant's antenna installation or related equipment. When possible, we seek to receive rental payment increases in connection with tenant contract amendments, pursuant to which our tenants add antennas or other equipment to our towers or ground space on which they already have equipment pursuant to preexisting tenant contracts. Our tenant contracts and pricing are not influenced by whether or not we perform the site development services. As of December 31, 2025, the average number of tenants (calculated as a unique license together with any related amendments thereto) per tower was approximately 2.4. Additional Site Rental Information. We have existing master agreements with our largest tenants, including T-Mobile, AT T and Verizon Wireless. Such agreements provide certain terms (including economic terms) that govern underlying contracts (entered into during the term of the master agreements) regarding the right to use our towers by such tenants. Approximately 75% of our site rental costs of operations, exclusive of depreciation, amortization, and accretion, which is shown separately, consists of ground lease expenses, and the remainder includes employee compensation or related benefit costs, property taxes, repairs and maintenance, and utilities. Assuming current leasing activity levels, our operating expenses generally tend to escalate at approximately the rate of inflation. We seek to add tenants to our existing towers at low incremental operating cost, delivering high incremental returns to our business. Once constructed, our towers require minimal sustaining capital expenditures, including maintenance or other non-discretionary capital expenditures, which are typically approximately 1% of net revenues. See note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for a tabular presentation of the rental payments we owe to landlords pursuant to our operating lease agreements. Services. As part of our effort to provide comprehensive tower solutions, as an ancillary business, we also offer certain services primarily relating to pre-construction site development services. See note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the July 2023 restructuring plan, which included discontinuing installation services as a towers product offering. In 2025, our services and other revenues primarily related to site development services. We seek to grow our services revenues through capitalizing on (1) increased leasing volumes that may result from carrier network upgrades, (2) promoting site development services, (3) expanding the scope of our services, and (4) focusing on tenant service and deployment speed. We do not always provide the site development services for our tenants on our towers as other service providers also provide these services (see also " Competition" below). Typically, our site development services are non-recurring and are billed on a fixed fee basis, and the terms and pricing of site development services are negotiated separately from our tenant contracts. Customers. Our largest customers are primarily comprised of wireless carriers that operate national networks. 7 Our three largest tenants are T-Mobile, AT T and Verizon Wireless. Collectively, these three tenants accounted for approximately 90% of our 2025 site rental revenues. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for risks associated with our dependence on a small number of customers and note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. For 2025, our site rental revenues by tenant were as follows: Sales and Marketing. Our sales organization markets our towers with the objective of contracting access with tenants to existing towers. We seek to become the critical partner and preferred independent tower provider for our tenants and increase tenant satisfaction relative to our peers by leveraging our (1) existing unique tower footprint, (2) tenant relationships, (3) process-centric approach, and (4) technological tools. Our sales team is organized based on a variety of factors, including tenant type (such as large wireless carriers, vertical customers and organizations) and geography. A team of national account directors maintains our relationships with our largest tenants. These directors work to develop new business opportunities, as well as to ensure that tenants' needs are efficiently translated into new contracts for our towers. Sales personnel develop and maintain relationships with our tenants that are expanding their networks, entering new markets, seeking new or additional tower offerings, bringing new technologies to market or requiring maintenance or add-on business. In addition to our full-time sales or marketing staff, a number of senior-level employees spend a significant portion of their time on sales and marketing activities and call on existing or prospective tenants. Competition. We face competition for site rental tenants from various sources, including (1) other independent tower owners or operators, including competitors that own, operate, or manage towers, rooftops, broadcast or transmission towers, (2) owners or operators of small cells, including the operators of our small cell assets following the closure of our Strategic Fiber Transaction, (3) tenants who own or operate their own towers or (4) new alternative deployment methods for towers. Some of our largest competitors are American Tower Corporation and SBA Communications Corporation. We believe that location, existing tower footprint, deployment speed, quality of service, expertise, reputation, capacity and price have been and will continue to be the most significant competitive factors affecting our businesses. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of competition in our industry. Competitors to our services offering can include site acquisition consultants, zoning consultants, real estate firms, right-of-way consulting firms, construction companies, tower owners or managers, radio frequency engineering consultants, our tenants' internal staff or contractors, or telecommunications equipment vendors who can provide turnkey site development services through multiple subcontractors. We believe that our tenants base their decisions on the outsourcing of services on criteria such as a company's experience, record of accomplishment, reputation, price and time for completion of a project. Sustainability Our multi-tenant towers model results in the use of fewer resources, including water, energy, metals and other materials, than would otherwise be needed to construct and maintain towers under a single-tenant infrastructure model. We are committed to operating responsibly and ethically and considering social and environmental impacts as we make business decisions. We currently maintain annual sustainability targets in our senior unsecured credit facility. 8 The Nominating and Governance Committee assists the board of directors with sustainability oversight. Our executive management team and senior management keep our board of directors apprised of our sustainability priorities, goals and initiatives. Additional information regarding our sustainability initiatives and progress is also available through the Investors section of our website at https://investor.crowncastle.com. The information on our website, including our sustainability reports, is not, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated by reference into this 2025 Form 10-K or any other filings with the SEC unless expressly noted in any such other filings. Human Capital The people who work for Crown Castle are essential to our ability to execute on our strategy. As of January 31, 2026, we employed approximately 4,000 people, including approximately 2,500 people recorded in our discontinued operations. All of our employees are based in the U.S. See note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the 2026 Restructuring Plan, which will reduce our employee headcount. From time to time, we also add contingent workers to support our business. We believe attracting, developing and retaining talented employees is paramount to serving our customers and our communities and creating value for our stockholders. We also periodically conduct company-wide employee surveys to help us understand how our employees feel about working at our company and track the results to inform our human capital strategies. We focus on building and retaining a strong and innovative workforce with a variety of backgrounds, experiences and points of view. The well-being of our employees is a crucial element of our safety culture, employee engagement and productivity. We offer a comprehensive total rewards package which includes market-based pay, performance-based annual incentive awards, healthcare and retirement benefits, mental health benefits, parental and family leave, holiday and paid time off and tuition assistance. We further invest in our employees' professional growth and development by providing resources and opportunities to hone their skills and expand their subject-matter expertise, which empowers them to advance their careers and enables our business to prosper. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements and have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our 2023 and 2024 Restructuring Plans, which resulted in a reduction of total employee headcount in prior years. Regulatory and Environmental Matters We are required to comply with a variety of federal, state and local regulations and laws in the U.S., including FCC and Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") regulations and those discussed under " Environmental" below. To date, we have not incurred any material fines or penalties or experienced any material adverse effects to our business as a result of any domestic or international regulations, including any environmental regulations. The summary below is based on regulations currently in effect, and such regulations are subject to review or modification by the applicable governmental authority from time to time. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be fined or lose our rights to conduct some of our business. Federal Regulations. Both the FCC and the FAA regulate towers used for wireless communications, radio, or television broadcasting. Such regulations control the siting, construction, modification, lighting, and marking of towers and may, depending on the characteristics of particular towers, require the registration of tower facilities with the FCC and the issuance of determinations confirming no hazard to air traffic. Wireless communications devices operating on towers are separately regulated and independently licensed based upon the particular frequency used. In addition, the FCC and the FAA have developed standards to consider proposals for new or modified tower or antenna structures based upon the height or location, including proximity to airports. Proposals to construct or to modify existing tower or antenna structures above certain heights are reviewed by the FAA to ensure the structure will not present a hazard to aviation, which determination may be conditioned upon compliance with lighting or marking requirements. The FCC requires its licensees to operate communications devices only on towers that comply with FAA rules and are registered with the FCC, if required by its regulations. Where tower lighting is required by FAA regulation, tower owners bear the responsibility of notifying the FAA of any tower lighting outage and ensuring the timely restoration of such outages. State and Local Regulations. The U.S. Telecommunications Act of 1996 amended the Communications Act of 1934 to preserve state and local zoning authorities' jurisdiction over the siting of communications towers. The law, however, limits state and local zoning authority by prohibiting actions by such authorities that discriminate between different service providers of wireless communications or prohibit altogether (actually or effectively) the provision of wireless communications. Additionally, 9 the law prohibits state and local restrictions based on the environmental effects of radio frequency emissions to the extent the facilities comply with FCC regulations. Local regulations include city and other local ordinances (including subdivision and zoning ordinances), approvals for construction, modification and removal of towers, and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers. These regulations vary greatly, but typically require us to obtain prior approval from local officials. Local zoning authorities may render decisions that prevent the construction or modification of towers, or place conditions on such construction or modifications that are responsive to community residents' concerns regarding the height, visibility, or other characteristics of such infrastructure. Over the last several years, the FCC has adopted regulations and 32 states have passed legislation intended to expedite and streamline the deployment of wireless networks, including establishing presumptively reasonable timeframes for reviews by local and state governments. Notwithstanding such developments, decisions of local regulatory authorities and utilities in certain jurisdictions may continue to adversely affect deployment timing and cost. Certain of our subsidiaries hold state authorizations to provide intrastate telecommunication services in addition to FCC authorization to provide domestic interstate telecommunication services. State authorizations often allow us to deploy such infrastructure in locations where zoning restrictions might otherwise delay, restrict, or prevent building or expanding traditional wireless tower and rooftop sites. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for additional information regarding rights to our infrastructure. Environmental. We are required to comply with a variety of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations protecting environmental quality, including air and water quality, and wildlife. To date, we have not incurred any material fines or penalties or experienced any material adverse effects to our business as a result of any domestic or international environmental regulations or matters. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for additional information regarding compliance with laws and regulations. The construction of new towers or, in some cases, their modification in the U.S. may be subject to environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, as amended ("NEPA"), which requires federal agencies to evaluate the environmental impact of major federal actions. NEPA regulations require applicants to investigate the potential environmental impact of the proposed tower construction. If the FCC determines that the proposed tower construction or modification presents a significant environmental impact, the FCC is required to prepare an environmental impact statement, which is subject to public comment. Such determination could significantly delay the FCC's approval of the construction or modification. Our operations are also subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission, or remediation of, or exposure to, hazardous or non-hazardous substances, materials, or wastes. As an owner, lessee, or operator of real property, we are subject to certain environmental laws that impose strict, joint-and-several liability for the cleanup of on-site or off-site contamination relating to existing or historical operations; or we could also be subject to personal injury or property damage claims relating to such contamination. In general, our tenant contracts prohibit our tenants from using or storing any hazardous substances on our tower sites in violation of applicable environmental laws and require our tenants to provide notice of certain environmental conditions caused by them. We are subject to Occupational Safety and Health Administration and similar guidelines regarding employee protection from radio frequency exposure. In recent years, the scientific community has extensively studied low-level radio frequency emissions to determine whether they have any connection to certain negative health effects, such as cancer. We have compliance programs and monitoring projects designed to promote compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the costs of compliance with existing or future environmental laws will not have a material adverse effect on us. Available Information We maintain a website at www.crowncastle.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K (and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act")), proxy statements and other information about us are made available, free of charge, through the Investors section of our website at https://investor.crowncastle.com and at the SEC's website at http://sec.gov as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Proper Business Practices and Ethics Policy, Financial Code of Ethics, Conflicts of Interest and Disclosure Policy, and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee are available through the Investors section of our website at https://investor.crowncastle.com, and such information is also available in print to any stockholder who requests it. We intend to post 10 to our website any amendments to or waivers from each of the Business Practices and Ethics Policy and Financial Code of Ethics applicable to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller that are required to be disclosed. 11 Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this document, when evaluating your investment in our securities. Summary of Risk Factors The following summarizes our material risk factors, including risk factors relating to our Fiber Business. However, this summary is not intended to be a comprehensive and complete list of all risk factors identified by the Company. Refer to the following pages of this section for additional details regarding these summarized risk factors. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry: Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services). A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of tenants, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of such tenants may materially decrease revenues, reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and services and impact our dividend per share growth. The expansion or development of our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings or other strategic opportunities, may cause disruptions in our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. Our Fiber business model contains certain differences from our Towers business model, resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate our Fiber business model or identify or manage the related operational risks through the closing of the Strategic Fiber Transaction, such operations may produce results that are lower than anticipated. Failure to timely, efficiently and safely execute on our construction projects could adversely affect our business. New technologies may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. If we fail to retain rights to our communications infrastructure, including the rights to land under our towers and the right-of-way and other agreements related to our small cells and fiber, our business may be adversely affected. Our services business has historically experienced significant volatility in demand, which reduces the predictability of our results. As a result of competition in our industry, we may find it more difficult to negotiate favorable rates on our new or renewing tenant contracts. New wireless technologies may not deploy or be adopted by tenants as rapidly or in the manner projected. If radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets or equipment on our communications infrastructure are demonstrated to cause negative health effects, potential future claims could adversely affect our operations, costs or revenues. Cybersecurity breaches or other information technology disruptions could adversely affect our operations, business, and reputation. If we do not continue to make appropriate investments in, and effectively implement and maintain, our information technology systems and digital capabilities, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our business may be adversely impacted by climate-related events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events. Failure to attract, recruit and retain qualified and experienced employees could adversely affect our business, operations and costs. Changes to management, including turnover of our top executives, could have an adverse effect on our business. Actions that we are taking, or have completed, to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. Actions of activist stockholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. 12 Risks Relating to Our Pending Sale of the Fiber Business: The pendency of the sale of our Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Completion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction is subject to the conditions contained in the Strategic Fiber Agreement, including regulatory approvals, which may not be received, and separation of the Fiber Business from our current operations, and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the transaction will not be completed. The failure to complete the planned sale of the Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price. Risks Relating to Our Debt and Equity Our substantial level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and the terms of our debt instruments limit our ability to take a number of actions that our management might otherwise believe to be in our best interests. In addition, if we fail to comply with our covenants, our debt could be accelerated. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. In the event we do not repay or refinance such indebtedness, we could face substantial liquidity issues and might be required to issue equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, or sell some of our assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet our debt payment obligations. Sales or issuances of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation ("Charter") and second amended and restated by-laws, as amended ("By-laws") and operative agreements, and domestic and international competition laws may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or for us to acquire control of a third party, even if such a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Risks Relating to Corporate Compliance If we fail to comply with laws or regulations which regulate our business and which may change at any time, we may be fined or even lose our right to conduct some of our business. Risks Relating to Our REIT Status Future dividend payments to our stockholders will reduce the availability of our cash on hand available to fund future discretionary investments, and may result in a need to incur indebtedness or issue equity securities to fund growth opportunities. In such event, the then current economic, credit market or equity market conditions will impact the availability or cost of such financing, which may hinder our ability to grow our per share results of operations. Remaining qualified to be taxed as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would result in our inability to deduct dividends to stockholders when computing our taxable income, thereby increasing our tax obligations and reducing our available cash. Complying with REIT requirements, including the 90% distribution requirement, may limit our flexibility or cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities, including certain discretionary investments and potential financing alternatives. REIT related ownership limitations and transfer restrictions may prevent or restrict certain transfers of our capital stock. 13 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services). Tenant demand for our communications infrastructure depends on consumers' and organizations' demand for data. Additionally, the willingness of our tenants to utilize our communications infrastructure, or renew or extend existing tenant contracts on our communications infrastructure, is affected by numerous factors, including: availability or capacity of our communications infrastructure or associated land interests; location of our communications infrastructure; financial condition of our tenants, including their profitability and availability or cost of capital, including through government funding; willingness of our tenants to maintain or increase their network investment or changes in their capital allocation strategy; need for integrated networks and organizations; availability and cost of spectrum for commercial use; increased use of network sharing, roaming, joint development, or resale agreements by our tenants; mergers or consolidations by and among our tenants; changes in, or success of, our tenants' business models; governmental regulations and initiatives, including local or state restrictions on the proliferation of communications infrastructure; cost of constructing communications infrastructure; our market competition, including tenants that may elect to self-perform; technological changes, including those (1) affecting the number or type of communications infrastructure needed to provide data to a given geographic area or which may otherwise serve as a substitute or alternative to our communications infrastructure or (2) resulting in the obsolescence or decommissioning of certain existing wireless networks; and our ability to efficiently satisfy our tenants' service requirements. A slowdown in demand for data or our communications infrastructure may negatively impact our growth or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. If our current or potential tenants are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans, as a result of disruptions in the financial and credit markets or otherwise, they may reduce their spending, which could adversely affect our anticipated growth or the demand for our communications infrastructure or services. The amount, timing, and mix of our tenants' network investment is variable and can be significantly impacted by the various matters described in these risk factors. Changes in tenant network investment typically impact the demand for our communications infrastructure. As a result, changes in tenant plans such as delays in the implementation of new systems, new and emerging technologies, or change in plans to expand coverage or capacity may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure. Furthermore, the industries in which our tenants operate (particularly those in the wireless industry) could experience a slowdown or slowing growth rates as a result of numerous factors, including a reduction in consumer demand for data or general economic conditions. There can be no assurances that weakness or uncertainty in the economic environment will not adversely impact our tenants or their industries, which may materially and adversely affect our business, including by reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services. In addition, a slowdown may increase competition for site rental tenants or services. Such an industry slowdown or a reduction in tenant network investment may materially and adversely affect our business. 14 A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from a small number of tenants, and the loss, consolidation or financial instability of any of such tenants may materially decrease revenues, reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and services and impact our dividend per share growth. Our three largest tenants are T-Mobile, AT T and Verizon Wireless. In addition to our three largest tenants, we also derived a meaningful portion of our revenues and previously anticipated future growth from DISH. The loss of any one of our three largest tenants as a result of consolidation, merger, bankruptcy, insolvency, network sharing, roaming, joint development, resale agreements by our tenants or otherwise may result in (1) a material decrease in our revenues, (2) uncollectible account receivables, (3) an impairment of our deferred site rental receivables, communications infrastructure assets, or intangible assets (including goodwill), or (4) other adverse effects to our business. We cannot guarantee that tenant contracts with our largest tenants will not be terminated or that these tenants will renew their tenant contracts with us. Consolidation among our largest tenants will likely result in duplicate or overlapping parts of networks, for example, where they are co-residents on a tower or small cell network, which may result in the termination, non-renewal or re-negotiation of tenant contracts and negatively impact revenues from our communications infrastructure. Due to the long-term nature of our tenant contracts, we generally expect that the impact to our site rental revenues from any termination of our tenant contracts as a result of such potential consolidation would be spread out over multiple years. Such consolidation (or potential consolidation) may result in a reduction or slowdown in such tenants' network investment in the aggregate because their expansion plans may be similar. Tenant consolidation could decrease the demand for our communications infrastructure and services, which in turn may result in a reduction in our revenues or cash flows and may trigger a review for impairment of certain long-lived assets. On January 6, 2022, we entered into an agreement with T-Mobile that addressed the T-Mobile and Sprint network consolidation. This consolidation resulted in approximately $200 million in Towers non-renewals in 2025, and we anticipate additional non-renewals from this agreement, which we expect to fall within our historical non-renewal range of 1% to 2% of Towers annual site rental revenues, to occur each year through 2034. We expect an additional impact of approximately $40 million in aggregate Fiber non-renewals to occur in 2026 and in subsequent years, until the closing of the Strategic Fiber Transaction. On January 12, 2026, we delivered a notice of default and termination to DISH relating to our Master Lease Agreement and underlying agreements with DISH as a result of DISH failing to make required payments and defaulting on its obligations under the agreements. As a result of the termination, we assert in the notice that DISH owes us all remaining payments under these agreements, which total in excess of $3.5 billion. As of December 31, 2025, associated with our agreements with DISH, we had recorded on our consolidated balance sheet approximately $50 million within "Receivables, net" and approximately $150 million within "Deferred site rental receivables," partially offset by approximately $34 million recorded within "Deferred revenues" and "Other long-term liabilities." We expect the total net balance sheet impact of approximately $165 million will ultimately be recoverable, and accordingly no adjustments have been made to reserve such net amount as of December 31, 2025. We do not intend to recognize additional revenue under these agreements pending further developments with respect to this matter. See "Item 1. Business The Company" and note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our largest tenants. The expansion or development of our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings or other strategic opportunities, may cause disruptions in our business, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations or financial results. We seek to expand and develop our business, including through acquisitions, increased product offerings, or other strategic opportunities. In the ordinary course of our business, we review, analyze and evaluate various potential transactions or other activities in which we may engage. Such transactions or activities could be complex, costly and time-consuming, or cause disruptions in, increase risk to or otherwise negatively impact our business. Among other things, such transactions and activities may: disrupt our business relationships with our tenants and landlords, depending on the nature of or counterparty to such transactions and activities; divert capital and the time or attention of management away from other business operations, including as a result of post-transaction integration activities; fail to achieve revenue or margin targets, operational synergies or other benefits contemplated; increase operational risk or volatility in our business; temporarily decrease the volume of our business; not result in the benefits management had expected to realize from such expansion and development activities, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected; 15 impact our cost structure and result in the need to hire additional employees; increase demands on current employees or result in current or prospective employees experiencing uncertainty about their future roles with us, which might adversely affect our ability to retain or attract key employees; or result in the need for additional TRSs or contributions of certain assets to TRSs, which are subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. Our Fiber business model contains certain differences from our Towers business model, resulting in different operational risks. If we do not successfully operate our Fiber business model or identify or manage the related operational risks through the closing of the Strategic Fiber Transaction, such operations may produce results that are lower than anticipated. The business model for our Fiber operations contains certain differences from our business model for our Towers operations, including those relating to tenant base, competition, contract terms (including requirements for service level agreements regarding network performance and maintenance), upfront capital requirements, labor costs, landlord demographics, deployment and ownership of certain network assets, operational oversight requirements, government regulations, growth rates and applicable laws. While our Fiber operations have certain risks that are similar to our Towers operations, they also have certain operational risks (including the scalability of processes) that are different from our Towers business, including: the use of public rights-of-way and franchise agreements; the use of poles and conduits owned solely by, or jointly with, third parties; risks relating to overbuilding competitive fiber assets; risks relating to the specific markets in which we choose or plan to operate; risks relating to construction hazards, including boring, trenching, utility and maintenance of traffic hazards; construction management and construction-related billings to tenants; risks relating to efficiently and rapidly adjusting the size of the personnel needed to operate our Fiber business; risks relating to wireless carriers building their own small cell networks, or tenants utilizing their own or alternative fiber assets; the risk of failing to optimize the use of our finite supply of fiber strands; damage to our assets and the need to maintain, repair, upgrade and periodically replace our assets; the risk of failing to properly maintain or operate highly specialized hardware and software; network data security risks; the risk of new technologies that could enable tenants to realize the same benefits with less utilization of our fiber; potential damage to our overall reputation as a communications infrastructure provider; and the use of competitive local exchange carrier ("CLEC") status. In addition, the rate at which tenants adopt or prioritize small cells and fiber solutions has been lower or slower than we anticipated, and may continue to be lower or slower, or may cease to exist altogether. For example, our tenants have initially focused on utilizing towers in the first phase of deploying their 5G networks, which has led to delays in some of our small cell deployments. We anticipate that these delays will be temporary, as our tenants plan for the next phase of their 5G network deployment which we believe will require small cells at scale. Our Fiber operations also expose us to different safety or liability risks or hazards than our Towers business as a result of numerous factors, including those stemming from the deployment, location or nature of the assets involved. There may be risks and challenges associated with small cells and fiber solutions being comparatively new and emerging technologies that are continuing to evolve, and there may be other risks related to small cells and fiber solutions of which we are not yet aware. See " The pendency of the sale of our Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. ", " Completion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction is subject to the conditions contained in the Strategic Fiber Agreement, including regulatory approvals, which may not be received, and separation of the Fiber Business from our current operations, and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the transaction will not be completed. ", " The failure to complete the planned sale of the Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price. " and " Our business depends on the demand for our communications infrastructure (including towers, small cells and fiber), driven primarily by demand for data, and we may be adversely affected by any slowdown in such demand. Additionally, a reduction in the amount or change in the mix of network investment by our tenants may materially and adversely affect our business (including reducing demand for our communications infrastructure or services.) ", and note 3 to our consolidated financial statements, for discussions of the Strategic Fiber Transaction. Failure to timely, efficiently and safely execute on our construction projects could adversely affect our business. Our construction projects and related contracts can be long-term, complex in nature, dangerous, costly and challenging to execute. The quality of our performance on such construction projects depends in large part upon our ability to manage (1) the 16 associated tenant relationship and (2) the project itself by timely deploying and properly managing appropriate internal and external project resources. In connection with our construction projects, we generally bear the risk of cost over-runs, labor availability and productivity, and contractor pricing and performance. In addition, the construction projects (including modifications of existing communications infrastructure) can pose certain safety risks, including: risks resulting from elevated work, including falling hazards; risks of third-party non-compliance with safety regulations, industry best practices or other applicable standards; risks associated with utility hazards, including gas line, electrical or sewage strikes, which may result in explosions, electrocution and other potentially catastrophic events; and risk of potential wildfires, including due to welding, grinding, cutting, or other construction activity. Such safety risks may cause personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, suspension of operations or services, or significant damage to the environment, creating financial, regulatory or reputational damage that could adversely affect our business. See " Our business may be adversely impacted by climate-related events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events" below for additional information regarding potential adverse impacts to our business which may result from wildfires and other climate-related events. Further, investments in newly constructed communications infrastructure may result in lower initial returns compared to returns on our existing communications infrastructure or us not being able to realize future tenant additions at anticipated levels. Additionally, contracts with our tenants for these projects typically specify delivery dates, performance criteria and penalties for our failure to perform. Our failure to perform timely and in accordance with the performance criteria exposes us to penalties specified in the contract or possible litigation. We often experience unforeseen delays, primarily in our Fiber business, from municipalities and utility companies that result in longer construction timelines than expected, which impact our ability to timely deliver on our projects. We may also experience unforeseen delays and increased project costs as a result of labor shortages, which may impact the availability of contractors to work on our construction projects. Our failure to manage such tenant relationships, project resources, and project milestones in a timely and efficient manner and appropriately manage safety risks could have a material adverse effect on our business. New technologies may reduce demand for our communications infrastructure or negatively impact our revenues. Improvements in the efficiency, architecture, and design of communication networks may reduce the demand for our communications infrastructure. For example, new technologies and spectrum that may promote network sharing, joint development, backhaul and fronthaul efficiency or resale agreements by our tenants, such as signal combining technologies or network virtualization, may reduce the need for our communications infrastructure. In addition, other technologies, such as WiFi, satellite (such as low earth orbiting) and mesh transmission systems may serve as substitutes for, or alternatives to, leasing on communications infrastructure that might otherwise be anticipated or expected had such technologies not existed. In addition, new technologies that enhance the range, efficiency and capacity of communication equipment could reduce demand for our communications infrastructure. Any significant reduction in demand for our communications infrastructure resulting from the new technologies may negatively impact our revenues or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us. If we fail to retain rights to our communications infrastructure, including the rights to land under our towers and the right-of-way and other agreements related to our small cells and fiber, our business may be adversely affected. The property interests and other rights to our communications infrastructure, including the land under our towers, are derived from leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses, rights-of-way, and franchise and other agreements. A loss of these interests and other rights may interfere with our ability to conduct our business or generate revenues. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access, analyze, or verify all information regarding titles or other issues prior to acquiring communications infrastructure. Further, we may not be able to renew ground leases or other agreements on commercially viable terms. Our ability to retain rights to the land on which our towers are located depends on our ability to purchase such land, by acquiring fee interests and perpetual easements, or renegotiate or extend the terms of the agreements relating to such land. Approximately 10% of our towers Adjusted Site Rental Gross Margin for the year ended December 31, 2025 was derived from towers where the leases for the land under such towers had final expiration dates of less than 10 years. If we are unable to retain rights to the property on which our communications infrastructure is located, our business may be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 55% of our towers were leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases, or other agreements with AT T and T-Mobile (including those which T-Mobile assumed in its merger 17 with Sprint). We have the option to purchase these towers at the end of their respective lease terms. We have no obligation to exercise such purchase options. We may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase some or all of these towers at the time these options are exercisable. Even if we do have available capital, we may choose not to exercise our right to purchase these towers or some or all of the T-Mobile or AT T towers for business or other reasons. In the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights, or are otherwise unable to acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event that we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisition of these towers may not exceed the costs, which could adversely affect our business. Additional information concerning these towers and the applicable purchase options as of December 31, 2025 is as follows: 22% of our towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under a master lease or other related agreements with AT T. We have the option to purchase the leased and subleased towers from AT T at the end of the respective lease or sublease terms for aggregate option payments of approximately $4.2 billion, which payments, if such option is exercised, would be due between 2032 and 2048. 32% of our towers are leased or subleased or operated and managed under master leases, subleases or other agreements with T-Mobile (including those which T-Mobile assumed in its merger with Sprint). In 2037, we have the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of approximately half of such leased and subleased towers from T-Mobile for approximately $2.3 billion. We have the option to purchase the remainder of such towers from T-Mobile at the end of the respective terms for aggregate option payments of approximately $2.0 billion, which payments, if such option is exercised, would be due between 2035 and 2049. In addition, another 1% of our towers under master leases, subleases, and other agreements with T-Mobile are subject to a lease and sublease or other related arrangements with AT T. We have the option to purchase these towers from AT T at the end of their respective lease terms for aggregate option payments of up to approximately $373 million as of December 31, 2025, which payments, if such option is exercised, would be due prior to 2032 (less than $5 million would be due before 2029). Under master lease or master prepaid lease arrangements we have with AT T and T-Mobile (including those which T-Mobile assumed in its merger with Sprint), certain of our subsidiaries lease or sublease, or are otherwise granted the right to operate and manage, towers from bankruptcy remote subsidiaries of such carriers. If one of these bankruptcy remote subsidiaries should become a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding and is permitted to reject the underlying ground lease, our subsidiaries could lose their interest in the applicable sites. If our subsidiaries were to lose their interest in the applicable sites or if the applicable ground leases were to be terminated, we would lose the cash flow derived from the towers on those sites, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. We have similar bankruptcy risks with respect to sites that we operate under management agreements. For our small cells and fiber, we must maintain rights-of-way, franchise, pole attachment, conduit use, fiber use and other agreements to operate our assets. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to maintain these agreements or obtain future agreements to construct, maintain and operate our fiber assets. Access to rights-of-way may depend on our CLEC status, and we cannot be certain that jurisdictions will (1) recognize such CLEC status or (2) not change their laws concerning CLEC access to rights-of-way. If a material portion of these agreements are terminated or are not renewed, we might be forced to abandon our assets, which may adversely impact our business. In order to operate our assets, we must also maintain fiber agreements that we have with public and private entities. There is no assurance that we will be able to renew these agreements on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on favorable terms, we may face increased costs or reduced revenues. Additionally, in order to expand our communications infrastructure footprint to new locations, we often need to obtain new or additional rights-of-way and other agreements. Our failure to obtain these agreements in a prompt and cost-effective manner may prevent us from expanding our footprint, which may be necessary to meet our contractual obligations to our tenants and could adversely impact our business. Our services business has historically experienced significant volatility in demand, which reduces the predictability of our results. The operating results of our services business for any particular period may experience significant fluctuations given its non-recurring nature and should not necessarily be considered indicative of longer-term results for this activity. Our services business is generally driven by demand for our communications infrastructure and may be adversely impacted by various factors, including: competition; the timing, mix and amount of tenant network investments; the rate and volume of tenant deployment plans; 18 unforeseen delays or challenges relating to work performed; economic weakness or uncertainty; labor availability and productivity; availability of key components; our market share; and changes in the size, scope, or volume of work performed. During both 2024 and 2025, due primarily to our discontinuation of installation services as a towers product offering previously announced in July 2023, services and other revenues decreased by 54% and 49%, respectively, when compared to year ended December 31, 2023. We continue to offer site development services on our towers. See note 17 to our consolidated financial statements and "Item 7. MD A General Overview Highlights of Business Fundamentals and Results" for further discussion of our 2023 Restructuring Plan, which included discontinuing installation services as a towers product offering. As a result of competition in our industry, we may find it more difficult to negotiate favorable rates on our new or renewing tenant contracts. Our growth is dependent on our entering into new tenant contracts (including amendments to tenant contracts upon modification of existing towers, small cells or fiber), as well as renewing or renegotiating tenant contracts when existing tenant contracts terminate. Competition in our industry may make it more difficult for us to attract new tenants, maintain or increase our gross margins, or maintain or increase our market share. In addition, competition (primarily in our fiber solutions business) may, in certain circumstances, cause us to renegotiate certain existing tenant contracts to avoid early contract terminations. We face competition for site rental tenants and associated contractual rates from various sources, including (1) other independent communications infrastructure owners or operators, including those that own, operate, or manage towers, rooftops, broadcast or transmission towers, utility poles, fiber (including non-traditional competitors such as cable providers) or small cells, (2) tenants who elect to self-perform and (3) new alternative deployment methods for communications infrastructure. Our Fiber business generally has different competitors than those in our Towers business, including other owners of fiber, as well as new entrants into small cells and fiber solutions, some of which may have larger networks, greater financial resources or more experience in managing such assets than we have. The level of non-renewals associated with fiber solutions is generally higher than that of Towers and small cells. New wireless technologies may not deploy or be adopted by tenants as rapidly or in the manner projected. There can be no assurances that new wireless services or technologies, which may drive demand for our communications infrastructure, will be introduced or deployed as rapidly or in the manner projected by the wireless carriers. In addition, demand or tenant adoption rates for such new technologies may be lower or slower than anticipated for numerous reasons. As a result, growth opportunities or demand for our communications infrastructure arising from such technologies may not be realized at the times or to the extent anticipated. If radio frequency emissions from wireless handsets or equipment on our communications infrastructure are demonstrated to cause negative health effects, potential future claims could adversely affect our operations, costs or revenues. The potential connection between radio frequency emissions and certain negative health effects, including some forms of cancer, has been the subject of substantial study by the scientific community in recent years. We cannot guarantee that claims relating to radio frequency emissions will not arise in the future or that the results of such studies will not be adverse to us. Public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular or other wireless connectivity services and wireless technologies (such as 5G) may slow or diminish the growth of wireless companies and deployment of new wireless technologies, which may in turn slow or diminish our growth. In particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, these perceived health risks may slow or diminish the market acceptance of wireless services and technologies. If a connection between radio frequency emissions and possible negative health effects were established, our operations, costs, or revenues may be materially and adversely affected. We currently do not maintain any significant insurance with respect to these matters. Cybersecurity breaches or other information technology disruptions could adversely affect our operations, business, and reputation. Despite existing security measures, certain of our information technology and communications infrastructure may be subject to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to unauthorized access, computer viruses, ransomware or other malicious software, cyber-attacks and other security breaches. In addition, integration and adoption of artificial intelligence and machine learning ("AI") into our business may pose new information security risks and challenges. The increased prevalence of AI may 19 also heighten cybersecurity and data protection risks. AI-enabled systems, as well as AI-driven techniques used by threat actors, may increase the sophistication, scale, frequency, and speed of cyberattacks targeting our information technology systems, operational technology, or sensitive data. Further, our reliance on cloud- or internet-based services and on remote access to information systems increases our exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. An attack attempt or security breach, such as a distributed denial of service attack, could potentially result in (1) interruption or cessation of certain of our services to our tenants or access by our tenants to certain of our information technology systems, (2) our inability to meet expected levels of service to our tenants, (3) data transmitted over our tenants' networks being compromised or misappropriated, or (4) business or other sensitive data being compromised, misappropriated or lost. Although we believe we have a comprehensive incident response plan and other cybersecurity measures and policies in place, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will not be circumvented, resulting in tenant network failures or interruptions that could impact our tenants' network availability and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operational results. Additionally, security incidents impacting our tenants, vendors and business partners could result in a material adverse effect on our business. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect against or recover from such threats. If an actual or perceived breach of our cybersecurity or information technology, or that of our cloud- or internet-based service providers, occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, and we could lose tenants. Further, the perpetrators of cyber-attacks are not restricted to particular groups or persons. These threats can arise from external parties, such as cyber terrorists or nation-state actors, as well as insiders, such as our employees or contractors, who knowingly or unknowingly engage in or enable malicious cyber activities. In addition, our acquisitions and divestitures, both past and future, may alter our potential exposure to the risks described above. While we maintain insurance that includes coverage in the event of cybersecurity or other information technology breaches, there can be no assurances that such coverage will be adequate to cover exposure from such incidents. If we do not continue to make appropriate investments in, and effectively implement and maintain, our information technology systems and digital capabilities, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Our business relies on information technology ("IT") systems to support key operational, commercial, and financial processes, including site and asset management, leasing and contract administration, billing and collections, construction and supply chain activities, regulatory compliance, and financial reporting. Our industry continues to experience increasing operational complexity and growing reliance on digital tools, automation, data analytics, and integrated systems, including the use of artificial intelligence. We continue to seek to drive organizational improvement through digital transformation initiatives and modernizing our legacy IT systems. If we do not invest in modernizing our IT systems or fail to effectively execute our digital transformation initiatives, we may experience operational inefficiencies, higher operating costs, reduced scalability, and limitations on our ability to respond to customer requirements or support deployment activity. In addition, reliance on legacy or fragmented systems may affect data accuracy, system reliability, and management s ability to obtain timely and actionable information. Some of our IT and digital initiatives require significant investment, which can be complex and are subject to risks, including implementation delays, cost overruns, integration challenges, and disruption to ongoing operations. Even when successfully implemented, such systems may not deliver anticipated benefits or may require ongoing investment to remain effective as technologies, customer expectations, and industry practices evolve. If our competitors or customers adopt advanced digital capabilities more quickly than we do, we could be at a competitive disadvantage. Any failure to effectively invest in or execute our IT and digital initiatives could adversely affect our operational performance, financial results, and ability to execute our business strategy. Our business may be adversely impacted by climate-related events, natural disasters, including wildfires, and other unforeseen events. We could be negatively impacted by unforeseen events, such as extreme weather events or natural disasters (including as a result of any potential effects of climate change), or acts of vandalism. There is increasing concern that global climate change is occurring and could result in increased frequency of certain types of natural disasters and extreme weather events. Although we have implemented a wildfire risk mitigation program, the effects of climate change have increased the risk and extent of wildfires that could potentially result from certain of our construction and maintenance projects and other operating activities. We cannot predict with certainty the rate at which climate change is occurring or the potential direct or indirect impacts of climate change to our business. Any such unforeseen events could, among other things, damage or delay deployment of our communications infrastructure, interrupt or delay service to our tenants or could result in legal claims or penalties, regulatory action or fines, disruption in operations, damage to our reputation, negative market perception, or costly response measures, which could adversely affect our business. 20 While we currently maintain insurance policies that include coverage in the event of natural disasters and other unforeseen events, including possible incidents in which our actions (or the actions of those acting on our behalf) contribute to such events, there can be no assurances that such coverage will be adequate to cover exposure from such events. Further, we do not maintain, and do not expect to maintain, insurance policies that provide adequate coverage in the event that our actions (or those actions of those acting on our behalf) contribute to a wildfire event, as a result of the fact that such insurance policies are generally not economically available. Failure to attract, recruit and retain qualified and experienced employees could adversely affect our business, operations and costs. Our ability to sustain and grow our business and execute on our strategy requires us, in part, to attract, recruit and retain qualified and experienced employees, including key management personnel and other talent. We have encountered a competitive labor market for experienced talent in our industry due, in part, to macroeconomic conditions. Our stock price performance has caused, and may continue to cause, a failure to achieve certain metrics on which vesting of our performance-based equity awards is based. If our total compensation package is not viewed as competitive, our ability to successfully attract, recruit and retain key employees could adversely impact our business, operations, and costs, which could result in the loss of institutional knowledge and expertise of departing employees. We have recently experienced, and may continue to experience, the departure of key management personnel, as well as the elimination and consolidation of roles and responsibilities. See " Changes to management, including turnover of our top executives, could have an adverse effect on our business.", " Actions that we are taking, or have completed, to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated." and " The pendency of the sale of our Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. " for a discussion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction, recent management changes and the reductions in our workforce in 2023 and 2024, and the potential adverse impact on our workforce therefrom. Changes to management, including turnover of our top executives, could have an adverse effect on our business. Our business has experienced, and may continue to experience, significant executive management changes, including the consolidation of roles and responsibilities. In December 2023, we announced the retirement of Jay A. Brown, our President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the appointment of Anthony J. Melone, a member of our board of directors, to serve as interim President and CEO. In April 2024, Steven J. Moskowitz was appointed as President and CEO. Additionally, in January 2025, we announced that Daniel K. Schlanger would cease serving as our Executive Vice President ("EVP") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), effective March 2025. In March 2025, we appointed Sunit Patel as EVP and CFO, effective April 2025. Additionally in March 2025, we announced the appointment of Mr. Schlanger as interim CEO and the termination of Mr. Moskowitz. In August 2025, we announced the appointment of Christian Hillabrant as President and CEO, effective September 2025, after which Mr. Schlanger was appointed EVP and Chief Transformation Officer. We also have experienced and may continue to experience the departure and transition of other members of our executive management team. These leadership changes may be inherently difficult to manage and may hamper our ability to meet our financial and operational goals as new management becomes familiar with their roles and the business. Such changes may also result in added costs, uncertainty concerning our future direction, decreased employee morale, and the loss of personnel with deep institutional knowledge and industry relationships. Any of the foregoing could result in significant disruptions to our operations and impact our ability to execute on our strategy and pursue strategic initiatives. Further, we have increased our dependency on the remaining members of our executive management team to facilitate a smooth transition in leadership roles. Our executive officers are at-will employees; as such, their employment with us could terminate at any time, and any such departure could be particularly disruptive in light of the recent leadership changes. If we are unable to mitigate these or other similar risks, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Actions that we are taking, or have completed, to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. In July 2023, we initiated the 2023 Restructuring Plan as part of our efforts to reduce costs to better align our operational needs with lower tower activity. The 2023 Restructuring Plan included reducing our total employee headcount by approximately 15%, discontinuing installation services as a towers product offering, and consolidating office space. As a result of the foregoing actions, we incurred $85 million and $9 million of restructuring charges in 2023 and 2024, respectively. The actions associated with the 2023 Restructuring Plan were substantially completed and related charges were recorded by June 30, 2024, while the payments for the employee headcount reduction were substantially completed by December 31, 2024. The remaining payments for the office space consolidation will be completed by 2032. 21 In June 2024, we initiated the 2024 Restructuring Plan as part of our efforts to drive operational efficiencies and reduce operating costs and capital expenditures, with a primary focus on our Fiber segment. As a result, we announced a reduction of our total employee headcount by more than 10% and the closing of certain offices. Related to the actions undertaken for the 2024 Restructuring Plan, we incurred $100 million of restructuring charges in 2024. The actions associated with the 2024 Restructuring Plan and related charges were substantially completed and recorded by December 31, 2024, while the payments were substantially completed for the employee headcount reduction in 2025 and are expected to be completed for office closures by 2033. In February 2026, we initiated the 2026 Restructuring Plan as part of our efforts to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the our standalone tower business. As a result, we announced a reduction of our total tower and corporate employee headcount by approximately 20%. In addition to the 2023 and 2024 Restructuring Plans and 2026 Restructuring Plan, we may from time to time take actions to realign our business, operations, and cost structure with our strategic priorities. In undertaking these actions we may incur other charges or cash expenditures not initially contemplated due to unanticipated events that may occur, including in connection with the execution of these actions. We make certain assumptions in estimating the anticipated savings we expect to achieve under these actions, which include the estimated savings from the elimination of certain headcount and the consolidation and closure of office space. These assumptions may turn out to be incorrect due to a variety of factors. In addition, our ability to realize the expected benefits from these actions is subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. As such, we may not realize, in full or in part, or sustain, the anticipated benefits from these actions or do so within the expected time frame, and anticipated benefits may not be adequate to meet our long-term profitability and operational expectations. Furthermore, the actions may result in unintended consequences, including: employee attrition beyond the intended reduction in force; damage to our corporate culture and decreased employee morale and productivity among our remaining employees; diversion of management attention; adverse effects to our reputation as an employer (which could make it more difficult for us to hire new employees in the future); loss of institutional knowledge and expertise of departing employees; inability to timely and efficiently scale our workforce in response to shifting demand in our business; and potential failure or delays to meet operational and growth targets due to the loss of qualified employees. If we experience any of these adverse consequences, the actions and other strategic initiatives may not achieve or sustain their intended benefits, or the benefits, even if achieved, may not be adequate to meet our long-term profitability and operational expectations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Actions of activist stockholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to activities initiated by activist stockholders. In December 2023, we entered into a Cooperation Agreement ("Cooperation Agreement") with Elliott Investment Management L.P., Elliott Associates, L.P. and Elliott International, L.P. (collectively, "Elliott"). Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, we agreed, among other things, (1) to promptly appoint Jason Genrich and Sunit Patel as members of the board of directors, with an initial term that expired at our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ("2024 Annual Meeting"), (2) to establish a Fiber Review Committee to conduct a strategic and operational review of our Fiber business and (3) to establish a CEO Search Committee to conduct a search for the next CEO of our Company. On March 3, 2024, we entered into an amendment to the Cooperation Agreement with Elliott, which, among other things, (1) eliminated limitations on the size of our board of directors, the Fiber Review Committee and the CEO Search Committee, (2) provided that Elliott and certain of its affiliates would vote pro rata in accordance with the vote of other stockholders at the 2024 Annual Meeting, subject to certain exceptions, and (3) provided our board of directors could change its recommendation and cease soliciting proxies in favor of Messrs. Genrich or Patel if it first made a determination that its fiduciary duties required it to do so. Messrs. Genrich and Patel were subsequently reelected to serve until our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The operational review of our Fiber business and the search for the next CEO of our company concluded during 2024, and the strategic review of our Fiber business concluded in 2025 with our entry into the Strategic Fiber Agreement. In March 2025, we announced that Mr. Patel resigned from our board of directors, effective immediately, and was be appointed as Executive Vice President and CFO, effective April 2025. See " The pendency of the sale of our Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. ", " Completion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction is subject to the conditions contained in the Strategic Fiber Agreement, including regulatory approvals, which may 22 not be received, and separation of the Fiber Business from our current operations, and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the transaction will not be completed. " and " The failure to complete the planned sale of the Fiber Business to Zayo and EQT could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price. " for a discussion of the Strategic Fiber Transaction. The Cooperation Agreement, as amended, remains in effect. We strive to maintain constructive, ongoing communications with all stockholders, and we welcome constructive input from all stockholders toward the shared goal of enhancing long-term stockholder value. Nonetheless, we may not be successful in engaging constructively with one or more stockholders, and any resulting activist campaign that contests, or seeks to change, our strategic direction or business mix (for example, our proxy contest in 2024 with Boots Capital) could have an adverse effect on us because: (1) responding to actions by activist stockholders could disrupt our business and operations, be costly or time-consuming, or divert the attention of our board of directors or management from the pursuit of business strategies, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition; (2) perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of the business, instability, or lack of continuity, any of which may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers and vendors, and our employees and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel; and (3) these types of actions could cause significant fluctuations in our share price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of