=== GEHC_2026-03-19.htm.gz ===
gehc-20260318 0001932393 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0001932393 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001932393 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001932393 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001932393 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001932393 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001932393 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001932393 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. 500 West Monroe Street, Chicago, Illinois 60661 Logistics Time and Date 8:00 a.m. Central Time on May 7, 2026 Venue Virtual via live webcast at: www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/GEHC2026 Record Date March 9, 2026 You may log into the meeting 15 minutes prior to the start of the meeting. Items of Business Proposal Board Vote Recommendation 1 Election of the 8 Director Nominees Named in this Proxy Statement for a One-Year Term FOR each director nominee 2 Approval of Our Named Executive Officers Compensation in an Advisory Vote FOR 3 Ratification of the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as Our Independent Auditor for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2026 FOR Stockholders will also transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting, including any adjournment or postponement thereof. How You Can Vote Via the Internet at www.proxyvote.com , or at the website indicated on the materials provided to you by your broker By Telephone Call the telephone number on your proxy card or voting instruction form By Mail Sign, date, and return your proxy card or voting instruction form If you are a beneficial owner and received a voting instruction form, please follow the instructions provided by your bank or broker to vote your shares. You are invited to participate in the GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. ( GE HealthCare ) 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. If you were a GE HealthCare stockholder at the close of business on March 9, 2026, the record date, you are entitled to vote at the meeting. Even if you plan to attend the live webcast, we encourage you to submit your vote as soon as possible through one of the methods available to you. Cordially, Frank R. Jimenez, Secretary Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to Be Held on May 7, 2026 This Notice of the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and proxy statement, as well as GE HealthCare s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, are available free of charge at www.proxyvote.com or on the Investors section of our website, investor.gehealthcare.com . The Board of Directors of GE HealthCare is soliciting proxies to be voted at our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 7, 2026, and at any postponed or reconvened meeting. We expect that the proxy materials or a notice of internet availability will be mailed and made available to stockholders beginning on or about March 19, 2026. At the meeting, votes will be taken on the matters listed in the Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Where Can You Find More Information? See Voting and Meeting Information on page 70 . References to our website in this proxy statement, including the contents of GE HealthCare s Sustainability Report or GE HealthCare s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, are for the convenience of readers, and information available at or through our website is not a part of, nor is it incorporated by reference in, these documents. Table of Contents 1 Notice of 202 6 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 3 Proxy Statement Summary 7 Corporate Governance Management Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 7 Nominee Biographies 14 Board Leadership Structure 15 Board Composition 18 Board Committees 20 Key Areas of Board Oversight 23 Board Governance Policies and Practices 28 Stock Ownership Information 29 Director Compensation 31 Compensation Management P roposal N o. 2: A pproval of O ur N amed E xecutive O fficers C ompensation in an A dvisory V ote 32 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 32 Executive Summary 35 Overview of Our 202 5 Executive Compensation Programs 36 Compensation Decisions and Outcomes 43 Compensation Actions for 2025 47 Other Compensation Elements 47 Severance and Change in Control Arrangements 48 Other Executive Compensation Policies and Practices 49 Compensation Committee Report 50 Compensation Tables 62 Other Compensation Disclosures 62 202 5 CEO Pay Ratio 63 Pay Versus Performance 65 Equity Compensation Plan Information 66 Independent Auditor Management Proposal No. 3: Ratification of the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as Our Independent Auditor for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2026 66 Review and Engagement 67 Audit Committee Report 68 Fees Paid to Independent Auditor 69 Submitting 202 7 Proposals 70 Voting and Meeting Information 73 Appendix 73 Non-GAAP Financial Measures Forward-Looking Statements This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements might be identified by words, and variations of words, such as will, expect, may, would, could, plan, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, potential, position, forecast, target, guidance, outlook, and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements about our business operations; our strategy; governance, sustainability, and compensation practices and policies; and financial information. Please see our risk factors, as they may be amended from time to time, set forth in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K (the 2025 Form 10-K ). There may be other factors not presently known to us or which we currently consider to be immaterial that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise our forward-looking statements except as required by applicable law or regulation. 2 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Proxy Statement Summary This section summarizes and highlights certain information contained in this proxy statement but does not contain all the information that you should consider when casting your vote. Please review the entire proxy statement as well as the 2025 Form 10-K carefully before voting. 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time: May 7, 2026 at 8:00 a.m. Central Time Location: Virtual via live webcast at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GEHC2026 Record Date: Stockholders of record at the close of business on March 9, 2026 are entitled to attend and vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ). On that date, there were 456,290,143 shares of common stock of GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. ( GE HealthCare, the Company, we, us, or our ) outstanding and entitled to vote. Voting Matters and Board Recommendations Stockholders will be asked to vote on the following matters at the Annual Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to promptly submit your proxy with your voting instructions. You may do this over the internet, as well as by telephone or mail. See Voting and Meeting Information on page 70 . The Company s Board of Directors (the Board ) is not aware of any matter that will be presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting other than those shown below. Election of the 8 Director Nominees Named in this Proxy Statement for a One-Year Term At the Annual Meeting, eight director nominees will stand for election to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Management Proposal 1 The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee See Page 7 Approval of Our Named Executive Officers Compensation in an Advisory Vote We are asking stockholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive officers ( NEOs ) in 2025, as described in this proxy statement. Management Proposal 2 The Board recommends a vote FOR the say-on-pay proposal See Page 31 Ratification of the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as Our Independent Auditor for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2026 We are asking stockholders to ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP ( Deloitte ) as our independent auditor for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. Management Proposal 3 The Board recommends a vote FOR ratification of the Audit Committee s selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent auditor for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 See Page 66 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Proxy Statement Summary Company Overview GE HealthCare is a leading global healthcare solutions provider of advanced medical technology, pharmaceutical diagnostics, and artificial intelligence ( AI ), cloud and software solutions that help clinicians tackle the world s most complex diseases. We have approximately 54,000 colleagues dedicated to our purpose to create a world where healthcare has no limits. Serving patients and providers for nearly 130 years, GE HealthCare is delivering bold innovations designed for the next era of medicine to help clinicians deliver more personalized, precise patient care. This is complemented by our broad service capabilities and dedication to quality and integrity with a strong operational culture, supported by our lean business system, Heartbeat. On January 3, 2023, we completed a spin-off from our former parent company, the General Electric Company, which now operates as GE Aerospace ( GE ). Within this proxy statement, we refer to this transaction, which resulted in GE HealthCare becoming an independent publicly traded company, as the Spin-Off. Strategy 2025 was a year of disciplined execution and operational resilience as our industry continued to navigate a dynamic global environment, including tariffs. In light of these challenges, our teams moved with speed and agility to mitigate impact, while delivering strong commercial execution and progress on our innovation pipeline. Across GE HealthCare, our teams stayed focused on what matters most: supporting customers, advancing innovation, and delivering on our strategy centered on precision care, growth acceleration, and business optimization. We delivered $20.6 billion in revenue, supported by healthy capital investment trends and strong demand for new products. We closed the year with a record backlog and solid book-to-bill, reinforcing the strength of our portfolio and the trust our customers place in us. Earnings per share grew, driven by healthy volume and ongoing productivity improvements, even with tariff impact, a testament to the significant mitigation work undertaken by our team. Our D3 strategy that integrates smart devices and drugs across disease states, enabled by digital, AI, and cloud solutions, continues to differentiate GE HealthCare. The Board monitors operational excellence through the implementation of the Heartbeat business system and ongoing initiatives related to sustainability and access to care. In 2026, the Board remains focused on overseeing execution of the Company s strategy to support sustainable growth, and enhance profitability and value creation for stockholders. Our strategy prioritizes the following pillars: Precision care Connected care pathways and digitization of healthcare Growth acceleration Commercial capabilities and product leadership Business optimization Sustainable margin expansion and strong cash flow Compensation Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain, and motivate top executive talent who create long-term value for our stockholders through execution of our business strategy. Our pay program is market-competitive, aligned with stockholder interests, and driven by strong governance practices for sound decision-making. Highlights of our executive compensation and governance practices include: A total rewards philosophy and guiding principles that serve as a clear and transparent framework for considering compensation designs and individual pay levels An executive compensation program designed to strengthen the link between pay and performance by having a significant portion of total executive compensation at-risk, performance-based, and long-term focused Use of a balanced mix of cash and equity and annual and long-term incentives Annual and long-term incentive plans that incorporate business-focused goals, which are intentionally aligned to balance risk, reinforce our strategy, and promote an ownership-oriented culture across the leadership team Robust governance practices, including stock ownership requirements, a clawback policy (with mandatory and discretionary components), prohibitions on hedging and pledging, and annual risk assessments Proactive outreach to understand our stockholders perspectives and views on our executive compensation program and philosophy 4 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Proxy Statement Summary Director Nominees The Nominating and Governance Committee (the Governance Committee ) recommended and the Board nominated 8 of the 10 incumbent directors for election at the Annual Meeting to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Dr. Risa Lavizzo Mourey and Dr. Tomislav Mihaljevic, each of whom has served on the Board since the Spin Off, have chosen not to stand for re-election to the Board due to other commitments and thus are not being nominated for re election at the Annual Meeting. The size of the Board will be 8 directors following the end of their terms at the Annual Meeting. The Board thanks Dr. Lavizzo Mourey and Dr. Mihaljevic for their invaluable service and outstanding contributions to the Company since the Spin-Off. Information about each director nominee in this Proxy Statement Summary is as of March 9, 2026. H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. Independent Peter J. Arduini Chairman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer GE Aerospace Age: 62 President and Chief Executive Officer GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. Age: 61 Rodney F. Hochman Independent Catherine Lesjak Independent Chief Executive Officer Emeritus Providence Age: 70 Audit Committee Chair Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer HP, and its predecessor, Hewlett-Packard Age: 67 Kevin A. Lobo Independent Anne T. Madden Independent Chair and Chief Executive Officer Stryker Corporation Age: 60 Senior Vice President, Portfolio Transformation Honeywell International Inc. Age: 61 William J. Stromberg Independent Phoebe L. Yang Independent Talent, Culture, and Compensation Committee Chair Former Chief Executive Officer T. Rowe Price Group Age: 65 Former General Manager Amazon Web Services, Healthcare Age: 56 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Proxy Statement Summary Governance GE HealthCare s commitment to good corporate governance is embodied in our Governance Principles. The Governance Principles set forth the Board s governance practices. The Governance Committee assesses the Governance Principles on an ongoing basis in light of current practices. The following is a summary of our significant corporate governance practices. Key Corporate Governance Practices Majority of independent directors, with a goal of at least two-thirds independent; 7 out of 8 director nominees are independent Annual election of all directors by majority vote No supermajority provisions in governing documents Strong lead director with clearly delineated duties Lead director oversees the Board s periodic review of its leadership structure Annual Board and committee self-evaluations Board-level oversight of AI strategy and sustainability matters Board refreshment mechanism (term limit of 15 years) Regular executive sessions of independent directors Board and committees may hire outside advisors independent of management Clawback policy that applies to all cash and equity incentive awards Prohibitions against hedging and pledging Robust stock ownership and retention requirements Limits on director outside board commitments ( overboarding ) No poison pill or dual-class shares Stockholder right to call special meetings at 25% Proxy access provisions 6 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance Management Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors All nominees are current GE HealthCare Board members. What are you voting on? At the Annual Meeting, eight director nominees will stand for election to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee Nominee Biographies The following information about each director nominee is as of March 9, 2026. H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. | Independent Chairman Age: 62 Birthplace: United States Key Skills Experience Healthcare Industry Finance and Accounting Risk Management Global Academia and Nonprofit Other Current Public Company Boards GE Aerospace Prior Public Company Boards Danaher Corporation GlaxoSmithKline T. Rowe Price Group Other Positions Member and former Chairman, Board of Visitors Governors, Washington College Member, Board of Trustees, Wake Forest University Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, GE Aerospace Mr. Culp is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GE Aerospace. Mr. Culp joined the GE Board of Directors in April 2018 and was appointed Chief Executive Officer of GE in October 2018. In June 2022, he assumed additional duty as Chief Executive Officer of GE Aerospace and became Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GE Aerospace when it launched as a public company in April 2024. He has also served as the non-executive Chairman of our Board since the Spin-Off. As Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GE, Mr. Culp led the industrial technology company s multi-year financial and operational transformation. Under his leadership, GE further focused the company s portfolio and simultaneously improved operations across its businesses by implementing and adopting lean with a relentless focus on safety, quality, delivery, and cost in that order to better serve customers. These efforts built a strong foundation for the successful creation of three independent, investment-grade public companies GE HealthCare, GE Vernova, and GE Aerospace. Each company is an industry leader with extensive global installed bases and a strong services orientation. Prior to joining GE, Mr. Culp spent 25 years at Danaher Corporation, including serving as President and Chief Executive Officer from 2001 to 2014. Mr. Culp joined Danaher in 1990 at Veeder-Root, becoming President in 1993. He was appointed Group Executive and Corporate Officer in 1995, with responsibility for Danaher s Environmental and Electronic Test and Measurement platforms while also serving as President of Fluke and Fluke Networks. He was named Executive Vice President in 1999, Chief Operating Officer in 2000, and President and Chief Executive Officer in 2001. Mr. Culp is a graduate of Washington College and Harvard Business School, and he served as a Senior Lecturer at Harvard Business School from 2015 to 2018. We believe that Mr. Culp s globally recognized leadership, risk management, and executive management experience make him uniquely qualified to serve as our Chairman. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Corporate Governance Peter J. Arduini Age: 61 Birthplace: United States Key Skills Experience Healthcare Industry Finance and Accounting Science and Technology Risk Management Global Other Current Public Company Boards Bristol Myers Squibb Prior Public Company Boards Integra LifeSciences Other Positions Director, Advanced Medical Technology Association Director and Chair of Funds Development, The National Italian American Foundation President and Chief Executive Officer, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. In December 2022, Mr. Arduini was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer in connection with the Spin-Off, and he has also served as a member of the Board since the Spin-Off. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of GE s healthcare business from January 2022 until December 2022. Previously, Mr. Arduini was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Integra LifeSciences ( Integra ), a global medical technology company, from January 2012 to December 2021. During his tenure as Integra s Chief Executive Officer, the Integra portfolio evolved significantly to a faster growing and more profitable company through multiple acquisitions and a sustainable research and development pipeline. Prior to Integra, Mr. Arduini worked at Baxter Healthcare as President of its Medication Delivery division. Before Baxter Healthcare, he spent 15 years at GE s healthcare business in a variety of leadership roles in the United States and globally, including leading the Computed Tomography and Molecular Imaging business, Healthcare Services and U.S. sales. As our Chief Executive Officer and with many years of experience leading organizations that provide healthcare products and services, Mr. Arduini has extensive knowledge of the industry and is uniquely qualified to understand the opportunities and challenges facing our business. Rodney F. Hochman MD | Independent Committee Memberships Compensation Committee Governance Committee Age: 70 Birthplace: United States Key Skills Experience Healthcare Industry Finance and Accounting Science and Technology Risk Management Academia and Nonprofit Prior Public Company Boards Diversey Holdings Other Positions Fellow of the American College of Rheumatology Fellow of the American College of Physicians Advisory Board Member, University of Washington Foster School of Business Dean s Advisory Board Member, Boston University School of Medicine Board Chair, Truveta Director, LeanTaas Member, Boston University Board of Trustees Board Chair, Institute for Systems Biology Chief Executive Officer Emeritus, Providence Dr. Hochman has served as a member of our Board since the Spin-Off. Dr. Hochman has served as Senior Advisor, Healthcare at Bain Capital, LP, a private investment firm, and Chief Executive Officer Emeritus of Providence, a Catholic not-for-profit health system, since January 2025. From 2016 through December 2024, Dr. Hochman served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Providence. Dr. Hochman also served as a member of the board of Providence until his retirement in December 2024. From 2013 to 2016, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Providence Health Services, Inc., which merged with St. Joseph Health to form Providence St. Joseph Health (now Providence) in 2016. Before that, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Swedish Medical Center from 2007 to 2012. From 1998 to 2007, Dr. Hochman held various leadership roles within the Sentara Health System. He is former Chair of the American Hospital Association and the Catholic Health Association. We believe Dr. Hochman is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of his extensive leadership experience, finance and accounting expertise, and healthcare knowledge. 8 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance Catherine Lesjak | Independent Chair: Audit Committee Committee Memberships Audit Committee | Financial Expert Age: 67 Birthplace: Canada Key Skills Experience Finance and Accounting Science and Technology Risk Management Global Other Current Public Company Boards GE Aerospace Prior Public Company Boards SunPower PROS Holdings Other Positions Advisory Board, Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, HP, and its predecessor, Hewlett-Packard Ms. Lesjak was appointed to our Board in December 2022 in connection with the Spin-Off. Ms. Lesjak held a broad range of financial leadership roles over a 32-year career at HP Inc. (formerly Hewlett-Packard Company) ( HP ), a multinational information technology company, from which she retired in March 2019. Most recently, from July 2018 until March 2019, she was the interim Chief Operating Officer of HP. From January 2007 to November 2015, Ms. Lesjak was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HP, and from November 2015 to July 2018, she was Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Lesjak served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of HP from August 2010 until November 2010. Prior to being named Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Lesjak served as Senior Vice President and Treasurer of HP. Earlier in her career at HP, she managed financial operations for Enterprise Marketing and Solutions and the Software Global Business Unit. We believe Ms. Lesjak is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of her significant risk management and leadership experience and financial expertise. Kevin A. Lobo | Independent Committee Memberships Compensation Committee Age: 60 Birthplace: India Key Skills Experience Healthcare Industry Finance and Accounting Science and Technology Risk Management Global Other Current Public Company Boards Stryker Parker-Hannifin* Other Positions Chair of Board of Trustees, Valley Hospital Director, Advanced Medical Technology Association Member, The Business Council Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Stryker Corporation Mr. Lobo has served as a member of our Board since March 2026. Mr. Lobo has served as Chief Executive Officer of Stryker Corporation ( Stryker ), a global medical technology company, since October 2012 and as chair of the Stryker Board of Directors since July 2014. From June 2011 to October 2012, Mr. Lobo served as President of Stryker's Orthopedics Group, and from April 2011 to June 2011, he served as President of Stryker's Neurotechnology and Spine Group. Prior to Stryker, Mr. Lobo held various operations leadership roles at Johnson Johnson, including as President of Ethicon Endo Surgery, and Rh ne-Poulenc from 1997 to 2011. Earlier in his career, he held finance roles of increasing responsibility at KPMG, Unilever, and Kraft Canada from 1987 to 1997. We believe Mr. Lobo is well-qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive leadership experience, finance and accounting expertise, and deep industry knowledge. * Kevin Lobo will step down from the Parker-Hannifin board following its annual meeting later in 2026. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Corporate Governance Anne T. Madden | Independent Committee Memberships Audit Committee | Financial Expert Governance Committee Age: 61 Birthplace: United States Key Skills Experience Finance and Accounting Science and Technology Risk Management Government and Legal Global Other Positions Director, Quantinuum, a subsidiary of Honeywell Senior Vice President, Portfolio Transformation, Honeywell International Inc. Ms. Madden has served as a member of our Board since the Spin-Off. Since May 2025, Ms. Madden has served as Senior Vice President, Portfolio Transformation at Honeywell International Inc. ( Honeywell ), a diversified technology and manufacturing company, where she also served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel from October 2017 to May 2025 and Corporate Secretary from January 2018 to September 2019. Prior to that, Ms. Madden was Vice President, Corporate Development and Global Head of M A at Honeywell for sixteen years. During her tenure, Honeywell made approximately 100 acquisitions representing approximately $15 billion in revenues and divested approximately 70 businesses representing close to $9 billion of non-core revenues. Ms. Madden joined AlliedSignal, Honeywell s predecessor, in 1996 as General Counsel of Fluorine Products and, later that year, became Vice President and General Counsel of Specialty Chemicals and then Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of Performance Materials and Technologies. Earlier in her career, Ms. Madden worked at Shearman Sterling and KPMG. We believe Ms. Madden is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of her significant risk management, legal, and business experience. William J. Stromberg | Independent Chair: Compensation Committee Committee Memberships Audit Committee | Financial Expert Compensation Committee Age: 65 Birthplace: United States Key Skills Experience Finance and Accounting Risk Management Global Academia and Nonprofit Prior Public Company Boards T. Rowe Price Group Other Positions Advisory Board Chair, Johns Hopkins University Whiting School of Engineering Board of Trustees Member, Johns Hopkins University Director, Institute for Islamic, Christian, and Jewish Studies Former Chief Executive Officer, T. Rowe Price Group Mr. Stromberg has served as a member of our Board since the Spin-Off. Mr. Stromberg served as Interim Chief Investment Officer at Johns Hopkins University from June 2024 to February 2025. From January 2016 through May 2024, Mr. Stromberg was a director of the T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. ( Price Group ), a global investment management firm, and served as the non-executive Chair of the Price Group board from December 2021 through his retirement from the Price Group board in May 2024. Mr. Stromberg served as the Chief Executive Officer of Price Group from January 2016 to December 2021 and was its President from 2016 to February 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Stromberg was Price Group s Head of Equity from 2009 to 2015 and the Head of U.S. Equity from 2006 to 2009. Earlier in his career at Price Group, he served as a Director of Equity Research and as a portfolio manager. Before joining Price Group in 1987, he was employed by Westinghouse Defense as a systems engineer. We believe Mr. Stromberg is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of his extensive financial, leadership, and business experience. 10 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance Phoebe L. Yang | Independent Committee Memberships Audit Committee Governance Committee Age: 56 Birthplace: United States Key Skills Experience Healthcare Industry Science and Technology Government and Legal Global Academia and Nonprofit Other Current Public Company Boards Doximity Other Positions Board of Stewardship Trustee, CommonSpirit Health Lecturer in Law, Stanford Law School Independent Board Director, Judi Health Advisor, Brighton Park Capital Venture Partner, Redesign Health Former General Manager, Amazon Web Services, Healthcare Ms. Yang has served as a member of our Board since the Spin-Off. She is currently Lecturer in Law at Stanford Law School, where she designed and teaches a course on business leadership in the age of AI. She was the General Manager of Amazon Web Services, Healthcare, a provider of cloud computing platforms and services, between May 2020 and September 2022. Prior to this role, she was at Ascension, where she served as Chief Strategy Officer for Population Health and as Lead Managing Director of Ascension Holdings International. Ms. Yang previously served as a public company senior executive at The Advisory Board Company, Discovery Inc., and AOL Time Warner. Ms. Yang also served as an appointee in two U.S. presidential administrations in the U.S. Department of State and the Federal Communications Commission. We believe Ms. Yang is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of her extensive business, legal, and government experience, both in the U.S. and globally, and her expertise in healthcare, AI, cybersecurity, digital transformation, and global expansion. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Corporate Governance Skills and Experience Matrix Our director nominees primary skills and experience are highlighted in the following matrix. The matrix is intended as a high-level summary and not an exhaustive list of each director s skills or contributions to our Board. Skills and Experience Healthcare Industry l l l l l Finance and Accounting l l l l l l l Science and Technology l l l l l l Risk Management l l l l l l l Government and Legal l l Global l l l l l l l Academia and Nonprofit l l l l Committees Composition Audit Committee Chair Financial Expert l Financial Expert l Financial Expert l l Nominating and Governance Committee l l l Talent, Culture, and Compensation Committee l l Chair l 12 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance Skills and Experience GE HealthCare believes that the director nominees possess significant experience and skills, as highlighted in their biographies. Below is a description of considerations related to each skill and experience. Healthcare Industry Healthcare industry experience helps the Board in understanding opportunities and risks in the industry in which the Company operates Relevant experience in the healthcare sector Finance and Accounting Financial and accounting skills facilitate effective oversight of the Company s financial statements, internal controls, independent auditor, and internal audit department Current or former role in auditing or accounting, including direct supervision of a Chief Financial Officer or Chief Accounting Officer Current or former role in the finance industry, a bank, an insurance company, or as a fund manager Proficiency in complex processes such as financial management, capital allocation, and financial reporting Science and Technology Science and technology skills assist with oversight of the Company s efforts to leverage new technologies and achieve and sustain competitive advantage in products, services, and processes Current or former role in the technology sector, including on the board of a technology company, or experience implementing business technology strategies, as well as an understanding of emerging technology trends Experience working as a medical doctor or scientist Expertise in digital technology, cybersecurity, digital marketing, or social media Risk Management Risk management experience helps the Board oversee the systems and processes in place to identify, analyze, manage, and respond to risk Ability to identify key risks in a wide range of areas such as industry developments and legal and regulatory compliance Experience in, and knowledge and understanding of, managing major risk exposures, such as significant financial, operational, compliance, reputational, strategic, international, political, and cybersecurity risks for large, complex organizations Government and Legal Government and legal expertise aids the Board in understanding relevant legislative, regulatory, and policy requirements Current or former role in the government or a regulated industry, resulting in insight and perspective on working effectively with governments and agencies Current or former executive role in a governmental organization, body, entity, or institution Public or private sector experience in economic policy development and analysis Current or former practicing lawyer Global Global market knowledge and business acumen provide insight into market trends, macroeconomic factors, socio-political changes, and political unrest or conflict that affect the Company Current or former executive or advisory role in a global enterprise and understanding of diverse business environments, economic conditions, cultures, and regulatory frameworks Other relevant knowledge of or experience conducting business or operations in the global markets in which we operate, and a broad perspective on global market opportunities Experience working on international policy or related issues, resulting in international business, political, and cultural perspectives and insights Academia and Nonprofit Experience in academia and the nonprofit sector provides insight regarding the needs of key customers and partners Experience in teaching or managing in academic institutions Experience as a director of or executive in an academic institution or nonprofit organization GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Corporate Governance Board Leadership Structure GE HealthCare believes that independent board oversight is an essential component of strong corporate performance. We also believe that the decision as to whether the positions of chairperson and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) should be combined or separated, and whether an executive or an independent director should serve as the chairperson, should be based upon the needs of the Company at any given time. Maintaining flexibility on this policy allows the Board to choose the leadership structure that will best serve the interests of the Company and its stockholders at any particular time. Leadership Structure Chairman H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. Independent Lead Director Risa Lavizzo- Mourey President and Chief Executive Officer Peter J. Arduini Why Our Board Leadership Structure is Appropriate for GE HealthCare at this Time The Board believes that its current leadership structure, in which the roles of chairperson and CEO are separate, with an independent lead director and independent directors chairing each of the Board committees, is in the best interests of GE HealthCare and its stockholders. In the Board s view, this structure allows Mr. Culp, as Chairman, to lead agenda setting and oversight of the Company s strategy at the Board level, while Mr. Arduini, in his capacity as CEO, leads the setting and execution of the strategy. At the same time, our independent lead director works with Mr. Culp to set the agenda for the Board and also exercises additional oversight on behalf of the independent directors. Dr. Risa Lavizzo Mourey has served as a strong and effective independent lead director since the Spin-Off. With more than three years having elapsed since the Spin-Off, the Board has determined that Mr. Culp, our Chairman, is now independent. However, the Board recognizes that certain external stakeholders may consider a longer look-back period more appropriate under these circumstances and may continue to appreciate the value of an independent lead director. Moreover, the Board has operated effectively with an independent lead director and believes the role provides significant value, contributes to overall Board effectiveness, and continues to serve the best interests of stockholders at this time. Following Dr. Lavizzo Mourey s service in this role, the Board intends to maintain the current leadership structure and appoint a new lead director after the Annual Meeting. In future years, the Board will continue to review the appropriateness of this structure and consider stockholder feedback accordingly. In light of the demands placed on the lead director, absent special circumstances, the lead director shall not serve as the lead director, chairperson, or chief executive officer of another public company. 14 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance The Lead Director s Role The lead director has the following responsibilities (and may also perform other functions at the Board s request), as detailed in the Governance Principles: Board Leadership provides leadership to the Board in any situation where the chairperson s role may be perceived to be in conflict and chairs Board meetings in the absence of the chairperson Board Agenda, Schedule, and Information approves the agenda (with the ability to add agenda items), schedule, and information sent to directors and calls additional meetings as needed Leadership of Independent Director Meetings calls and leads independent director meetings and raises items for discussion from these meetings with the chairperson Chairperson-Independent Director Liaison meets with the chairperson and serves as liaison between the chairperson and the independent directors (although every director has direct access to the chairperson) Stockholder Communications is available as the primary Board contact for direct communication with our stockholders Board Governance Processes works with the Governance Committee to guide the Board s governance processes, including the annual Board self-evaluation Board Leadership Structure Review oversees the Board s periodic review and evaluation of its leadership structure Committee Chair Selection advises the Governance Committee in making its recommendations for committee chairs Board Composition How We Plan to Continue Developing Our Board The Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing the composition of the Board and overseeing Board refreshment, as appropriate. In fulfilling this responsibility, the Governance Committee evaluates and recommends director nominees to the Board for approval, as it did in connection with the appointment of Mr. Lobo to the Board in March 2026. Mr. Lobo was identified for consideration by another director based on his experience and qualifications. The Governance Committee also uses a third party search firm to assist in identifying and evaluating potential director nominees. The Governance Committee conducts an annual review of Board committee composition and recommends committee assignments to the Board for approval. Our Board composition reflects our intention to have a board of directors with a well-rounded range of perspectives and a variety of experiences and industry backgrounds related to our business activities. Among our director nominees, six are white and two are Asian. Five nominees are men and three are women. Six nominees were born in the United States and two were born outside the United States. With the exception of our CEO, all director nominees are independent and satisfy the heightened independence requirements applicable to the Audit Committee, the Talent, Culture, and Compensation Committee ( Compensation Committee ), and the Governance Committee. We believe our Board composition strikes a balanced approach by including directors with extensive experience across a variety of disciplines that when considered as a whole should provide a significant breadth of experience, knowledge, and abilities to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities. Our directors bring continuity and a deep understanding of our complex business. The Board takes a thoughtful and deliberate approach to its composition to maintain alignment with the Company s strategy and evolving needs. The Board seeks to maintain an appropriate balance of continuity and refreshment and considers director tenure, skills, and perspectives as part of its ongoing evaluation process. Director Selection Process Our Governance Committee, together with the full Board, is responsible for establishing criteria, screening candidates, and evaluating the qualifications of persons who may be considered for service on our Board. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Corporate Governance How You Can Recommend a Candidate The Governance Committee will consider recommendations for director candidates submitted by stockholders. Write to the Governance Committee, c/o Secretary, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc., 500 West Monroe Street, Chicago, Illinois 60661, and include all information that our bylaws require for director nominations. All director candidates recommended by stockholders will be considered by the Governance Committee in the same manner as any other candidate. How We Refresh the Board Board Evaluation . As described under Annual Self-Evaluations, the Board assesses its effectiveness annually through evaluation at the Board and committee levels of the effectiveness of the directors and their ability to work as a team in the long-term interests of the Company. As part of this process, the Board discussed the skills and experience of current Board members as well as skills and experience the Company will need in the future to align with the evolution of the Company s strategy. Term Limits . The Board has a 15-year term limit for all directors other than our CEO. Important Factors in Assessing Board Composition The Governance Committee assists the Board in identifying qualified individuals to become Board members, making recommendations on the composition of the Board and its committees, monitoring a process to assess Board effectiveness, developing and implementing the Company s Governance Principles, overseeing risks related to the Company s governance structure, and overseeing other public issues of significance that affect investors and other key stakeholders. The Governance Committee considers a wide range of factors when selecting and recruiting director candidates, including independence, qualifications, skills, experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives. The Board and the Governance Committee work together to provide that the members of the Board as a whole, and the committees independently, possess the skills, experience, and commitment to effectively administer their oversight responsibilities and to align with the Company s strategy. Directors should possess leadership experience; the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity, and values; a passion for learning; a sense of priorities and balance; talent development experience; and commitment to representing the long-term interests of our stockholders. They must also have an inquisitive and objective perspective, practical wisdom, and mature judgment. We endeavor to have a Board that represents a range of experiences at policy-making levels in business, government, education, technology, and healthcare, and in areas that are relevant to the Company s global activities, as well as a broad array of backgrounds, capabilities, expertise, and perspectives. The Governance Committee assesses its effectiveness in this regard as part of the annual self-evaluation process. Directors must be willing to devote sufficient time to carrying out their duties and responsibilities effectively. Annual Self-Evaluations The Governance Committee considers and develops a recommendation for conducting evaluations, which is then aligned with the Board. The independent lead director has separate one-on-one conversations with each director to discuss feedback regarding: Board composition and structure Strategic and performance abilities Succession management Board interaction with management Meetings and materials Overall committee and Board functioning and effectiveness Collective results are discussed by the Board and by each committee and feedback is incorporated, as appropriate. 16 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance The Governance Committee oversees the annual self-evaluation process for the Board and each of the committees. This process is used by the Board and by each committee of the Board to determine their effectiveness and opportunities for improvement. During the self-evaluation process, each director is asked to provide his or her assessment of the effectiveness of the Board and its committees, as well as other Board dynamics. The Board views the self-evaluation process as a key part of its commitment to cultivating excellence and best practices in its performance. As part of this process, the Board reviews its composition and identifies any potential skill or experience areas it would like to augment, including through potentially appointing new directors or through other means including bringing external expertise to the Board. The Board also reviews topics such as meeting mechanics, director relationships and engagement, the Board s leadership structure, succession planning, important risk oversight topics, and committee responsibilities. As part of the evaluation, each director met individually with the independent lead director to share feedback. The Board and each committee then convened to discuss the feedback and their performance. Discussions focused on the Board s continued engagement and effectiveness, the quality of committee oversight, the range of topics discussed, and the strength of the Board-management relationship. The Board also assessed its mix of skills and experience and opportunities to further align capabilities with the Company s strategic priorities. The Board expressed confidence in its leadership structure and commended the strong performance of the committee chairs. Board Size Our proposed board size of eight directors allows us to have ample representation on each committee. Our directors have experience and demonstrated success in fields relevant to the Company s business and operations, which allows them to provide effective oversight. In accordance with the Governance Principles, the Board determines the number of directors, provided there are at least seven. Director Independence Board Members The Governance Principles specify that the Company will have a majority of independent directors at all times with a goal that at least two-thirds of directors will be independent. The Board s Guidelines: The Board assesses independence as defined by Nasdaq rules. For a director to be considered independent, the Board must determine that he or she does not have any material relationship with GE HealthCare. In addition to applying these guidelines, the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances when making determinations on independence. Applying the Guidelines: In assessing director independence, the Board considered relevant transactions, relationships, and arrangements, including as described in Independence Assessment below. Committee Members All members of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Governance Committee must be independent, as defined by Nasdaq rules. Committee members must also meet additional committee-specific standards: Heightened standards for Audit Committee members: Under a separate SEC independence requirement, Audit Committee members may not accept any consulting, advisory, or other fees from GE HealthCare or any of its subsidiaries, except compensation for Board service, and they may not be an affiliated person with the Company or a subsidiary. Heightened standards for members of the Compensation Committee and the Governance Committee: As a policy matter, the Board also applies a separate, heightened independence standard to members of the Compensation Committee and the Governance Committee. No member of either committee may be a partner, member, or principal of a law firm, accounting firm, or investment banking firm that accepts consulting or advisory fees from GE HealthCare or a subsidiary. In addition, in determining whether Compensation Committee members are independent, Nasdaq rules require the Board to consider whether their sources of compensation, including any consulting, advisory, or other compensation paid by GE HealthCare or a subsidiary, and any affiliate relationship involving the director, would impair their ability to make independent judgments about executive compensation. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Corporate Governance Independence Assessment The Company will have a majority of independent directors at all times, as independence is defined under the Nasdaq rules and determined by the Board. The Board assesses the independence of each director and director nominee annually, in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards. In reaching its determinations, the Board considered that Rodney F. Hochman, Kevin A. Lobo, Anne T. Madden, Tomislav Mihaljevic, and Phoebe L. Yang are or have been employed by organizations that did business with the Company at some time during the last three fiscal years in the ordinary course of business. The amount received by the Company or such other organization in each of the last three fiscal years did not exceed 1% of either the Company s or such organization s consolidated gross revenues. Additionally, in assessing H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. s independence, the Board took into account that he serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GE, our former parent company. Given the time since the Spin-Off and that GE does not hold any shares of our common stock, the Board determined that such affiliation does not interfere with his exercise of independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities as a director. The Board determined that H. Lawrence Culp, Jr., Rodney F. Hochman, Catherine Lesjak, Kevin A. Lobo, Anne T. Madden, William J. Stromberg, and Phoebe L. Yang are independent, and that Peter J. Arduini is not independent. The Board further determined that Risa Lavizzo Mourey and Tomislav Mihaljevic, who are not director nominees for purposes of the upcoming Annual Meeting, are independent. In addition, the Board determined that Lloyd W. Howell, Jr., who served as a director for a portion of 2025, was independent during the period he served on the Board. The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Governance Committee are independent and also satisfy applicable committee-specific independence requirements. Board Committees Committee Purpose and Responsibilities The purpose and key responsibilities of each committee are listed below. For more detail, see the Governance Principles and committee charters. These materials can be found in the Investors section of our website, investor.gehealthcare.com . Audit Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 10 Catherine Lesjak Chair Other Members: Anne T. Madden, William J. Stromberg, Phoebe L. Yang The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in its oversight of the integrity of the financial statements of the Company, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the independence and qualifications of the independent auditor, and the performance of the Company s internal audit function and independent auditor. The Audit Committee s role shall also include oversight as it relates to cybersecurity risk. Among other things, the Audit Committee: Oversees GE HealthCare s independent auditor, including the selection of the auditor, the audit plan, and the budget, and monitors independence and performance; Oversees the Company s financial reporting activities; Oversees the internal audit function, including the appointment, hiring, annual performance evaluation, total compensation, oversight, and removal of, and succession planning for, the chief audit executive; Discusses with the auditor and management key reporting practices (including the use of non-GAAP financial measures), critical audit matters, and accounting standards and principles; Oversees and reviews, with Company management, the Company s internal control over financial reporting and the Company s disclosure controls and procedures; and Establishes and oversees the procedures set forth in the Governance Principles for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints on accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing, or federal securities law matters, as well as submissions by Company employees regarding matters that could have a material impact on the Company. Financial Acumen The Board has determined that each of Catherine Lesjak, Anne T. Madden, and William J. Stromberg is an audit committee financial expert per SEC rules, and each member of the Audit Committee is able to read and understand fundamental financial statements per Nasdaq rules. 18 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance Nominating and Governance Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 4 Risa Lavizzo-Mourey Chair* Other Members: Rodney F. Hochman, Anne T. Madden, Tomislav Mihaljevic, Phoebe L. Yang * After Dr. Lavizzo Mourey s service concludes, the Board intends to appoint a new Chair. The purpose of the Governance Committee is to assist the Board in identifying qualified individuals to become Board members, determining the composition of the Board and its committees, monitoring a process to assess Board effectiveness, developing and implementing the Company s Governance Principles, overseeing enterprise risk management and risks related to the Company s governance structure, overseeing quality assurance and regulatory matters, and overseeing other public issues of significance which affect investors and other key stakeholders. Among other things, the Governance Committee: Oversees the Board s governance processes, including all significant governance policies and procedures; Oversees Company policies and strategies related to political contributions and lobbying; Oversees the Company s environmental, health, and safety compliance and related risks; Oversees the Company s orientation for new directors and continuing education programs for directors; Assists the Board in determining director independence; Assists the Board in overseeing risk management, compliance, and ethical use in relation to the Company s use of AI; Reviews Board structure and composition and identifies new directors for GE HealthCare; Reviews and oversees matters relating to quality assurance and regulatory affairs; Oversees Board and committee self-evaluations; Oversees matters relating to business continuity and crisis management; Oversees the Company s enterprise risk assessment and enterprise risk management policies and processes; and Reviews conflicts of interest, as applicable. Talent, Culture, and Compensation Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 5 William J. Stromberg Chair Other Members: Rodney F. Hochman, Kevin A. Lobo, Tomislav Mihaljevic The purpose of the Compensation Committee is to carry out the Board s overall oversight responsibility relating to human capital management, compensation, and benefits policies generally and specifically as they apply to the Company s executives. Among other things, the Compensation Committee: Oversees the development and evaluation of potential candidates for executive officer roles; Reviews and approves the corporate goals and objectives with respect to compensation for the CEO; Approves the evaluation process and compensation philosophy, policies, and structure for the Company s executive officers; Evaluates the performance of and approves the compensation for the Company s executive officers; Reviews and approves a peer group of companies for executive compensation purposes; Reviews and recommends changes to director compensation and benefits; and Oversees the Company s strategies and policies related to human capital management, which may include matters such as workplace environment, culture and belonging, and talent recruitment, development, engagement, and retention. All members of each of our three committees satisfy Nasdaq s definitions of independence applicable to such committees. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During fiscal year 2025, Mr. Stromberg, Dr. Hochman, Dr. Mihaljevic and, prior to his resignation on July 23, 2025, Mr. Howell served as members of the Compensation Committee. During the year, none of the members of the Compensation Committee was an officer or employee of the Company. No executive officer of the Company served on the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) or on the board of directors of any entity having an executive officer who serves on the Compensation Committee or on the Board. For information on certain transactions involving Dr. Hochman and Dr. Mihaljevic, see Related Person Transactions and Other Information below. Independent Director Meetings The independent directors meet regularly (and, in any case, at least twice a year) in executive sessions at scheduled Board meetings. They may have other special meetings throughout the year. These executive sessions promote candor and discussion of matters in a setting that is independent of the Chairman and CEO. The lead director chairs each of these executive sessions. Key Areas of Board Oversight Strategy The Board oversees management s establishment and execution of corporate strategy. Elements of strategy are discussed at regularly scheduled Board meetings. The Board engages directly with the leaders of GE HealthCare s businesses and reviews the businesses strategic and operational priorities, competitive environment, market challenges, economic trends, and regulatory developments. At meetings during the year, the Board discusses capital allocation plans, the Company s performance against its operating plan and annual budget, and potential strategic transactions with a view toward alignment with our priorities. In 2025, the Board dedicated one meeting to an in-depth strategy review in addition to the discussions that took place at meetings throughout the year. An annual Board meeting focused primarily on corporate strategy and execution provides management with the opportunity to share with the Board its in-depth analysis relating to principal opportunities and risks, and it facilitates Board oversight and sharing of feedback with management regarding execution and risk mitigation plans. In addition, the Board visited GE HealthCare facilities in Arlington Heights, Illinois and Buc, France in 2025. The Board plans to continue to hold at least one meeting per year focused on corporate strategy. The Board also intends to continue to visit facility locations, which will enable the Board to observe the Company s operating culture and management s execution of strategy. Enterprise Risk Management GE HealthCare management is responsible for identifying and managing risk, while the Board oversees these activities. The Board uses enterprise risk management ( ERM ) to monitor significant risks and evaluate management s mitigation practices. The Governance Committee oversees the Company s ERM framework, receiving periodic updates from the ERM program lead on risk assessment and program updates. The ERM program defines the Company s risk framework, appetite, culture, and approach to emerging risks. The ERM program is implemented through the Enterprise Stewardship Program Committee ( ESP Committee ), a cross-functional management committee coordinated through the Global Law and Policy function and established to provide management oversight of ERM and enterprise-wide sustainability efforts. Each year, the ERM program conducts an enterprise risk assessment informed by internal and external sources. Senior management reviews these risks with designated risk owners, who integrate risk management into strategic planning and provide regular updates. When appropriate, leaders present risk management efforts to senior management and to the Board or the relevant committee. 20 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance Oversight of Risk Management Board Oversees the Company s overall risk management program as well as specific risks over which it retains direct oversight Delegates oversight of other risks to Board committees based on their areas of expertise and receives reports from committees on their respective areas of responsibility May consult with or receive updates from external parties on risk oversight generally or specific risks over which it has retained oversight Audit Committee Talent, Culture, and Compensation Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Cybersecurity and data protection Financial statements and financial reporting activities Anti-bribery and anti-corruption Compliance and litigation Executive succession planning Executive compensation policies and practices, including incentive compensation policies and arrangements Equity-based compensation plans Human capital management strategies and policies Board structure, composition, leadership, refreshment, and succession planning Environmental, health, and safety compliance and related risks Corporate governance structure and practices Enterprise risk management Product quality and regulatory matters Cybersecurity The Audit Committee is responsible for the oversight of cybersecurity-related risks and regularly receives reports from management on our cybersecurity threat risk management and strategy process, including on topics such as the impact of AI on cybersecurity, our data security posture, results from third-party assessments, progress towards pre-determined risk-mitigation-related goals, incident response plans, and cybersecurity threat risks or incidents and developments, as well as the steps management has taken to respond to these risks. Cybersecurity is embedded within the GE HealthCare culture, and we are committed to protecting our business, customers, and employees. Information security is focused on serving the global GE HealthCare business by providing cybersecurity services, compliance, governance, and risk management. GE HealthCare has implemented a mandatory annual cyber training program for all employees. For additional information relating to our cybersecurity practices, processes, and procedures, see our 2025 Form 10-K. Digital Innovation and Artificial Intelligence The Board oversees our digital strategy, including the adoption, performance, and governance of AI initiatives in our products and throughout our organization. In collaboration with management, including the Chief Science Technology Officer, the Board regularly reviews the strategic direction, risks, and opportunities associated with digital innovation and AI. The Board conducts an annual review of our AI strategy and long-term planning to facilitate alignment with corporate strategy and sustain leadership in digital health innovation. The Governance Committee assists the Board in overseeing risk management, compliance, and ethical use as they relate to the Company s utilization of AI. As part of its commitment to informed oversight, the Board has also consulted with internal and external experts to stay current on emerging trends in digital strategy and AI. The Enterprise Data AI Governance Council is a cross-functional council co-led by the Information Technology department and the Science Technology organization and includes representation from key leadership roles across the Company. The council supports our Responsible AI Program and reviews and updates AI-related policies and procedures to reflect technological advancements, evolving regulations, and ethical standards. Its work helps align our AI initiatives with our long-term business objectives and stakeholder interests. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Corporate Governance Compensation The Governance Principles adopted by our Board include key corporate governance practices in our executive compensation programs that are overseen and monitored by our Compensation Committee. Rigorous Stock Ownership Requirements Directors. All independent directors are required to hold Company stock, restricted stock units ( RSUs ), and/or deferred stock units ( DSUs ) worth at least five times the cash portion of their annual retainer while serving as a director of the Company. Directors have five years to attain this ownership threshold. Executives. Our CEO and persons who report solely to the CEO other than those with primarily administrative functions ( Executives ) are required to own significant amounts of the Company s stock as shown below. The required amounts are set at multiples of such Executive s base salary. Stock Ownership Requirements (Multiples of Base Salary) Position Multiple CEO 6x Other Executives 3x Individual and joint holdings of the Company s stock with immediate family members, unvested RSUs (excluding performance stock units ( PSUs )), and any deferred compensation accounts, count toward the requirements. Shares underlying unexercised non-qualified stock options ( Options ) do not count toward the requirements. Until the Executive holds the requisite number of shares under the applicable ownership requirement, he or she must hold at least 75% of the net shares of the Company s stock received from the vesting of RSUs or PSUs or the exercise of Options. However, prior to meeting the requirement, Executives are otherwise permitted to sell the Company s stock they have purchased. No Hedging or Pledging We believe it is inappropriate for directors, executive officers, and all other employees to engage in short-term or speculative transactions involving our securities, and they are prohibited from engaging in any of the following activities with respect to securities of the Company: (1) purchasing securities of the Company on margin or pledging, or otherwise granting a security interest in, securities of the Company in margin accounts; (2) short selling; and (3) buying or selling puts, calls, options, or other derivatives in respect of securities of the Company, including any instrument whose value is derived from the value of any securities of the Company. Directors, executive officers, and all other employees are prohibited from purchasing any financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, options, collars, and exchange funds) or otherwise engaging in transactions that are designed to or have the effect of hedging or offsetting any decrease in the market value of the Company s securities regardless of how those securities are obtained. Insider Trading Policy We have adopted an insider trading policy (the Securities Trading Policy ) that governs the trading of our securities by our directors, officers, employees, and the Company. We believe the Securities Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and the Nasdaq listing standards. A copy of the Securities Trading Policy has been filed as Exhibit 19.1 to the 2025 Form 10-K. Clawback Policy The Board adopted the Company s Clawback Policy ( Clawback Policy ) effective as of October 2, 2023, (1) in part to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), Rule 10D-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act, Nasdaq Rule 5608, and Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and (2) in part to reinforce existing principles of the Company that allow for recoupment of compensation in the event of misconduct. The Clawback Policy includes two key components: Regulatory Compliance: Section I of the Clawback Policy mandates the recovery of incentive compensation from executive officers in the event of a material error in the Company s financial statements, regardless of misconduct. In addition, if a financial restatement is due to misconduct, the Clawback Policy incorporates the requirements of Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, requiring the CEO and chief financial officer ( CFO ) to reimburse certain bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation received and profits realized from the sale of GE HealthCare securities during the applicable recovery period. 22 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance Misconduct-Based Recovery: Section II of the Clawback Policy provides the Company with the ability to recoup compensation paid to employees, including executive officers, who have engaged in conduct (or failed to engage in conduct) that breaches agreements, would give rise to a termination for cause, or is otherwise detrimental to the Company, to the extent permitted by law. The Clawback Policy is in addition to (and not in lieu of) any right of repayment, forfeiture, or right to offset against any employee of the Company. Executive Officer Cash Severance Policy We have a cash severance policy whereby we will seek stockholder ratification, in a non-binding advisory vote, in connection with the establishment of any new, or amendment of any existing, employment agreement, severance agreement, or separation agreement with any of our executive officers as defined under Rule 3b-7 of the Exchange Act, where the value of cash severance benefits (as defined in the policy) exceeds 2.99 times the sum of the executive s base salary plus target annual bonus (as defined in the policy). Sustainability As we strive to create a world where healthcare has no limits, we are building and growing a company focused on providing innovative, sustainable medical solutions globally, while incorporating sustainability practices into our corporate culture and daily business operations. Our strategy is focused on enabling access to quality healthcare; cultivating a workplace where all colleagues can thrive; building a more sustainable, healthier future; advancing sustainable practices throughout the product lifecycle; and delivering safe and secure products. The Board and its committees oversee our sustainability efforts, which are aligned with our strategy. The Governance Committee is primarily responsible for overseeing environmental, health, and safety matters, including climate-related matters, and the Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing human capital-related matters, including workplace environment, culture, and belonging. Our management-level ESP Committee is responsible for oversight of strategy execution and for maintaining transparency with internal and external stakeholders. More information, including our Sustainability Report, which provides annual updates on our progress and is aligned to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures recommendations, is available on our website. Board Governance Policies and Practices Our Board seeks to operate effectively through a dynamic boardroom culture of independent thought and intelligent debate on critical matters. We take a comprehensive, year-round view of corporate governance, and our adoption of best practices impacts our leadership structure, Board composition and recruitment, director engagement, and accountability to stockholders. Our Board and committee evaluation process allows for annual assessment of our Board practices and the opportunity to identify areas for improvement. Majority Vote Standard The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast in favor of the election of a director nominee at a meeting of stockholders is required to elect a director, except in a contested election. In a contested election, directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders by the holders of shares entitled to vote in the election. An election will be considered contested if, as of the record date, there are more nominees for election than positions on the Board to be filled by election at the meeting. In any non-contested election of directors, any incumbent director nominee who receives a greater number of votes cast against his or her election than in favor of his or her election shall immediately offer to tender his or her resignation, and the independent directors, after giving due consideration to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, will evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances to decide whether to accept the offer of resignation and will disclose its decision. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 Corporate Governance Limits on Director Service on Other Public Boards As discussed in the Governance Principles, the Board has adopted policies designed to help ensure that all of our directors have sufficient time to devote to GE HealthCare matters. Directors who also serve as executives of public companies should not serve on more than one board of a public company in addition to the Board, and other directors should not serve on more than three other boards of public companies in addition to the Board, absent special circumstances such as a period of transition. We have adopted this policy because we believe it is in the Company s best interests and reflects the expectations of institutional investors. In considering each director nominee for re-election at the Annual Meeting, the Governance Committee took into account each director s public company leadership positions and other outside commitments to assess the director s compliance with our policy. Each of the director nominees is in compliance with this policy, except Mr. Lobo. The Board has granted Mr. Lobo a temporary waiver of this requirement in light of his existing board commitments. Mr. Lobo currently serves on the board of Parker-Hannifin Corporation, which has publicly announced that Mr. Lobo will step down from its board following its annual meeting later in 2026. After that transition, Mr. Lobo will serve on only one board of a public company in addition to the Board. Permitted # of Public Company Boards (including GE HealthCare) Permitted # of Public Company Audit Committees (including GE HealthCare) Other Restrictions Absent special circumstances should not serve as lead director, chairperson, or CEO of another public company PUBLIC COMPANY EXECUTIVES OTHER DIRECTORS AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBER LEAD DIRECTOR An Audit Committee member who is a retired certified public accountant, chief financial officer, controller, or person with similar experience should serve on no more than four audit committees of public companies including our Audit Committee. Director Education The Governance Committee oversees GE HealthCare s continuing education programs for directors. In 2025, the Company provided Board members with internal and external education opportunities. GE HealthCare offers both financial and administrative support to Board members who attend qualifying academic or other independent programs. Educational opportunities provided or offered to directors include the following: Educational sessions at Board meetings on a variety of topics, including a deep-dive strategy session and individual strategy sessions with different regions and business segments and subsegments Briefings on topics of particular relevance, including the policy landscape, tariffs, digital and AI, and external perspective on the Company and industry trends Site visits with accompanying presentations, such as the visits to GE HealthCare manufacturing facilities in Arlington Heights and Buc in 2025 Regular updates from the CEO and other senior leaders outside of formal Board meetings on key information and developments External academic and other independent programs 24 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance Meeting Attendance Directors are expected to attend all meetings of the Board, meetings of the committees on which they serve, and the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We understand, however, that occasionally a director may be unable to attend a meeting for good reason due to conflicts or unforeseen circumstances. In 2025, the Board held seven meetings, and the committees of the Board collectively held 19 meetings. Each of the directors participated in at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of Board meetings held during the period for which he or she was a director and the total number of meetings held by all Board committees on which he or she served (during the period he or she served). Each director serving on the Board as of the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders attended the meeting. Board Integrity Policies Code of Conduct We have adopted our code of conduct ( The Spirit The Letter ), which qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The Spirit The Letter applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. To the extent required under Nasdaq and SEC rules, we will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive officer or director under The Spirit The Letter, or certain amendments to The Spirit The Letter, on our website. In addition, we have adopted Governance Principles and charters for each of the three standing committees of our Board. Materials, including The Spirit The Letter, the Governance Principles, charters for each of the three committees of our Board, and our Clawback Policy, are available on our website, www.gehealthcare.com , and will be provided free of charge to any stockholder requesting a copy by writing to: Corporate Secretary, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc., 500 West Monroe Street, Chicago, Illinois 60661. Conflicts of Interest All directors are required to recuse themselves from any discussion or decision affecting their personal, business, or professional interests. If an actual or potential conflict of interest arises, the director is required to promptly inform the chairperson and the lead director. The Governance Committee reviews any such conflict of interest. If any significant conflict cannot be resolved, the director involved is expected to offer to resign, and the Board will review the appropriateness of the continuation of the director s membership on the Board or any Board committee. How You Can Communicate with the Board Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with the Board, individual directors, the non-management directors as a group, or with the Chairman by sending an email to directors@gehealthcare.com or by sending written materials to: Corporate Secretary, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc., 500 West Monroe Street, Chicago, Illinois 60661. GE HealthCare s Corporate Secretary or Assistant Corporate Secretary reviews and forwards communications to the directors as appropriate. Communication involving substantive accounting or auditing matters are forwarded to the Audit Committee Chair. Certain items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board will not be forwarded, such as: business solicitation or advertisements; product- or service-related inquiries; junk mail or mass mailings; resumes or other job-related inquires; spam; and overly hostile, threatening, potentially illegal, or similarly unsuitable communications. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 Corporate Governance Stockholder Engagement The Board and management believe in transparent and open communication with investors. Our team routinely engages in dialogue with stockholders and prospective stockholders on various topics, including business strategy, financial performance, capital allocation plans, corporate governance, and sustainability-related initiatives. We believe that active stockholder engagement throughout the year promotes good corporate governance. In 2025, management reached out to stockholders representing approximately 50% of our outstanding shares (based on stockholdings as of December 31, 2025) to engage on governance matters. Management met with stockholders representing approximately 12% of our outstanding shares (based on stockholdings as of December 31, 2025). In these conversations, management discussed a variety of topics with stockholders, including corporate governance of AI, executive compensation, sustainability, and evolving risks and opportunities. The below illustrates our annual cycle of stockholder engagement on governance matters. Spring The proxy statement and annual report are distributed to stockholders. Management reaches out to stockholders to discuss items of business to be voted on at the upcoming Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Summer Management reports the voting results of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to the Board. The Board and management review and consider stockholder feedback when selecting topics for fall engagement. Winter Management continues to meet with stockholders and share stockholder feedback with the Board. The Board considers any changes to implement in response to stockholder feedback. Fall Management engages with stockholders to discuss governance topics of interest. Areas of Focus Strategy Governance Practices Executive Compensation Practices Sustainability Independent Oversight of Political Spending As a leading global medical technology, pharmaceutical diagnostics, and digital solutions company, GE HealthCare is working to solve the greatest challenges in healthcare that patients and clinicians face today and in the future. Together, we are not only building a healthier future but living our purpose to create a world where healthcare has no limits. Public policy has a direct impact on the work we do, and therefore, we must work closely with government to advance smart policy that will benefit patients, healthcare providers, and our colleagues. GE HealthCare works with policymakers to advance smart health and technology policy that supports the priorities of the business. Our policy areas of focus include access to precision healthcare; healthcare innovation; promoting public health quality, safety, and security; and global trade and supply chain sustainability. We are committed to engaging with governments globally, nationally, and locally through constructive dialogue, promotion of innovative public policy ideas, formation of novel public-private partnerships, and investments in solutions that help address the fundamental challenges that confront societies. Globally, we support public policies that promote open markets, technology, and innovation. 26 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance GE HealthCare has implemented policies and practices designed to provide that lobbying activities are conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations governing those activities. In the U.S., certain communications with federal, state, and/or local government officials or government employees may be reportable as lobbying communications included in GE HealthCare s Lobbying Disclosure Act ( LDA ) quarterly reports and/or state or local lobbying disclosure reports. Before engaging in lobbying activities, colleagues are asked to contact GE HealthCare s U.S. Head of Government Affairs Policy or their designee. GE HealthCare supports candidates and committees through the GE HealthCare Political Action Committee ( GE HealthCare PAC ), a non-partisan fund supported by voluntary contributions made by GE HealthCare colleagues who choose to participate in the political process. Contributions are pooled together to support candidates who will work to advance good health and technology policy in the U.S. GE HealthCare PAC contributions are determined by the Government Affairs Policy team in Washington, D.C. with input from the GE HealthCare PAC Board of Directors. Our Lobbying and Trade Association Disclosure Policy and our Political Contributions Policy are available in the Reports Hub on the Sustainability section of our website. Please see our Lobbying and Trade Association Disclosure Policy for links to our LDA reports and our Political Contributions Policy for links to reports disclosing contributions made through the GE HealthCare PAC. The Governance Committee oversees the Company s political spending and lobbying activities. This includes political contributions as well as contributions to trade associations and other tax-exempt and similar organizations that may engage in political activity. Related Person Transactions and Other Information How We Review and Approve Transactions: We review all relationships and transactions in which the Company and our directors and executive officers or their immediate family members participate if the amount involved exceeds $120,000. The purpose of this review is to determine whether they have a material interest in the transaction, including an indirect interest. The Company s legal staff is primarily responsible for making these determinations based on the relevant facts and circumstances, and for developing and implementing processes and controls for obtaining information about these transactions from directors and executive officers. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews and approves any such related person transaction. As described in the Governance Principles, in the course of reviewing and approving a disclosable related person transaction, the Audit Committee considers the factors described below. As SEC rules require, we disclose in this proxy statement all such transactions that are determined to be directly or indirectly material to a related person. Factors Used in Assessing Related Person Transactions: Nature of related person s interest in the transaction Material transaction terms, including the amount involved and type of transaction Importance of the transaction to the related person and GE HealthCare Whether the transaction would impair a director or executive officer s judgment to act in GE HealthCare s best interest Any other matters the committee deems appropriate, including any third-party fairness opinions or other expert reviews obtained in connection with the transaction Related Person Transactions From time to time, GE HealthCare sells our products and services in the ordinary course of business to Cleveland Clinic Foundation and Providence. From January 1, 2025 through February 28, 2026, GE HealthCare recognized revenue of approximately $50 million from Cleveland Clinic Foundation and approximately $61 million from Providence in connection with providing products and services. Dr. Mihaljevic has served as the Chief Executive Officer and President, Morton L. Mandel CEO Chair, of Cleveland Clinic since 2018. Dr. Hochman served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Providence from 2016 through 2024 and has served as CEO emeritus since January 2025. These transactions were made in the ordinary course on an arms length basis, and we do not believe that Dr. Mihaljevic and Dr. Hochman had a material direct or indirect interest in these transactions. However, we provide information on them in the interest of transparency. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 Corporate Governance Stock Ownership Information The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our shares as of March 9, 2026 by (1) each of our current directors and nominees (other than Mr. Arduini); (2) each of our NEOs; and (3) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. Outstanding Common Stock Beneficially Owned (1) RSUs, DSUs, and Stock Underlying Options (2) Total Stock Beneficially Owned Percent of Class Directors and Nominees (other than Mr. Arduini) H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. 398,670 * 12,699 411,369 ** Rodney F. Hochman 0 13,611 13,611 ** Risa Lavizzo-Mourey 7,065 * 3,092 10,157 ** Catherine Lesjak 6,024 * 3,092 9,116 ** Kevin A. Lobo 0 0 0 0 Anne T. Madden 0 13,611 13,611 ** Tomislav Mihaljevic 0 * 9,116 9,116 ** William J. Stromberg 0 14,330 14,330 ** Phoebe L. Yang 0 3,092 3,092 ** NEOs Peter J. Arduini 126,411 383,909 510,320 ** Jeannette Bankes 0 0 0 0 Frank R. Jimenez 60,872 85,123 145,995 ** Taha Kass-Hout 57,227 89,986 147,213 ** James Saccaro 49,497 87,964 137,461 ** Current directors and executive officers as a group (18 people) (3) 756,470 874,775 1,631,245 ** * These directors hold deferred fee phantom stock awarded with respect to the common stock of GE HealthCare resulting from the conversion of certain equity incentive awards previously granted by GE as a result of the Spin-Off. Because these are paid out solely in cash one year after the director leaves the Board, these are not included in the table. ** Less than 1%. (1) Outstanding Common Stock Beneficially Owned : This column shows beneficial ownership of our common stock as calculated under SEC rules. Except to the extent noted below, everyone included in the table has sole voting and investment power over the shares reported. No shares are pledged as security by the named person. (2) RSUs, DSUs, and Stock Underlying Options : This column includes non-voting interests that may be converted into shares of GE HealthCare common stock within 60 days, including RSUs and DSUs. Certain directors have elected to defer receipt of shares from vested RSUs until the first business day after the date specified by the director after the last day of service on the Board. Certain directors have elected to receive certain portions of director fees that would have been paid in cash as DSUs, which are immediately vested but receipt of the shares is deferred until the first business day after the date specified by the director after the last day of service on the Board. DSUs have no voting power. This column also includes shares that may be acquired under Options that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days. (3) Current Directors and Executive Officers as a Group : This row shows ownership by our current directors and executive officers as a group. This row includes: (1) 802,132 shares that may be acquired under Options that are or will become exercisable within 60 days, (2) 17,787 DSUs that have vested but receipt of the shares of which is deferred until the first business day after the date specified by the director after the last day of service on the Board; (3) 71,673 shares over which Mr. Culp has shared voting and investment power; and (4) 59 shares over which Kevin O Neill, one of our executive officers, has shared investment power but sole voting power. The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our shares as of March 9, 2026 by each person or entity who GE HealthCare knows to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock. 5% Beneficial Owners (1) Common Stock Ownership Percent of Class The Vanguard Group, 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355 52,535,829 11.5 % Blackrock, Inc., 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001 36,271,390 7.9 % Dodge Cox, 555 California Street, 40th Fl, San Francisco, CA 94104 31,211,229 6.8 % Capital Research Group Investors, 333 South Hope Street, 55th Fl, Los Angeles, CA 90071 24,972,556 5.5 % For Our 5% Beneficial Owners (1) The Vanguard Group Blackrock, Inc. Dodge Cox Capital Research Group Investors Sole Voting Power 33,481,874 29,588,129 24,954,264 Shared Voting Power 545,310 Sole Investment Power 50,488,390 36,271,390 31,211,229 24,972,556 Shared Investment Power 2,047,439 28 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance (1) The foregoing information is based solely on: a Schedule 13G/A filed by The Vanguard Group on January 30, 2025; a Schedule 13G/A filed by Blackrock, Inc. on November 8, 2024, a Schedule 13G filed by Capital Research Global Investors on November 13, 2025; and a Schedule 13G/A filed by Dodge Cox on February 13, 2026. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. The Company believes, based on our records and review of filings with the SEC, that during 2025, our directors and executive officers filed all reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act on a timely basis, except that George Newcomb, Kevin O Neill, and Thomas Westrick each reported one transaction past the applicable deadline due to an administrative error. Director Compensation The Compensation Committee recommends to the Board for approval compensation and benefits for non-employee directors. The Compensation Committee designed a compensation program structured to: Fairly compensate directors for work required given the Company s size and scope; Align director interests with the long-term interests of stockholders; and Maintain a simple and transparent structure that is easy for stockholders to understand. The Non-Employee Director Compensation and Benefits Plan outlines all aspects of our non-employee directors compensation and benefits. Annual compensation is paid to non-employee directors in a combination of cash and equity retainers. Cash retainers are paid after the end of each quarter of service and are prorated for partial years of service. The equity retainer is granted on the day of our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or for non-employee directors who join the Board on a date other than an Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the date on which the director becomes a member of the Board. The aggregate dollar value of equity-based and cash compensation granted or payable to any non-employee director will not exceed $750,000 during any calendar year. The Compensation Committee reviews non-employee director compensation every two years and makes recommendations for any program changes to the Board, as necessary. The review is informed by benchmarking data from our compensation peer group and advice from the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy Consulting Group, LLC ( Semler Brossy ). In September 2024, the Compensation Committee conducted its biennial review. Based on the results, in December 2024 the Compensation Committee recommended and the Board approved an increase of $20,000 in the annual equity retainer to maintain market competitiveness, effective as of January 1, 2025. Non-employee directors received the following retainers and fees in 2025: 2025 Non-employee Director Retainers and Fees Annual Cash Retainer Director $ 125,000 Board Leadership Cash Retainers Independent Lead Director $ 40,000 Non-executive Chair $ 130,000 Committee Chair Cash Retainers Audit Committee Chair $ 25,000 Compensation Committee Chair $ 20,000 Governance Committee Chair $ 15,000 Annual Equity Retainer Director $ 220,000 The annual equity retainer is granted in the form of RSUs. Each RSU is equal in value to a share of the Company s common stock and vests, subject to continuous service through the applicable vesting date, on the earliest of (1) the date of the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders, (2) the one-year anniversary of the grant date, (3) a change in control (as defined in the GE HealthCare 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan), or (4) the applicable non-employee director s termination of service due to death or disability. RSUs accumulate quarterly dividend equivalent payments, which are reinvested into additional RSUs during the vesting period. In the event of an extraordinary dividend (whether paid in cash or shares), the RSUs will be adjusted to reflect the value of that dividend. RSUs do not have voting rights. GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 Corporate Governance Non-employee directors are permitted to make an election to defer the conversion of RSUs into common stock of the Company beyond the one-year vesting date and may elect to receive up to 100% of their cash compensation in the form of DSUs. Each DSU is equal in value to a share of the Company s common stock, based on the closing market value on the grant date. During the deferral period DSUs accumulate dividend equivalents, which are paid in a single lump sum cash amount equal to the dividend equivalents on the same date that a share of common stock is delivered with respect to such DSU. In the event of an extraordinary dividend (whether paid in cash or shares), DSUs will be adjusted to reflect the value of that dividend. DSUs do not have voting rights. As attendance is expected, absent good reason, at all scheduled Board and committee meetings and at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we do not pay meeting fees. Out-of-pocket expenses incurred by non-employee directors for attending Board and committee meetings are reimbursed. Beginning in 2025, non-employee directors are eligible to participate in the Company s corporate matching gifts program to the same extent as all GE HealthCare employees. See Retirement and Other Benefits beginning on page 47 for additional information on the corporate matching gifts program. Director Compensation Table The table below summarizes the compensation paid to or earned by our non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2025. Director Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) H. Lawrence Culp, Jr. (4) 254,930 219,996 474,926 Risa Lavizzo Mourey 180,000 219,996 399,996 Rodney F. Hochman (5) 124,939 219,996 344,935 Lloyd W. Howell, Jr. (6) 70,313 219,996 290,309 Catherine Lesjak 150,000 219,996 369,996 Anne T. Madden (5) 124,939 219,996 344,935 Tomislav Mihaljevic 125,000 219,996 344,996 William J. Stromberg (7) 144,933 219,996 2,500 367,429 Phoebe L. Yang 125,000 219,996 344,996 (1) Consists of annual retainer fees for service as a director and a member of Board committees. Director fees that would have been paid in cash, but, at the election of the director, were received in DSUs, are included in this Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column. DSUs are immediately vested, but receipt of the shares is deferred until the first business day after the date specified by the director following separation from service on the Board. (2) Amounts disclosed in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the RSUs, as applicable, granted to our non-employee directors during 2025, as determined under the principles used to calculate the grant-date fair value of equity awards for purposes of our financial statements in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718. GE HealthCare determines the grant date fair value of stock unit awards by multiplying the number of RSUs granted by the closing market price of a share of GE HealthCare common stock on the date of grant. Unvested stock awards outstanding as of December 31, 2025 for each non-employee director consisted of 3,092 RSUs. (3) Represents contributions made by the GE HealthCare Foundation under a charitable contribution matching program generally available to the Company s U.S.-based employees and non-employee directors. (4) On May 28, 2025, Mr. Culp received a grant of 3,583 DSUs in lieu of his annual cash retainer. The grant date fair value of that award was $254,930, determined as noted in footnote 2 above. (5) On May 28, 2025, Dr. Hochman and Ms. Madden each received a grant of 1,756 DSUs in lieu of their annual cash retainer. The grant date fair value of each award was $124,939, determined as noted in footnote 2 above. (6) Mr. Howell resigned from the Board on July 23, 2025. (7) On May 28, 2025, Mr. Stromberg received a grant of 2,037 DSUs in lieu of his annual cash retainer. The grant date fair value of that award was $144,933, determined as noted in footnote 2 above. 30 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Compensation Management Proposal No. 2 Approval of Our Named Executive Officers Compensation in an Advisory Vote What are you voting on? Pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act, we are asking stockholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to our NEOs in 2025, as described in this proxy statement. We currently hold say-on-pay votes annually. The next say-on-pay vote will occur at our 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Why does the Board recommend a vote FOR the say-on-pay proposal? As described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis below, the Board believes our executive compensation program is designed to effectively align the interests of our executives, including our NEOs, with our stockholders. The Company s compensation programs play a significant role in our ability to attract, retain, and motivate top talent to enable our strategies to create a world where healthcare has no limits. Furthermore, the Board believes the use of a mix of base salary and annual and long-term incentives, along with performance metrics tied to executing on our business strategies and priorities, will result in long-term value creation. Accordingly, the Board recommends that stockholders vote FOR the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the compensation of the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables, and related information provided in this proxy statement, is hereby APPROVED. The Board recommends a vote FOR the say-on-pay proposal GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) describes the compensation awarded to our NEOs for 2025. This includes key elements of our executive compensation program, and the philosophy and rationale behind the Compensation Committee s decisions. The Compensation Committee reviewed and approved 2025 compensation decisions for executives within the Compensation Committee s purview, including our NEOs: NEOs President and Chief Executive Officer Peter J. Arduini Vice President and Chief Financial Officer James Saccaro Chief Science and Technology Officer Taha Kass-Hout General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Frank R. Jimenez President and CEO, PCS Jeannette Bankes (1) (1) Ms. Bankes joined the Company on April 28, 2025 and was appointed President and CEO, Patient Care Solutions ( PCS ) effective May 1, 2025. Executive Summary Business Results We strive to attract, retain, and motivate top executive talent who create long-term value for our stockholders through execution of the three pillars of our business strategy: Precision Care, Growth Acceleration, and Business Optimization, with a foundation of People, Patients, and Culture. A summary of our 2025 financial performance is set forth below: Revenues were $20.6 billion and Organic revenue* was $20.4 billion; Revenues increased 4.8% year-over-year and 3.5% on an Organic* basis. Net income attributable to GE HealthCare was $2.1 billion and Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes ( Adjusted EBIT )* were $3.2 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $4.55 and Adjusted earnings per share ( Adjusted EPS )* were $4.59. Cash from operating activities was $2.0 billion and Free cash flow* was $1.5 billion. We believe that the compensation paid for 2025 aligns well to the financial results we achieved for the year. * Non-GAAP financial measure. See the Appendix for additional information and definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures. Compensation Highlights Our Total Rewards Philosophy Our philosophy is to provide competitive, motivating, and fair total rewards programs including base salaries, annual cash incentives, long-term equity awards, and other broader total rewards programs that allow us to attract, retain, and motivate the right people, in the right place, at the right time to enable our strategies to create a world where healthcare has no limits. 32 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Compensation Executive Compensation Best Practices Our executive compensation program is grounded in policies and practices that promote sound compensation governance, support our pay-for-performance philosophy, and strengthen alignment of our NEOs interests with those of our stockholders. Highlights of market best practices we have adopted in furtherance of these aims are set forth below. What We Do What We Don t Do Pay-for-performance through emphasis on at-risk, performance-based compensation programs Set rigorous annual bonus and long-term PSU goals tied to Board-approved budget and strategic objectives Align executive and stockholder interests by providing a majority of total target compensation in long-term incentives for our NEOs Maintain robust stock ownership and retention requirements for our directors and executive officers, including a 6x base salary requirement for our CEO Conduct proactive and ongoing stockholder outreach Mitigate undue risk-taking by conducting annual risk assessments and capping potential incentive plan payouts Maintain a robust clawback policy that authorizes recoupment of both time- and performance-based awards in the event of misconduct, including outside the context of a financial restatement Retain a fully independent executive compensation consultant whose independence is reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee Maintain equity grant practices designed to avoid grants right before or at the time of release of material non-public information, including through the use of pre-established grant dates Hold annual stockholder say-on-pay advisory vote Conduct an annual review of the compensation and practices of a compensation peer group No hedging of Company securities by employees or directors No pledging of Company securities by employees or directors No re-pricing of Options without stockholder approval No single trigger cash severance or equity acceleration based solely upon a change in control No excise tax gross-ups for change in control and severance payments No payouts of dividend equivalents on equity awards during vesting or performance periods No excessive perquisites GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 Compensation Summary of 2025 Compensation Program Elements The table below sets forth the primary elements of the 2025 GE HealthCare executive compensation program framework. Salary Provides fixed compensation to attract and retain top talent Set at market-competitive levels and reviewed and approved annually by the Compensation Committee considering factors such as benchmarking data and individual roles, responsibilities, performance, impact, and capabilities Short-Term Incentive Annual Bonus Drives achievement of Company s annual financial, operational, and strategic goals Serves as key compensation vehicle for differentiating performance each year Long-Term Equity-Based Incentives PSUs Focuses executives on achievement of long-term financial performance goals, directly aligned with operating and strategic goals, and total shareholder return ( TSR ) Aligns executives interests with those of stockholders by tying a significant portion of executive compensation to the Company s long-term financial success Options Rewards stockholder value creation through stock price appreciation over time Provides the longest-term linkage of the three equity vehicles (with a 10-year option term) RSUs Promotes employee retention while remaining linked to underlying stock price performance Pay-for-Performance Our executive compensation program is designed to strengthen the link between pay and performance by having a significant portion of total executive compensation at-risk and tied to the achievement of predetermined performance targets. Our business-focused goals, which are incorporated into both annual and long-term incentive opportunities, are intentionally aligned to balance risk, reinforce our strategy, and promote an ownership-oriented culture across the leadership team. By aligning pay with our strategy, we believe the compensation program motivates executives to execute on our vision to create a world where healthcare has no limits. The charts below show the relative weightings of salary, target bonus, and target long-term equity-based incentive compensation awarded to our NEOs in 2025. Consistent with our pay-for-performance approach, 92% of total target compensation is at-risk for our CEO, and 83% of total target compensation is at-risk (on average) for our other NEOs. Target Pay Mix of CEO (1) Target Pay Mix of Other NEOs (Average) Salary Target Bonus PSU Target Grant Value Option Grant Value RSU Grant Value (1) The percentages illustrating the compensation mix and amount at-risk are rounded to equal 100%. Actual percentages for the CEO Target Pay Mix are as follows: Salary (7.5%), Target Bonus (11.6%), PSU Target Grant Value (40.5%), Option Grant Value (20.2%), and RSU Grant Value (20.2%). Similar rounding was applied to the Target Pay Mix of Other NEOs (Average) chart. 34 GE HEALTHCARE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Compensation 2025 Say-on-Pay Results At our May 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our say-on-pay proposal received support from 94.4% of votes cast. The Compensation Committee generally considered the high level of stockholder support for our 2025 say-on-pay vote when evaluating and making decisions on the executive compensation program throughout the year. The Compensation Committee did not make any specific changes to our executive compensation program based on the outcome of our 2025 say-on-pay vote. Stockholder Engagement We routinely and actively engage with investors to understand their perspectives and views on a variety of topics, including our executive compensation program and philosophy. In 2025, management reached out to stockholders representing approximately 50% (1) of our outstanding shares to engage on governance matters. Management met with stockholders representing approximately 12% (1) of our outstanding shares, and management shared feedback received with the Compensation Committee. (1) Based on stockholdings as of December 31, 2025. Overview of Our 2025 Executive Compensation Programs Total Rewards Philosophy and Guiding Principles Our total rewards philosophy and guiding principles serve as a clear and transparent framework for considering total rewards designs and individual pay levels. The Compensation Committee considered our strategy, business priorities, and market intelligence and advice provided by its independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy, in developing and approving the philosophy and guiding principles. The Compensation Committee annually reviews the total rewards philosophy and guiding principles to ensure they continue to be aligned with our business strategy and priorities. In 2025, no changes were made to the philosophy and certain clarifications were made to the guiding principles to align with the Company s evolved culture and belonging strategy. Total Rewards Philosophy Our philosophy is to provide competitive, motivating, and fair total rewards programs, including base salaries, annual cash incentives, long-term equity awards, and other broader total rewards programs, that allow us to attract, retain, and motivate the right people, in the right place, at the right time to enable our strategies to create a world where healthcare has no limits. Our philoso