=== GEHC_2026-02-04.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our company is subject to a number of risks. These risks and other risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events, or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS. This summary of risks is intended to provide an overview of the principal risks we face and should not be considered a substitute for a review of the more detailed risk factors discussed immediately following this summary. Industry and Economic Risks • We operate in highly competitive markets. • Our business is subject to the effects of global geopolitical and economic instability and public health crises. • Efforts by public and private payers to control the growth of healthcare costs may affect the price of and demand for our products and services. Business and Operational Risks • Our business strategy could be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully complete strategic transactions or manage our collaboration, joint venture, or similar arrangements. • Our business strategy includes substantial investment in R&D, with a focus on AI, cloud, edge computing, and software offerings. We cannot guarantee that these investments will generate new offerings, attract customers, or generate sufficient revenue. • Our inability to manage our supply chain or obtain supplies of components or raw materials, as well as any interruption in the operations of our facilities, our suppliers’, customers’, or third-party providers’ facilities, has restricted, and could continue to restrict, the manufacturing of products, cause delays in delivery, impair our ability to deliver products or provide services, or significantly increase our costs. • We manufacture and sell products that rely upon software and computer systems to operate properly and process and store confidential information. Our business could be adversely affected by increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cybercrimes, and our inability to obtain, maintain, protect, or effectively enforce our IP rights. • If we are unable to attract or retain key talent and qualified employees or maintain relations with our employees or employee representatives, it could adversely affect our business. • Increasing attention to sustainability matters, including environmental, health, and safety (“EH&S”) matters, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. Regulatory and Legal Risks • Our business operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations, including with regard to the development, authorization and commercialization of our products, as well as anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, anti-kickback and false claims laws, antitrust and competition laws, privacy and information security laws, and applicable tax laws. Any changes to or violations of these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. • We are subject to laws and regulations in many jurisdictions governing government contracts, public procurement, and government reimbursements, as to which the failure to comply could adversely affect our business. • We are exposed to risks associated with potential litigation, arbitration, and governmental proceedings, including product liability claims that have been and may be brought against us. 14 Table of Contents General Risks • Our existing indebtedness, and any additional indebtedness that we may incur, could have important consequences for our business. • We have significant postretirement benefit liabilities and their actual costs and related cash flows are uncertain and could exceed current estimates. INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC RISKS. We operate in highly competitive markets, competition may increase in the future, and our industry may be disrupted, requiring us to lower prices or resulting in a loss of market share. Healthcare markets are characterized by rapidly evolving technology, frequent introduction of new products, intense competition, and pricing pressures. We face substantial competition from international and domestic companies of all sizes, and these competitors often differ across our businesses. Competition is primarily focused on cost-effectiveness, pricing, service, product performance, and technological innovation. Our ability to compete successfully may be adversely affected by factors such as: • the development of new technology, the application of known or unknown technology, advances in medicine, or new developments in the treatment or diagnosis of disease that transform our industry or render a product or product line obsolete; • competitors responding more quickly or effectively to new technology, or changes in customer requirements and industry trends; • the introduction of new or more affordable products or product enhancements by competitors, including products that could substitute for our products or reprocessed products or generic versions when our proprietary products lose their patent protection; • a failure to satisfy local market conditions and regulations, such as mandatory IP transfers, protectionist measures, and other government policies supporting increased local competition; • the application of new or innovative business models to our industry; • the emergence of new market entrants, including those with innovative technology or substantial financial resources, such as startups or established technology companies; • a failure to maintain or expand relationships with existing customers or attract new customers; • cost of production or delivery, whether due to geographic location, currency fluctuations, taxes, tariffs, duties, or otherwise, which may enable our competitors to offer greater discounts or lower prices; • the performance, capability, and integrity of third parties, including due to their financial instability or their compliance or regulatory failures; • the perception of our brand and image in the market; • the strengthening of independent service organizations (“ISOs”) (third-party entities that specialize in the repair and maintenance of medical devices produced by original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), including us) and companies specializing in one or more of our operating segments or offerings; • a failure to successfully enter new or emerging geographic or adjacent product markets, including as a result of pricing pressures from local and international competitors in those markets; • a failure to acquire or effectively integrate businesses and technologies that complement or expand our existing businesses; • changing regulatory standards, legal requirements, or enforcement rigor; or • consolidation among customers, suppliers, channel partners, or competitors. The implementation of localization requirements and the other government policies in certain geographies such as China and Russia creates a risk that, if we do not localize our products or operations to meet such requirements, we could lose market share and experience adverse effects on our business results, cash flows, and financial condition. 15 Table of Contents Our service organization allows us to deliver service offerings through an extensive network of field service engineers, global repair centers, and customer service centers. Increased competition from ISOs and evolving regulatory and legislative policies could adversely impact our business and financial results. For example, in the U.S. and Europe, ISOs continue to seek access to OEM service tools, parts, documents, software updates, and training. Specifically, the Librarian of Congress in the U.S. has authorized a copyright act exemption that allows third-party repair companies to circumvent OEM copyright protections on software in its medical imaging device or system if circumvention is necessary to diagnose, maintain, or repair such device or system. Similarly, regulatory and legislative changes, such as the adoption of right-to-repair laws in the U.S. and elsewhere, could further strengthen the ability of ISOs to obtain valuable service contracts and compete with us in the services area. In addition to affecting our services business, the activities of ISOs could expose us to a number of other risks related to safety, quality, security, or performance of our products. This could increase compliance costs, require changes to our business practices, or otherwise impact our ability to compete in the services and repairs area. Our inability to obtain and maintain regulatory authorizations for and supply commercial quantities of our offerings as quickly and effectively as our competitors could limit market acceptance. Furthermore, our markets are continually evolving and thus revenues and income are difficult to forecast. In recent years, U.S. and some international healthcare industry participants, including distributors, manufacturers, suppliers, healthcare providers, insurers, and pharmacy chains, have consolidated or formed strategic alliances. Consolidations create larger enterprises with greater negotiating power and may result in the loss of a customer where the combined enterprise selects one distributor from two incumbents. Additionally, the U.S. healthcare industry has undergone significant changes designed to help increase access to medical care, improve safety and patient outcomes, contain costs, and increase efficiencies. These changes include a general decline in and/or changes to public and private insurer reimbursement levels and payment models and the industry shifting away from traditional healthcare venues like hospitals and toward clinics, physician offices, and patients’ homes. We expect the U.S. and to some extent the international healthcare industry to continue to change in the future. Any of these factors could adversely affect our pricing, margins, and market share and have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Global geopolitical and economic instability, as well as continuing uncertainties and challenging conditions in regional economies, could adversely affect our business. We generate the majority of our revenue outside of the U.S. and our business is sensitive to global economic conditions. Slower global economic growth; volatility in the currency and credit markets; inflationary pressures; high levels of unemployment or underemployment; reduced levels of capital expenditures; changes or anticipation of potential changes in government fiscal, tax, import and export, trade, and monetary policies; changes in capital requirements for financial institutions; disruptions in the financial services industry; actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt; government deficit reduction and budget negotiation dynamics; sequestration; austerity measures; and other challenges that affect the global economy could adversely affect us and our customers, suppliers, and channel partners. Both the U.S. and international markets have experienced and may continue to experience inflationary pressures. Economic instability could also cause renewed uncertainty in global markets and the investment climate to deteriorate. The imposition of tariffs, non-tariff barriers, and other import and export restrictions have contributed to increased global economic uncertainty. The rise of economic nationalism could make it more difficult for us to attract new customers, retain existing customers, continue to produce and source in an optimal manner, or maintain sales at existing levels, both in the U.S. and in other countries. Geopolitical and economic risks have increased over the past few years in many regions of the world, including in the U.S. Our operations expose us to the risk that increased trade protectionism may adversely affect our business. For example, during 2025, the U.S. imposed a variety of new tariffs on most imports from all countries in the world. This in turn prompted several countries to announce tariffs on U.S. imports. While the situation continues to be fluid, tariffs materially impacted our profitability and cash flows in 2025, primarily the bilateral U.S. and Chinese tariffs and U.S. tariffs on all other global import suppliers. Should the tariffs continue at formally communicated levels, we expect to continue to see a material impact to our financial results through the incurrence of additional costs. Additional tariffs or other trade restrictions by the U.S. or other countries where we do significant business, or other restrictions on specific industries, such as pharmaceuticals, could further materially impact our results in the future. We do not expect that our mitigation actions will fully offset the additional costs or other negative impacts resulting from the tariffs. In addition, current changes and uncertainties in global tariffs are causing volatility in our cost positioning in some international markets. Growing tensions, protectionist trade policies, and tariffs may also lead to a fragmentation of the global economy, operational and logistical shifts in supply chains that may lead to higher costs and longer lead times, a general reduction of international trade in goods and services, and a reduction in the integration of financial markets, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. 16 Table of Contents Further risks stem from ongoing and future geopolitical tensions and volatility and economic sanctions imposed relating to regions and persons included on sanctioned party lists. In particular, the conflict between Ukraine and Russia and resulting sanctions and other restrictions imposed by the U.S., the EU, and Russia may negatively impact our business and financial results to the extent the conflict and the sanctions significantly impact our ability to sell products or services to customers in the affected countries, collect receivables from such customers, or repatriate cash we do collect. Given the nature of our products, we do not believe that the current sanctions and other measures imposed by the U.S. and other countries preclude us from conducting business in the region. However, these sanctions have made, and will continue to make, it more burdensome and costly to serve customers in the region. Under the current U.S. Department of Commerce regulations, we are permitted to export, re-export, or transfer medical equipment and spare parts that meet stated criteria under a License Exception, which has eliminated the need for us to obtain individual U.S. licenses in most cases; however, licenses still may be needed for some transactions. The EU and other countries have also expanded licensing requirements for certain spare parts, services, software, and other items. The implementation of these measures affected our ability to supply customers in Russia in 2025 and is expected to continue to do so as we confirm applicability of the U.S. License Exception to our transactions and continue to obtain licenses. We will continue to apply for licenses to supply to these customers and to support our business in Russia, as required. There is no guarantee we will obtain all of the licenses for which we apply, that any approvals we obtain will be on a timely basis, or that our business in Russia will not be further disrupted due to evolving legal or operational considerations. In addition to the above, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers laws and regulations that restrict U.S. persons and, in some instances, non-U.S. persons in conducting activities, transacting business with, or making investments in certain countries or with governments, entities, and individuals subject to U.S. economic sanctions. Furthermore, the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security administers export controls that apply to products, software, and technology. If the sanctions, restrictions, and other retaliatory measures imposed by the global community change, we may be required to cease or suspend our operations in the region or we may voluntarily elect to do so. Additionally, elections in various countries may further exacerbate geopolitical and geoeconomic tensions and market instability. The lead-up to these elections and their outcomes could result in sharp shifts in domestic, economic, and foreign policy approaches or even result in new or deepening geopolitical conflicts. Future geopolitical factors that have the effect of reducing capital expenditures generally, and for healthcare products, services, or solutions specifically, may negatively impact sales of our offerings and, as a result, make it more difficult for us to attract new customers, retain existing customers, or maintain sales at existing levels. The impact of geopolitical and economic developments globally will depend on a number of factors, including the effectiveness of measures by central banks and financial authorities. Such developments may also result in or coincide with reduced budgets for capital equipment and services, particularly if it becomes more difficult for our customers to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. This, in turn, could cause our customers to reduce, delay, or abandon purchases of our offerings. An uncertain economic environment may also adversely affect our customers’ budgets and may result in pricing pressure, requests for extended warranty provisions, and cancellation of service contracts, and could make it more difficult for us to collect outstanding receivables, especially in emerging markets. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Public health crises and epidemics and pandemics have had and, in the future, may have a material adverse impact on our business, as well as on the operations and financial performance of customers and suppliers in industries that we serve. Our operations and financial performance have been, and in the future may be, negatively impacted by public health crises and epidemics and pandemics, which have in the past caused, and may in the future cause, a slowdown of economic activity (including volatility in demand for our products, services, and solutions), disruptions in global supply chains, and significant volatility in financial markets. Additionally, as a result of such events, we have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, operational challenges from the need to protect employee health and safety; site shutdowns; workplace disruptions; restrictions on the movement of people, raw materials, and goods (both at our own facilities and at those of our customers and suppliers); global supply chain disruptions; and price inflation. We also have experienced, and may in the future experience, unpredictable demand for our products, services, and solutions; customer requests for potential payment deferrals or other contract modifications; supply chain challenges; delays of deliveries and the achievement of other billing milestones; delays or cancellations of new projects and related down-payments; and other factors related, directly and indirectly, to the effects of any public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic on our customers that adversely impact our businesses. The ultimate impact of any public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic on our operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited to: the severity and duration of the public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic; the impact of variants and resurgences; governmental, business, and individuals’ actions in response to the public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic; the impact on global and regional economies, travel, and economic activity; the development, availability, and public acceptance of effective treatments or vaccines; our employees’ compliance with vaccine mandates that may apply in various jurisdictions; the availability of federal, state, local, or non-U.S. funding programs; global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and the pace and extent of the ultimate recovery from the public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic. 17 Table of Contents Efforts by public and private payers to control the growth of healthcare costs may lead to lower reimbursements or increased utilization controls related to the use of our products by healthcare providers, which may affect the price of and demand for our products, services, or solutions. Sales of many of our offerings directly or indirectly depend on the availability of reimbursement and the amount of reimbursement that our customers may seek from various third-party payers, including government programs, authorities, or agencies (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.), and private health plans. In general, employers and third-party payers, particularly in the U.S., have become increasingly cost-conscious, with higher deductibles imposed in many medical plans. The imposition of higher deductibles tends to inhibit individuals from seeking the same level of medical treatments as they might seek if the costs were lower, particularly in the medical diagnostic portion of our business. Third-party payers have also increased utilization controls related to the use of our offerings by healthcare providers. Without adequate support from third-party payers, the market for our offerings may be limited and adversely impacted. Governments and other payers may institute changes in healthcare delivery systems that reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of healthcare costs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for our offerings from third-party payers is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which offerings customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. For example, China has implemented volume-based procurement processes to constrain healthcare costs. Some countries impose drug price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products. Even if we develop promising new offerings, we may find limited demand for the offerings unless reimbursement approval is obtained from third-party payers. Further legislative or administrative reforms that impact reimbursements or pricing could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. In the U.S., private third-party payers, although independent from Medicare, sometimes use portions of Medicare reimbursement policies and payment amounts in making their own reimbursement decisions. As a result, decisions by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) to reimburse for a diagnosis or treatment, or changes to Medicare’s reimbursement policies or reductions in payment amounts with respect to a diagnosis or treatment, sometimes extend to U.S. third-party payers’ reimbursement policies and amounts for that diagnosis or treatment. Decision-making by our U.S. customers is complicated by the uncertainty surrounding Medicare reimbursement rates for certain procedures. From time to time, CMS and third-party payers may review and modify the factors upon which they rely to determine appropriate levels of reimbursement for certain diagnoses or treatments. In China, government authorities control the inclusion or removal of drugs from the Essential Drug List and the National Reimbursement Drug List, which govern reimbursement under state-sponsored health plans. The removal or reclassification of our products on Chinese national or provincial lists can affect the reimbursement or reimbursement rate of our products in China. Any significant cuts in reimbursement rates or changes in reimbursement methodology or administration for procedures that use our offerings, or concerns or proposals regarding further cuts or changes in methodology or administration, could further increase uncertainty, adversely affect our customers’ decisions, reduce demand for our offerings, cause customers to cancel orders, and have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISKS. Our inability to successfully complete strategic transactions could adversely affect our business. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that expand, accelerate, or complement our existing business. Successful growth through acquisitions depends upon our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets or assets, conduct due diligence, negotiate transactions on favorable terms, and ultimately complete such transactions and integrate the acquired target or asset successfully. See Note 8, "Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Other Intangible Assets" for a discussion of the acquisitions we completed or have entered into in 2025. Acquisitions may expose us to significant risks and uncertainties, including: • competition for acquisition targets and assets, which may lead to substantial increases in purchase price or other terms that are less attractive to us, including the use of our shares for payment of the purchase price; • dependence on external sources of capital, in particular to finance the purchase price of acquisitions; • inquiries and rulings by antitrust, foreign direct investment, or other regulatory bodies; • acquired companies’ previous failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; • failure to timely or successfully integrate acquired companies’ strategies, functions, systems, controls, including cybersecurity and data protection controls, and products into our own; • inability to produce products at increased scale or loss of previously available distribution channels; 18 Table of Contents • heightened external scrutiny on acquired IP rights, regulatory exclusivity periods, and confidentiality agreements, or lack of IP rights for the acquired portfolio; • diversion of our management’s attention from existing operations to the acquisition and integration process; • a failure to accurately predict or to realize expected growth opportunities, cost savings, synergies, and market acceptance of acquired companies’ products; • a failure to identify significant non-compliant behaviors or practices by, or liabilities relating to, an acquisition target (or its agents) prior to acquisition; • successor liability imposed by regulators for actions by a target (or its agents) prior to acquisition; • expenses, delays, and difficulties in integrating acquired businesses into our existing businesses; and • difficulties in retaining key customers and personnel. Various other assessments and assumptions regarding acquisition targets may prove to be incorrect, and actual developments may differ significantly from our expectations. In addition, we also regularly evaluate a variety of other potential strategic transactions, including equity and other investments, and disposition of non-core assets or businesses. We may not successfully identify, complete, or manage the risks presented by these transactions, including those outlined above. Equity and other investments pose additional risks, as we could share ownership in both public and private companies and, in some cases, management responsibilities with one or more other parties whose objectives may diverge from ours over time; who may not have the same priorities, strategies, or resources as we do; or whose interpretation of applicable policies may differ from our own. Additionally, dispositions of non-core assets or businesses could involve difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products, and employees, the disruption of our business, and the potential loss of key employees. The occurrence of any of the above in connection with any acquisition or other strategic transaction could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. If we do not successfully manage our collaboration arrangements, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties, we may not realize the expected benefits from such arrangements, which could adversely affect our business. From time to time, we enter into collaborations, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties to complement or augment our capabilities, including in R&D, product development, manufacturing, and marketing. Evaluating, appropriately structuring, negotiating, and implementing such arrangements may be a lengthy and complex process and must meet applicable business, legal, and compliance requirements. Other companies may compete with us for these opportunities. As a result, we may not identify, secure, or complete such arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or on otherwise favorable terms, if at all. We may not realize the expected benefits from these arrangements. We may not be able to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding any such collaboration, licensing arrangement, joint venture, or strategic alliance. This could create the risk of impasses on decisions, given that our partners in these arrangements may have economic or business interests that

=== GEHC_2026-04-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share (1) (in dollars) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced programs (2) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the programs (1)(2) (in millions) January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 — $ — — $ 800 February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 — — — 800 March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 1,401,569 71.35 1,401,569 700 Total 1,401,569 $ 71.35 1,401,569 $ 700 (1) Amounts exclude transaction costs. (2) On April 30, 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program (the “repurchase program”) pursuant to which GE HealthCare may repurchase up to $1,000 million of its common stock. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION DIRECTOR AND OFFICER TRADING ARRANGEMENTS. None of our directors or executive officers adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarterly period covered by this report. 39 T able of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant ’ s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 29, 2022). 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 29, 2022). 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2026, among the Registrant, as the borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2026). 10.2 Amendment No. 1, dated as of F ebruary 26, 202 6, to the Credit Agreement dated as of March 27, 2025, among the Registra nt, each lender party there to, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Ag ent . 10.3 Offer Letter with Jeannette Bankes, dated November 15, 2024.† 10.4 2026 GE HealthCare Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement . 10.5 2026 GE HealthCare Stock Option Grant Agreement . 10.6 2026 GE HealthCare Performance Stock Unit Grant Agreement . 10.7 2026 GE HealthCare New Hire Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement . 10.8 2026 Global Addendum . 31.1 Certification of the Registrant’s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Registrant’s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certifications of the Registrant’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from GE HealthCare Technologies Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language); (1) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (2) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (3) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025; (4) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (5) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; and (6) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). † Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2)(ii) and Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K, as applicable. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 40 T able of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (Registrant) April 29, 2026 /s/ George A. Newcomb Date George A. Newcomb, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer (authorized signatory) 41 