=== GEHC_2026-02-04.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the United States ( U.S. ) Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and any updates or amendments we make in future filings. There may be other factors not presently known to us or which we currently consider to be immaterial that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise our forward-looking statements except as required by applicable law or regulation. 4 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. ( GE HealthCare, the Company, our, us, or we ) is a leading global healthcare solutions provider of advanced medical technology, pharmaceutical diagnostics, and AI, cloud and software solutions that help clinicians tackle the world s most complex diseases. We have approximately 54,000 colleagues dedicated to our purpose to create a world where healthcare has no limits. Serving patients and providers for nearly 130 years, GE HealthCare is delivering bold innovations designed for the next era of medicine to help clinicians deliver more personalized, precise patient care. This is complemented by our broad service capabilities and dedication to quality and integrity with a strong operational culture, supported by our lean business system, Heartbeat. We generate revenue from the sale of medical devices, consumable products, service capabilities, and AI-enabled cloud and software solutions. We serve customers in over 160 countries with a global team of approximately 9,700 sales professionals and 8,900 field service engineers. Our customers are hospitals, health systems, and researchers, including public, private, academic, and government institutions. Our comprehensive portfolio of solutions addresses the biggest challenges facing healthcare today, and is designed to advance care delivery for customers, reduce disease burden, enable better patient outcomes, and drive sustainable growth for the company. These qualities foster trust, loyalty, and partnership with our global customer base. Our revenues, operating profits, and cash flows vary from quarter to quarter. Financial results in the fourth quarter have historically been higher than in other quarters due to the spending patterns of our customers. GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. is a Delaware corporation with corporate headquarters in Chicago, Illinois. On January 3, 2023, the General Electric Company, which now operates as GE Aerospace ( GE ), completed the spin-off of GE HealthCare (the Spin-Off ). OUR SEGMENTS Our business is organized into four segments that are aligned with the industries we serve: Imaging, Advanced Visualization Solutions ( AVS ), Patient Care S olutions ( PCS ), and Pharmaceutical Diagnostics ( PDx ). IMAGING. Our Imaging segment includes five product lines and associated service capabilities: Molecular Imaging ( MI ), Computed Tomography ( CT ), Magnetic Resonance ( MR ), Women s Health, and X-ray. We manage our Molecular Imaging and Computed Tomography product lines together ( MI/CT ) and our Women s Health and X-ray product lines together ( WH/XR ). Our products support providers in the delivery of care for a broad spectrum of clinical specialties, including oncology, cardiology, neurology, nuclear medicine, orthopedics, women s health, pediatrics, and surgery. Molecular imaging enables the visualization, characterization, and quantification of functional processes taking place at the cellular and subcellular levels within patients. The images produced by MI systems allow clinicians to study the cellular and molecular pathways and mechanisms of disease in patients. We offer a complete MI solution from cyclotrons, chemistry synthesis, positron emission tomography ( PET ), computed tomography ( PET/CT ), single-photon emission computed tomography ( SPECT ), PET/MR, and nuclear medicine to advanced digital and AI-enabled solutions. Our MI team works closely with the PDx segment and their innovations and collaborations with pharmaceutical companies. Computed tomography scans render 3D anatomical images of structures, such as bone, soft tissue, and air cavities using an X-ray tube that rotates around a patient. The images are used in a wide variety of applications, including the detection of tumors or lesions, blocked blood vessels in the brain, abnormal heart conditions, complex bone fractures, and internal injuries from trauma. Our comprehensive CT portfolio includes multi-purpose and specialty scanners. Magnetic resonance is a non-invasive imaging technology that produces detailed anatomical images of almost every internal structure in the human body, such as the brain, spinal cord, heart, breast, kidneys, muscles, ligaments, and tendons. MR can also be used for functional imaging, and it is well-suited for disease detection, diagnosis, and treatment monitoring of a variety of conditions, including stroke, cancer, trauma, aneurysm, multiple sclerosis, cardiomyopathy, and congenital disorders. Our MR portfolio includes scanners for a range of clinical capabilities through different bore sizes, magnetic field strengths, and scalable platforms. Women s Health products use X-ray technology to help clinicians screen for and diagnose breast cancer as well as bone and metabolic diseases in women. The product portfolio includes imaging and biopsy positioning systems designed to image the breast and dual energy X-ray absorptiometry scanners designed to image bones with low mineral density. X-ray systems are used by clinicians to perform first-line diagnostic imaging examinations of anatomical structures in the body, such as bones, lungs, and the gastrointestinal tract. Our X-ray product portfolio includes systems for three distinct clinical situations: fixed room radiography products installed in hospitals and imaging centers; mobile radiography products used for bedside or other point-of-care imaging needs; and fluoroscopy products installed in hospitals for dynamic or moving X-ray imaging in applications like gastrointestinal examinations. We also offer a suite of AI-enabled software and applications that help clinicians improve productivity, address staff shortages, and deliver better patient outcomes. These software solutions and applications are upgradable through the lifecycle of the equipment and are especially beneficial for multi-site, multi-disciplinary networks that have complex operations. 5 Table of Contents In addition to our core products, digital solutions, and service offerings, we provide complementary enterprise solutions, such as education and training and data integration services. Our broad enterprise solutions used along the imaging continuum enable us to drive connectivity across healthcare systems and throughout the product lifecycle. ADVANCED VISUALIZATION SOLUTIONS. Our AVS segment is focused on designing solutions that are aligned by specialties or care areas for specific clinical workflows to better serve the unique needs of our customers and improve patient outcomes. The product portfolio serves customers across two core areas: Specialized Ultrasound and Procedural Guidance. Specialized Ultrasound includes Comprehensive Care Ultrasound and Women s Health Ultrasound. Procedural Guidance includes CardioVascular and Interventional Solutions, and Surgical Innovations. Ultrasound technologies are a meaningful component of both areas, reflecting their use across diagnostic, interventional, and surgical settings. Comprehensive Care Ultrasound includes systems that produce images to support precise screening, diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment across the whole body, including liver, thyroid, kidney, breast, vascular, and transcranial applications. These systems include point-of-care and handheld ultrasound devices to support clinical decision-making throughout various care pathways in diverse sites of care. Our systems combine high image quality with comprehensive clinical tools including measurement quantification, workflow automation, cross-modality networking, real-time and AI-enabled scan guidance, and cloud-based technologies with versatility, accessibility, and portability required to deliver care. Women s Health Ultrasound provides systems to support obstetrics, gynecology, and assisted reproductive medicine. These care areas require specially designed ultrasound products that account for patient comfort and workflow constraints to enable practitioners to provide higher-quality screening, exams, and procedural care, and give clinicians images with the clarity and definition they need to focus on early detection and intervention. CardioVascular and Interventional Solutions provides clinicians with innovative solutions that enhance diagnoses, intervention, treatment, and monitoring in therapeutic areas such as cardiology, peripheral vascular, neurology and oncology. Our integrated portfolio of ultrasound systems used to assess the structure and function of the heart as well as real-time X-ray systems, combines advanced imaging, workflow intelligence, and ergonomic designs, to support healthcare providers in delivering care with greater confidence and efficiency. Together, these technologies facilitate image guided therapy across a full spectrum of interventional procedures. Surgical Innovations products are used in the operating environment and include a broad portfolio of advanced mobile surgical C-arms that meet clinical needs for surgical imaging and are designed to be easily maneuverable in operating rooms and adaptable for various surgical procedures. Surgical visualization and guidance technology expands the use of ultrasound beyond diagnostics to provide real-time information during surgical procedures to help guide interventions and navigate inside the human body. Each clinical area is supported with digital and AI solutions designed to deliver optimal workflows and increase efficiency. Technologies like AI-guided ultrasound offer healthcare providers real-time guidance and step-by-step instructions to help clinicians conduct scans for cardiac assessments and capture high-quality images at the point-of-care. Other digital automation and workflow solutions across the AVS portfolio can help reduce imaging barriers and repetitive tasks, increase standardization, and expand collaborative capacity. Clinicians are further supported by our broad probe portfolio which includes specialized probes for interventional procedures. Our equipment, software, and AI solutions are complemented by service offerings that are highly regionalized according to local requirements, varying customer needs, and cross-modality service strategies. PATIENT CARE SOLUTIONS. Our PCS segment serves care teams and healthcare systems across multiple patient care needs including Monitoring Solutions and Life Support Solutions. Monitoring Solutions includes Patient Monitoring and Diagnostic Cardiology. Life Support Solutions includes Maternal Infant Care and Anesthesia. Both Monitoring Solutions and Life Support Solutions include services, consumables, and digital applications. Our Patient Monitoring solutions enable clinicians to flex care based on a patient s acuity and across the care continuum. Our portfolio ranges from spot-check to continuous patient monitoring, including comprehensive multi-parameter monitors; central stations; continuous, wearable, and mobile monitors; transport monitors; cardiac telemetry solutions; spot-check monitors; and visualization, alarm distribution, and care team collaboration solutions. Our Patient Monitoring business includes proprietary parameters and complementary consumables as well as original equipment manufacturers parameters that are integrated into our monitoring fleet, of which a significant portion represents recurring revenue streams. Our Diagnostic Cardiology portfolio offers electrocardiogram ( ECG or EKG ) solutions which are typically the first diagnostic tools to detect cardiovascular disease, a leading cause of death globally. We provide resting ECG devices, stress ECG devices, and ECG management digital solutions, including interpretation algorithms. Our ECG ecosystem obtains, interprets, and stores ECGs captured from devices in both hospital and home settings, supporting patients and clinicians along the continuum of cardiology care. 6 Table of Contents Our Maternal Infant Care portfolio offers products that are used in the labor and delivery department to monitor important maternal and fetal parameters, and in neonatal intensive care to assist in critical care for newborns. Our product portfolio includes neonatal incubators, infant warmers, resuscitation devices, phototherapy equipment, maternal and fetal monitors, and digital offerings, such as maternal and fetal heart rate surveillance software. Our products have added innovation in design, including integrated scales, hands-free alarm silencing, angled radiant heating, and thermoregulation. Our Anesthesia portfolio offers life support solutions via ventilation technology and are used by anesthesiologists and nurse anesthetists to ventilate and deliver general anesthetic drugs to patients during surgeries. Our products are installed in many operating rooms, non-operating room anesthesia environments, and ambulatory surgical centers across the world. Our Consumables portfolio offers both clinical and non-clinical accessories used throughout the hospital primarily with our monitors and therapy devices, such as blood pressure, ECG, pulse oximetry, temperature, respiratory rate, blood oxygen level, and brain activity. Both our consumables and services provide our customers with ongoing clinical impact and protect their capital investment while providing us with recurring revenue streams. Our Digital Solutions portfolio includes solutions that provide clinical decision support in acute and other care settings, simplifying clinical and operational workflows to drive efficiencies and helping improve delivery of precision care and patient outcomes. These solutions aggregate and integrate clinical data from various devices across care settings in real time and simplify visualization to guide clinical and operational decisions, enabling more efficient care team collaboration, virtually. These solutions are interoperable and vendor-agnostic to integrate with customer environments in a multi-vendor setting and provide a recurring revenue stream. Our broad portfolio of connected devices and digital solutions is complemented by a comprehensive suite of service offerings. Our service offerings are flexible and can range from preventative maintenance to comprehensive, onsite biomedical service engineering contracts for both GE HealthCare and non-GE HealthCare installed base. PHARMACEUTICAL DIAGNOSTICS. Our PDx segment supplies contrast and radiopharmaceutical imaging agents to the global radiology and nuclear medicine industries. These agents help clinicians assess patients to enable more precise diagnoses, monitor disease progression, and enable better therapy selection. We distribute products globally that help meet patient and procedural needs across a multitude of modalities. PDx s diagnostic agents are complementary to the imaging and ultrasound devices we offer, including CT, angiography and X-ray, MR, SPECT, and PET, and are also compatible with systems from other equipment vendors. PDx operates within a strictly regulated industry with unique operational needs. Diagnostic agents require a sophisticated supply chain for manufacturing, supported by a global infrastructure of commercial, marketing, medical affairs, market access, application, regulatory, and pharmacovigilance teams that help monitor products. Customers require timely and reliable supply of diagnostic agents as shortages or delays can be highly disruptive to workflows and even cause exam cancellations. Our PDx business develops and produces two types of imaging agents: contrast media and radiopharmaceuticals. Contrast media are pharmaceuticals that are administered to a patient during certain diagnostic scans in order to increase the visibility of tissues or structures in imaging exams. Contrast media increases the diagnostic value of imaging and can be critical in the visualization of small or nuanced areas of diagnostic interest, such as cancer lesions or vascular structures, and to plan medical interventions, such as angioplasties, biopsies, or radiation therapy. We offer contrast media to three imaging modality groups: (1) CT, angiography, and X-ray, (2) MR, and (3) ultrasound. Our business also includes contrast injection devices that are automated devices used to monitor and control the injection of contrast into patients, providing valuable productivity benefits in the imaging suite. We offer contrast injectors through collaborations with third-party original equipment manufacturers. Radiopharmaceuticals, or molecular imaging agents, are molecular tracers labeled with radioisotopes that are injected into a patient prior to a diagnostic imaging scan. These agents work by accumulating in an area of diagnostic interest, such as a tumor, and emitting energy that is detected by a SPECT or PET scanner. Because they have specific molecular targets, they allow visualization and assessment of cell function, providing a more detailed dimension of biological activity. Our radiopharmaceuticals support diagnosis and therapy selection in various care areas, such as neurology, cardiology, and oncology, and are also used by pharmaceutical companies and researchers in selecting target populations for clinical trials. Our unique combination of imaging equipment and pharmaceutical diagnostics enables building capabilities across disease states through diagnostic pharmaceuticals, hardware, software, and AI-enabled and cloud solutions. ACQUISITIONS Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that expand, accelerate, or complement our existing business. Refer to Note 8, Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Other Intangible Assets for further information. 7 Table of Contents RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES Our research and development ( R D ) efforts focus on scientific discovery and research into promising technologies that lead to potential healthcare applications, creating new products, services and solutions, discovery of novel clinical applications for on-market products and solutions, and enhancing our existing products to help improve outcomes for customers and their patients. We employ approximately 11,100 engineers and scientists worldwide, including hardware, systems, and software engineers and personnel focused on clinical research. We deliver value through innovative medical technology solutions across the patient care continuum (including screening, diagnosis, therapy, and monitoring) by leveraging hardware, software, AI, and digital technologies. We engage in and sponsor clinical research and product development through collaborations with academic institutions, medical centers, and other organizations. We occasionally enter into agreements with third parties related to collaboration on R D activities associated with the development of new or innovative products. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY We have a substantial portfolio of intellectual property ( IP ). We rely on a combination of patent, design, utility model, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and regulatory exclusivity period protections, as well as confidentiality agreements to protect our IP. Our IP team collaborates with our R D and product teams to develop product-line-focused IP strategies and secure IP rights as appropriate. We generally file patent applications in the United States and other countries that have strong technology patent protections. We also license from third parties a variety of IP that complements our internal R D efforts and our product offerings. While, in aggregate, our patents and other IP are vital to our operations, we do not consider any single IP asset or group of assets to be of material importance to any segment or to the business as a whole. We rely on confidentiality agreements with colleagues, contractors, consultants, and third parties to help protect our trade secrets, proprietary technology, and other confidential information. We also monitor development and commercialization activities of third parties so our IP rights are not infringed upon. In addition, we make infrastructure investments to secure our IP assets and conduct audits to assess the effectiveness of our IP protection program. We believe that invention leads to value for our customers and stakeholders, and that a culture of innovation across GE HealthCare is a core element of our success. COMPETITORS The global medical technology industry is highly competitive and includes global and regional participants of all sizes that can vary by product line. Because of the diversity of our products and offerings, we face a wide variety of competitors, including a broad range of manufacturers, third-party distributors, and service providers. In the industries we serve, we believe our primary global competitors include Siemens Healthineers, Philips Healthcare, United Imaging, Mindray, and Canon, among others. In our PDx business segment, we primarily compete with Bayer, Bracco, Guerbet, and Curium. We also both compete and partner with various digital health and healthcare AI participants. While key competitive factors and trends vary among our segments, these typically include value, quality and performance, safety, delivery speed, service and support, technology and innovation, software offering, and brand reputation. For further discussion of risks related to competition, please refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors. HUMAN CAPITAL We are a purpose-driven global workforce of approximately 54,000 colleagues with an average tenure that reflects a strong, engaged culture. Our colleagues are committed to serving our customers and enabling them to provide high quality patient care. Our Cultural Operating Principles emphasize safety for patients, customers, and colleagues; servant leadership with unyielding integrity; and fostering a sense of belonging for every one of our colleagues to fulfill our commitment of delivering precision care through innovation. We monitor our human capital priorities throughout the year, including as a part of our monthly business operating reviews. Our senior leadership is a global team of industry veterans with a diverse set of experiences and background together with the skills and expertise required to lead a large global healthcare solutions provider. We foster a culture of belonging for all with high-performing teams that represent the global communities we serve. Below are our human capital priorities: Protect the health and safety of our workforce : Safety is integrated into everything we do, from manufacturing to installation, operation, and service. We are committed to prioritizing safety over delivery and cost. We maintain rigorous health and safety standard protocols across our businesses that are designed to align with regulatory requirements, industry practices, and company values. Our efforts extend to promoting the mental and emotional health and well-being of our workforce. 8 Table of Contents Evolve our culture : We believe that achieving the intentional culture we desire is a key unlock to the highest performing organization we can be. Knowing that culture is a never ending journey, we have aligned the organization around Cultural Operating Principles that represent a shared understanding of how we expect colleagues to work with each other and interact with stakeholders to enable our growth strategy, deliver on our purpose, and create value for our colleagues, customers, patients, stockholders, and communities. Our culture amplifies the value of each person s unique identity, background, and experiences. We are committed to fostering a culture in which every colleague feels empowered to do their best work because they feel accepted, respected, and a sense of belonging. We have objective measures in place to gauge the progress of our culture. Our Cultural Operating Principles are: Serve our people, patients, and customers; Lead with a lean mindset; Empower entrepreneurial spirit; Deliver the future of healthcare; and Winning with an inclusive team. Attract, develop, and cultivate our talent : GE HealthCare s approach to talent management is designed to facilitate strong individual and company performance, foster innovation, enhance colleague engagement, and drive sustainable organizational growth. This starts with attracting qualified candidates to the organization with a strong company value proposition and competitive total rewards. A key pillar of our talent strategy is having senior management-led talent processes that yield succession readiness, strong leaders, and a more engaged, productive, and retained workforce. Ensuring professional development and continuous learning of our colleagues remains a fundamental priority for the organization as a whole. Retain, motivate, and reward our talent : GE HealthCare s approach to total rewards is underpinned by a philosophy designed to provide programs that attract, retain, and motivate our people to fulfill our purpose to create a world where healthcare has no limits. Our philosophy is further supported by four principles that guide the total rewards we provide, which are: Business-focused and differentiated by performance; Ownership-oriented; Competitive, motivating, and fair; and Simple and transparent. Of our approximately 54,000 colleagues, 32% are located in the United States. GE HealthCare s relationship with employee-representative organizations outside the United States takes many forms, including in Europe where GE HealthCare engages the representative bodies for colleagues, such as works councils and trade unions, in accordance with local law. We strive to unlock the ambition of all our people so they can innovate, grow, and reach their full potential. Our well-established colleague development strategy allows us to attract and retain innovative leaders, which is instrumental to our long-term success. SUSTAINABILITY GE HealthCare is committed to delivering products and solutions that build a healthier and more sustainable world for current and future generations. We have a sustainability program and governance structure that is aligned with our business strategy, the priorities of our stakeholders, our goals and ambitions, and our need to adapt to changes in societal, environmental, and regulatory expectations. The Board of Directors (the Board ) oversees management s establishment and execution of corporate strategy, along with our sustainability program and activities. Our Enterprise Stewardship Program Committee, a committee of our management team, works in partnership with our segments, regions, and functions to support GE HealthCare s ongoing goals in connection with environmental stewardship, social responsibility, human capital, and sustainability. The committee identifies and addresses risks and opportunities that could affect our business, implements GE HealthCare s sustainability strategy, and maintains transparent communication with stakeholders. GE HealthCare s sustainability strategy, guided by our Cultural Operating Principles, focuses on the following five pillars: Enable access to quality healthcare for more patients; Cultivate a workplace where all colleagues can thrive; Build a more sustainable, healthier future; Advance sustainable practices throughout the product lifecycle; and Deliver safe and secure products and services 9 Table of Contents More information on our sustainability program can be found in our annual Sustainability Report available on our website (which is not incorporated by reference herein). SALES AND DISTRIBUTION MODEL GE HealthCare deploys a global multi-channel commercial model consisting of approximately 9,700 sales professionals and a network of over 5,000 indirect third-party partners. Our reach into top hospitals and health systems is evidenced by our long-standing collaborations with leading institutions around the world. Our commercial model is organized according to the needs of our customers and includes global and regional marketing, regional inside sales teams, field-based sales teams, sales agents, and distributors. Our equipment sales representatives partner closely with their service sales counterparts to position both equipment contracts and long-term maintenance agreements along with system upgrades and software as a service ( SaaS ) agreements. We complement our direct and indirect sales channels with end-to-end virtual sales teams. Our direct and indirect channel mix helps us expand our market coverage, increase customer satisfaction, and win more business in broad geographies and emerging markets. In developed markets, we supplement our commercial model with strategic account executive and collaboration teams that bring the depth and breadth of our overall portfolio to the senior leadership of our top customers to deliver long-term commercial collaborations, which can be tied to specific outcomes. GLOBAL INTEGRATED SUPPLY CHAIN, SOURCING, AND LOGISTICS Our sourcing, production, and distribution network is managed globally while our products are manufactured at and distributed by facilities serving specific regions. We believe our global scale, complemented by local focus, allows us to provide our customers with improved supply chain security, reduced costs, and compliance with regional or national trade and marketing requirements. We have manufacturing, assembly, and pharmaceutical production in 44 facilities across 17 countries. We use globally managed and coordinated quality assurance programs across our manufacturing and distribution facilities, and we regularly inspect and audit our sites. We hold our suppliers to the same rigorous operating standards. Our supply chain design drives resilience and redundancy, including maintaining buffer capacity, diversifying our sourcing and manufacturing bases, and utilizing advanced risk-focused analytics. REGULATION REGULATION OF MEDICAL DEVICES AND PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTS. The development, manufacturing, marketing, sale, promotion, and distribution of medical devices and pharmaceutical products are subject to stringent government regulation globally. We commit extensive resources to maintain compliance with these regulations. The U.S., European Union ( EU ), and China are our most significant regions based on revenue and the regulatory landscape within these regions. The Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) in the United States, the European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) (for pharmaceuticals) and European National Competent Authorities and Notified Bodies (for devices) in Europe, the National Medical Products Administration ( NMPA ) in China and other government agencies, such as state and local authorities, in the United States, Europe, and China, administer strict requirements governing the design, development, testing, performance, safety, quality, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, import/export, sale, servicing, marketing, and post-market surveillance of medical products, including medical devices and pharmaceutical products. In addition, we are subject to applicable national and sub-national laws and regulations of other countries. Our ability to market and sell our products globally depends upon our compliance with the laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we develop, manufacture, or distribute our products. This requires, among other things, compliance with laws and regulations related to developing, testing, conducting clinical trials if needed, and receiving appropriate marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities prior to commercialization of our products where necessary. We are also subject to extensive laws and regulations requiring ongoing compliance and monitoring of our products throughout the product lifecycle. For example, we have extensive processes and procedures for monitoring the post-market safety and performance of our products, reporting applicable events to regulators, and taking action to address potential safety or quality concerns where needed. In addition, regulators across the globe have the authority to conduct periodic inspections of our facilities, products, and Quality Management System processes and procedures to evaluate our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Regulators also monitor our advertising and promotion of products for compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Complying with requirements imposed on our products and business is an ongoing process as we introduce additional products and/or product modifications and seek to comply with changing legal and regulatory requirements. The time required to obtain authorization to market and sell products varies by country. The ability to comply with global post-market requirements requires extensive and ongoing resources. An enforcement or adverse action by a regulator could limit our ability to obtain regulatory authorizations or impact our ability to develop, market, distribute, or otherwise make our products available, depending on the nature of the action. 10 Table of Contents DATA PRIVACY LAWS. Due to our extensive global footprint and handling of personal data as both a data controller (on our own behalf) and data processor (on behalf of third parties, primarily customers), we are also subject to an extensive collection of global laws and regulations protecting the privacy, security, and integrity of the personal data, sensitive personal data, and patient health information that we create, receive, use, and maintain as a business. Our cloud, AI, edge computing, and software solutions must comply with stringent regulations, including certification requirements, in many of the countries in which our customers are located, particularly in relation to obtaining, using, storing, and transferring personal data, and such compliance is required before we can launch our offerings in the applicable countries. Additionally, our use of AI to support business operations carries inherent risks related to data privacy, IP, and security, such as intended, unintended, or inadvertent transmission of proprietary, confidential, or sensitive information. Among the most relevant and material of these regulations to our business, based on the volume and sensitivity of the data at issue, are: the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information and Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively HIPAA ); the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ( GDPR ), similar United Kingdom ( U.K. ) legislation resulting from the European Union (Withdrawal) Data Act of 2018 ( U.K. GDPR ), and other EU country-level laws; the Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoias ( Brazil LGPD ); the various laws and accompanying regulations in China governing data privacy and cybersecurity (e.g., the Cybersecurity Law of the People s Republic of China, Personal Information Protection Law ( China PIPL ) and Data Security Law ( China DSL )), the Digital Personal Data Protection Act of India, and significant privacy legislation recently adopted in the Middle East and Africa Personal Data Protection Law ( PDPL ) Royal Decree No. M/19 on September 16, 2021. In addition, there are also various U.S. state-level laws (e.g., the California Consumer Privacy Act), country regional laws, and proposed legislation that we monitor for applicability and impact to our business. These laws present a continuing challenge to businesses to structure their data collection, storage, use, and cross-border transmission in a compliant manner. Many of these laws impose a significant compliance burden on organizations within their scope, and failure to comply can result in a variety of sanctions, including, with respect to GDPR, administrative fines for the most serious compliance failures up to 4% of a company s global total annual revenue of the preceding fiscal year. While there have been some recent enforcement actions by EU country-level data protection authorities resulting in substantial fines pursuant to GDPR, there remains uncertainty as to how data protection authorities throughout the rest of the globe will choose to interpret and enforce violations of applicable privacy laws and regulations (e.g., Brazil LGPD, China PIPL). Furthermore, these laws and regulations are continuously evolving, and further clarification in the form of implementing rules, guidelines, and related guidance from the data protection authorities is necessary to understand the full picture of the compliance obligations imposed on businesses within their scope. Additionally, in recent years, the EU has introduced upcoming legislation that would regulate the use and transfer of non-personal, technical data only. SALES BUSINESS PRACTICES. The marketing, promotion, and sale of medical devices, drugs, and services are regulated by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and comparable U.S. state and non-U.S. governments and agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of the delivery of healthcare items and services, representing government s interest in regulating the quality and cost of healthcare. Industry trade associations (such as Advanced Medical Technology Association ( AdvaMed ) and MedTech) increasingly provide guidance on applicable laws and regulations. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies from making improper payments to or otherwise engaging in bribery of government officials. These laws apply to many of our customer interactions, as healthcare professionals in other countries are often considered government officials, and in some cases lay out requirements of how to operationalize compliance with the legal requirements. Countries outside the United States have enacted similar local laws requiring medical device companies to report transfers of value to healthcare providers licensed in those countries. Failure to comply with these laws may expose us to criminal and civil enforcement actions, monetary fines and penalties, and reputational harm. ADDITIONAL U.S. REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS. U.S. federal healthcare laws apply when we or our customers submit claims for items or services that are reimbursed under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally funded healthcare programs, including laws related to kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals, and healthcare fraud and abuse. Similar state false claims, anti-kickback, anti-self-referral, and insurance laws also apply to state-funded Medicaid and other healthcare programs and private third-party payers. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us or our officers and colleagues to criminal and civil financial penalties and expose us to civil liability and risk of further enforcement action under the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute ( AKS ), the False Claims Act ( FCA ), or other healthcare fraud and abuse laws. In addition, as a manufacturer of U.S. FDA-cleared and -approved devices and drugs reimbursable by federal healthcare programs, we are subject to the U.S. federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act (the Sunshine Act ), which requires us to annually track and report to the federal government certain payments and other transfers of value we make to U.S.-licensed physicians and other healthcare professionals or U.S. teaching hospitals. Similar laws exist in some U.S. states as well. 11 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table presents the names, ages, and positions of our executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report. Name Age Position Peter J. Arduini 61 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director James K. Saccaro 53 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jeannette Bankes 55 President and CEO, Patient Care Solutions Adam Y. Holton 55 Chief People Officer Frank R. Jimenez 61 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Taha Kass-Hout 54 Chief Science and Technology Officer Kevin M. O Neill 57 President and CEO, Pharmaceutical Diagnostics Philip Rackliffe 52 President and CEO, Advanced Visualization Solutions Roland Rott 54 President and CEO, Imaging The following are brief biographies describing the backgrounds of our executive officers. Peter J. Arduini . Mr. Arduini was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer in connection with the Spin-Off. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of GE s healthcare business from January 2022 until the Spin-Off. Previously, Mr. Arduini was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Integra LifeSciences (Nasdaq: IART) ( Integra ), a global medical technologies and solutions company, from January 2012 to December 2021. Prior to Integra, Mr. Arduini worked at Baxter Healthcare as President of its Medication Delivery division. Before Baxter Healthcare, he spent 15 years at GE s healthcare business in a variety of leadership roles in the United States and globally, including leading the Computed Tomography and Molecular Imaging business, Healthcare Services, and U.S. sales. Mr. Arduini serves on the boards of the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE: BMY), where he serves as chair of the compensation and management development committee; AdvaMed, where he served as Chairman of the Board from January 2024 until January 2026; and the National Italian American Foundation. James K. Saccaro . Mr. Saccaro has served as our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since June 2023. Previously, Mr. Saccaro served as the Chief Financial Officer of Baxter International Inc. (NYSE: BAX) ( Baxter ), a multinational healthcare company, starting in 2015. He held a variety of positions of increasing responsibility at Baxter from 2002 through 2013, including Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis; Vice President of Finance for Baxter s operations in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa; Vice President of Strategy; and Corporate Vice President and Treasurer. Mr. Saccaro served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. from 2013 to 2014 prior to rejoining Baxter as Special Assistant to the Chief Executive Officer in 2014. Prior to 2002, he held strategy and business development positions at Clear Channel Communications and The Walt Disney Company. Jeannette Bankes . Ms. Bankes has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Patient Care Solutions since May 2025. Previously, Ms. Bankes served as President, Global Franchises at Alcon Inc. (NYSE: ALC), a global manufacturer of vision care products and surgical equipment, from March 2019 to April 2025. Ms. Bankes has served on the board of Aurion Biotech, a clinical-stage regenerative medicine company, since February 2025 and served on the board of Atrion Corp. (Nasdaq: ATRI), a manufacturer of medical application products, from September 2023 to August 2024 and on the board of Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (Nasdaq: APEN), a medical technology company, from April 2022 to April 2023. Adam Y. Holton . Mr. Holton has served as our Chief People Officer since June 2024. Previously, Mr. Holton served as Chief People Officer of Amedisys, a home health company, from October 2022 to June 2024. Prior to that role, he served as Chief Human Resources Officer at Numotion, a provider of rehab technology, from February 2019 to October 2022. Mr. Holton also previously worked as Senior Vice President of Human Resources at USAA, a financial services company, and as Chief Human Resources Officer at CHS Inc., a Fortune-100 agricultural cooperative. Earlier in his career, Mr. Holton worked at GE, including GE s healthcare business. He has served on the Board of Sierra Delta since February 2018 and served as Board Chair from November 2018 until November 2023. Frank R. Jimenez . Mr. Jimenez has served as our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since the Spin-Off. He served as the General Counsel of GE s healthcare business from February 2022 until the Spin-Off. Previously, Mr. Jimenez served as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Raytheon Company, a defense contractor, from January 2015 to April 2020 and, following Raytheon s merger with United Technologies Corporation, as Executive Vice President and General Counsel (April 2020 to December 2021) and Special Advisor to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (December 2021 to February 2022) of Raytheon Technologies Corporation, an aerospace and defense company. In prior public company positions, Mr. Jimenez served as General Counsel of Bunge Limited, ITT Corporation, and ITT spin-off Xylem Inc. In prior public service positions, Mr. Jimenez served as General Counsel of the Navy, Deputy General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Defense, Principal Deputy General Counsel of the Navy, Chief of Staff at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Deputy Chief of Staff and Acting General Counsel for former Florida Governor Jeb Bush. He was previously a litigation partner at Steel Hector Davis LLP (now Squire Patton Boggs LLP). Mr. Jimenez serves on the boards of Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE: HII), where he serves on the compensation committee and the governance and policy committee; the Ann Robert H. Lurie Children s Hospital of Chicago and Medical Center, where he serves on the audit committee; Equal Justice Works, where he serves as Chairman; and the Executive Committee of the Yale Law School Association, where he serves as President. He also serves on the advisory boards of the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health and the Yale Law School Center for the Study of Corporate Law, as well as on the University of Miami President s Council. 12 Table of Contents Taha Kass-Hout . Dr. Taha Kass-Hout, MD, MS, has served as GE HealthCare s Global Chief Science and Technology Officer since January 2023. Merging his background in interventional cardiology with AI and machine learning, he is driving advancements in AI-based medical imaging, diagnostics, and health system operational efficiency. Prior to his role at GE HealthCare, Dr. Kass-Hout served as Vice President of Machine Learning, Distinguished Engineer, and Chief Medical Officer at Amazon from May 2017 to January 2023, where he led the company s health AI strategy, technologies, and solutions, including Amazon Comprehend Medical, AWS HealthLake, and Amazon Pharmacy. He also played a critical role in establishing Amazon s COVID-19 diagnostics lab, including Amazon s first U.S. FDA authorization for testing its associates globally later offered to the public for at-home testing. From 2013 to 2016, Dr. Kass-Hout was the first Chief Health Informatics Officer at the FDA, where he championed data transparency through initiatives including openFDA and precisionFDA. Dr. Kass-Hout was appointed as the first Chair of the AdvaMed Digital Health Tech Division Board of Directors, a position he held from October 2023 until January 2026. Kevin M. O Neill . Mr. O Neill has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Pharmaceutical Diagnostics since the Spin-Off. He served as Chief Executive Officer, Pharmaceutical Diagnostics of GE s healthcare business from July 2017 until the Spin-Off and served as President and Chief Executive Officer, GE U.K. and Ireland, from January 2018 until the Spin-Off. From August 2013 to January 2018, he was the Chief Financial Officer of the Life Sciences division of GE s healthcare business. Mr. O Neill has over 25 years of experience with GE, beginning in the Energy services business in the U.K. and U.S. followed by a series of chief financial officer roles in GE s healthcare business, including in the Life Sciences business, supply chain, Western Europe, and the PDx business. Prior to joining GE, Mr. O Neill was Financial Controller for Eurostar, the European high-speed train operator. Philip Rackliffe . Mr. Rackliffe has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Advanced Visualization Solutions since July 2024. Previously, Mr. Rackliffe served as President and Chief Executive Officer of our Image Guided Therapies business from August 2022 to June 2024. From October 2019 to August 2022, Mr. Rackliffe served as the Chief Executive Officer of Centerline Biomedical, a biomedical device and imaging company. He has over 25 years of global experience in medtech, medical device, imaging and pharmaceutical companies, both public and private, including Baxter, Boston Scientific, and Pfizer. Roland Rott . Mr. Rott has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Imaging since July 2024. Prior to that, Mr. Rott served as our Chief Executive Officer, Ultrasound from the Spin-Off to June 2024. He served as Chief Executive Officer, Ultrasound of GE s healthcare business from April 2021 until the Spin-Off. Mr. Rott joined GE s healthcare business in 2011 and held several leadership roles, including in the global Women s Health Ultrasound and Ultrasound IT segments as well as Maternal Infant Care. Before joining GE, Mr. Rott was Managing Director, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa and Asia Pacific, and Executive Board Member of Exact Holding. In his early career, he had an entrepreneurial start, founding and successfully exiting two software companies in Austria. ETHICS AND GOVERNANCE We have adopted The Spirit The Letter (GE HealthCare s code of conduct), which qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The code applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics is available free of charge on our website, gehealthcare.com, and will be provided free of charge to any stockholder submitting a written request to: Corporate Secretary, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc., 500 W. Monroe Street, Chicago, IL 60661. We will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive officer or director under our code of ethics, or certain amendments to the code of ethics, on our website. In addition, we have adopted Governance Principles and charters for each of the three standing committees of our Board. All of these materials are available on our web site, gehealthcare.com, and will be provided free of charge to any stockholder requesting a copy by writing to: Corporate Secretary, GE HealthCare Technologies Inc., 500 W. Monroe Street, Chicago, IL 60661. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT GE HEALTHCARE GE HealthCare s Internet address is gehealthcare.com, and our Investor Relations website is investor.gehealthcare.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are available, without charge, on our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC. Reports filed with the SEC may be viewed at sec.gov. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our company is subject to a number of risks. These risks and other risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events, or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS. This summary of risks is intended to provide an overview of the principal risks we face and should not be considered a substitute for a review of the more detailed risk factors discussed immediately following this summary. Industry and Economic Risks We operate in highly competitive markets. Our business is subject to the effects of global geopolitical and economic instability and public health crises. Efforts by public and private payers to control the growth of healthcare costs may affect the price of and demand for our products and services. Business and Operational Risks Our business strategy could be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully complete strategic transactions or manage our collaboration, joint venture, or similar arrangements. Our business strategy includes substantial investment in R D, with a focus on AI, cloud, edge computing, and software offerings. We cannot guarantee that these investments will generate new offerings, attract customers, or generate sufficient revenue. Our inability to manage our supply chain or obtain supplies of components or raw materials, as well as any interruption in the operations of our facilities, our suppliers , customers , or third-party providers facilities, has restricted, and could continue to restrict, the manufacturing of products, cause delays in delivery, impair our ability to deliver products or provide services, or significantly increase our costs. We manufacture and sell products that rely upon software and computer systems to operate properly and process and store confidential information. Our business could be adversely affected by increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cybercrimes, and our inability to obtain, maintain, protect, or effectively enforce our IP rights. If we are unable to attract or retain key talent and qualified employees or maintain relations with our employees or employee representatives, it could adversely affect our business. Increasing attention to sustainability matters, including environmental, health, and safety ( EH S ) matters, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. Regulatory and Legal Risks Our business operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations, including with regard to the development, authorization and commercialization of our products, as well as anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, anti-kickback and false claims laws, antitrust and competition laws, privacy and information security laws, and applicable tax laws. Any changes to or violations of these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are subject to laws and regulations in many jurisdictions governing government contracts, public procurement, and government reimbursements, as to which the failure to comply could adversely affect our business. We are exposed to risks associated with potential litigation, arbitration, and governmental proceedings, including product liability claims that have been and may be brought against us. 14 Table of Contents General Risks Our existing indebtedness, and any additional indebtedness that we may incur, could have important consequences for our business. We have significant postretirement benefit liabilities and their actual costs and related cash flows are uncertain and could exceed current estimates. INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC RISKS. We operate in highly competitive markets, competition may increase in the future, and our industry may be disrupted, requiring us to lower prices or resulting in a loss of market share. Healthcare markets are characterized by rapidly evolving technology, frequent introduction of new products, intense competition, and pricing pressures. We face substantial competition from international and domestic companies of all sizes, and these competitors often differ across our businesses. Competition is primarily focused on cost-effectiveness, pricing, service, product performance, and technological innovation. Our ability to compete successfully may be adversely affected by factors such as: the development of new technology, the application of known or unknown technology, advances in medicine, or new developments in the treatment or diagnosis of disease that transform our industry or render a product or product line obsolete; competitors responding more quickly or effectively to new technology, or changes in customer requirements and industry trends; the introduction of new or more affordable products or product enhancements by competitors, including products that could substitute for our products or reprocessed products or generic versions when our proprietary products lose their patent protection; a failure to satisfy local market conditions and regulations, such as mandatory IP transfers, protectionist measures, and other government policies supporting increased local competition; the application of new or innovative business models to our industry; the emergence of new market entrants, including those with innovative technology or substantial financial resources, such as startups or established technology companies; a failure to maintain or expand relationships with existing customers or attract new customers; cost of production or delivery, whether due to geographic location, currency fluctuations, taxes, tariffs, duties, or otherwise, which may enable our competitors to offer greater discounts or lower prices; the performance, capability, and integrity of third parties, including due to their financial instability or their compliance or regulatory failures; the perception of our brand and image in the market; the strengthening of independent service organizations ( ISOs ) (third-party entities that specialize in the repair and maintenance of medical devices produced by original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ), including us) and companies specializing in one or more of our operating segments or offerings; a failure to successfully enter new or emerging geographic or adjacent product markets, including as a result of pricing pressures from local and international competitors in those markets; a failure to acquire or effectively integrate businesses and technologies that complement or expand our existing businesses; changing regulatory standards, legal requirements, or enforcement rigor; or consolidation among customers, suppliers, channel partners, or competitors. The implementation of localization requirements and the other government policies in certain geographies such as China and Russia creates a risk that, if we do not localize our products or operations to meet such requirements, we could lose market share and experience adverse effects on our business results, cash flows, and financial condition. 15 Table of Contents Our service organization allows us to deliver service offerings through an extensive network of field service engineers, global repair centers, and customer service centers. Increased competition from ISOs and evolving regulatory and legislative policies could adversely impact our business and financial results. For example, in the U.S. and Europe, ISOs continue to seek access to OEM service tools, parts, documents, software updates, and training. Specifically, the Librarian of Congress in the U.S. has authorized a copyright act exemption that allows third-party repair companies to circumvent OEM copyright protections on software in its medical imaging device or system if circumvention is necessary to diagnose, maintain, or repair such device or system. Similarly, regulatory and legislative changes, such as the adoption of right-to-repair laws in the U.S. and elsewhere, could further strengthen the ability of ISOs to obtain valuable service contracts and compete with us in the services area. In addition to affecting our services business, the activities of ISOs could expose us to a number of other risks related to safety, quality, security, or performance of our products. This could increase compliance costs, require changes to our business practices, or otherwise impact our ability to compete in the services and repairs area. Our inability to obtain and maintain regulatory authorizations for and supply commercial quantities of our offerings as quickly and effectively as our competitors could limit market acceptance. Furthermore, our markets are continually evolving and thus revenues and income are difficult to forecast. In recent years, U.S. and some international healthcare industry participants, including distributors, manufacturers, suppliers, healthcare providers, insurers, and pharmacy chains, have consolidated or formed strategic alliances. Consolidations create larger enterprises with greater negotiating power and may result in the loss of a customer where the combined enterprise selects one distributor from two incumbents. Additionally, the U.S. healthcare industry has undergone significant changes designed to help increase access to medical care, improve safety and patient outcomes, contain costs, and increase efficiencies. These changes include a general decline in and/or changes to public and private insurer reimbursement levels and payment models and the industry shifting away from traditional healthcare venues like hospitals and toward clinics, physician offices, and patients homes. We expect the U.S. and to some extent the international healthcare industry to continue to change in the future. Any of these factors could adversely affect our pricing, margins, and market share and have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Global geopolitical and economic instability, as well as continuing uncertainties and challenging conditions in regional economies, could adversely affect our business. We generate the majority of our revenue outside of the U.S. and our business is sensitive to global economic conditions. Slower global economic growth; volatility in the currency and credit markets; inflationary pressures; high levels of unemployment or underemployment; reduced levels of capital expenditures; changes or anticipation of potential changes in government fiscal, tax, import and export, trade, and monetary policies; changes in capital requirements for financial institutions; disruptions in the financial services industry; actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt; government deficit reduction and budget negotiation dynamics; sequestration; austerity measures; and other challenges that affect the global economy could adversely affect us and our customers, suppliers, and channel partners. Both the U.S. and international markets have experienced and may continue to experience inflationary pressures. Economic instability could also cause renewed uncertainty in global markets and the investment climate to deteriorate. The imposition of tariffs, non-tariff barriers, and other import and export restrictions have contributed to increased global economic uncertainty. The rise of economic nationalism could make it more difficult for us to attract new customers, retain existing customers, continue to produce and source in an optimal manner, or maintain sales at existing levels, both in the U.S. and in other countries. Geopolitical and economic risks have increased over the past few years in many regions of the world, including in the U.S. Our operations expose us to the risk that increased trade protectionism may adversely affect our business. For example, during 2025, the U.S. imposed a variety of new tariffs on most imports from all countries in the world. This in turn prompted several countries to announce tariffs on U.S. imports. While the situation continues to be fluid, tariffs materially impacted our profitability and cash flows in 2025, primarily the bilateral U.S. and Chinese tariffs and U.S. tariffs on all other global import suppliers. Should the tariffs continue at formally communicated levels, we expect to continue to see a material impact to our financial results through the incurrence of additional costs. Additional tariffs or other trade restrictions by the U.S. or other countries where we do significant business, or other restrictions on specific industries, such as pharmaceuticals, could further materially impact our results in the future. We do not expect that our mitigation actions will fully offset the additional costs or other negative impacts resulting from the tariffs. In addition, current changes and uncertainties in global tariffs are causing volatility in our cost positioning in some international markets. Growing tensions, protectionist trade policies, and tariffs may also lead to a fragmentation of the global economy, operational and logistical shifts in supply chains that may lead to higher costs and longer lead times, a general reduction of international trade in goods and services, and a reduction in the integration of financial markets, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. 16 Table of Contents Further risks stem from ongoing and future geopolitical tensions and volatility and economic sanctions imposed relating to regions and persons included on sanctioned party lists. In particular, the conflict between Ukraine and Russia and resulting sanctions and other restrictions imposed by the U.S., the EU, and Russia may negatively impact our business and financial results to the extent the conflict and the sanctions significantly impact our ability to sell products or services to customers in the affected countries, collect receivables from such customers, or repatriate cash we do collect. Given the nature of our products, we do not believe that the current sanctions and other measures imposed by the U.S. and other countries preclude us from conducting business in the region. However, these sanctions have made, and will continue to make, it more burdensome and costly to serve customers in the region. Under the current U.S. Department of Commerce regulations, we are permitted to export, re-export, or transfer medical equipment and spare parts that meet stated criteria under a License Exception, which has eliminated the need for us to obtain individual U.S. licenses in most cases; however, licenses still may be needed for some transactions. The EU and other countries have also expanded licensing requirements for certain spare parts, services, software, and other items. The implementation of these measures affected our ability to supply customers in Russia in 2025 and is expected to continue to do so as we confirm applicability of the U.S. License Exception to our transactions and continue to obtain licenses. We will continue to apply for licenses to supply to these customers and to support our business in Russia, as required. There is no guarantee we will obtain all of the licenses for which we apply, that any approvals we obtain will be on a timely basis, or that our business in Russia will not be further disrupted due to evolving legal or operational considerations. In addition to the above, the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers laws and regulations that restrict U.S. persons and, in some instances, non-U.S. persons in conducting activities, transacting business with, or making investments in certain countries or with governments, entities, and individuals subject to U.S. economic sanctions. Furthermore, the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security administers export controls that apply to products, software, and technology. If the sanctions, restrictions, and other retaliatory measures imposed by the global community change, we may be required to cease or suspend our operations in the region or we may voluntarily elect to do so. Additionally, elections in various countries may further exacerbate geopolitical and geoeconomic tensions and market instability. The lead-up to these elections and their outcomes could result in sharp shifts in domestic, economic, and foreign policy approaches or even result in new or deepening geopolitical conflicts. Future geopolitical factors that have the effect of reducing capital expenditures generally, and for healthcare products, services, or solutions specifically, may negatively impact sales of our offerings and, as a result, make it more difficult for us to attract new customers, retain existing customers, or maintain sales at existing levels. The impact of geopolitical and economic developments globally will depend on a number of factors, including the effectiveness of measures by central banks and financial authorities. Such developments may also result in or coincide with reduced budgets for capital equipment and services, particularly if it becomes more difficult for our customers to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. This, in turn, could cause our customers to reduce, delay, or abandon purchases of our offerings. An uncertain economic environment may also adversely affect our customers budgets and may result in pricing pressure, requests for extended warranty provisions, and cancellation of service contracts, and could make it more difficult for us to collect outstanding receivables, especially in emerging markets. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Public health crises and epidemics and pandemics have had and, in the future, may have a material adverse impact on our business, as well as on the operations and financial performance of customers and suppliers in industries that we serve. Our operations and financial performance have been, and in the future may be, negatively impacted by public health crises and epidemics and pandemics, which have in the past caused, and may in the future cause, a slowdown of economic activity (including volatility in demand for our products, services, and solutions), disruptions in global supply chains, and significant volatility in financial markets. Additionally, as a result of such events, we have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, operational challenges from the need to protect employee health and safety; site shutdowns; workplace disruptions; restrictions on the movement of people, raw materials, and goods (both at our own facilities and at those of our customers and suppliers); global supply chain disruptions; and price inflation. We also have experienced, and may in the future experience, unpredictable demand for our products, services, and solutions; customer requests for potential payment deferrals or other contract modifications; supply chain challenges; delays of deliveries and the achievement of other billing milestones; delays or cancellations of new projects and related down-payments; and other factors related, directly and indirectly, to the effects of any public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic on our customers that adversely impact our businesses. The ultimate impact of any public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic on our operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited to: the severity and duration of the public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic; the impact of variants and resurgences; governmental, business, and individuals actions in response to the public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic; the impact on global and regional economies, travel, and economic activity; the development, availability, and public acceptance of effective treatments or vaccines; our employees compliance with vaccine mandates that may apply in various jurisdictions; the availability of federal, state, local, or non-U.S. funding programs; global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and the pace and extent of the ultimate recovery from the public health crisis, epidemic, or pandemic. 17 Table of Contents Efforts by public and private payers to control the growth of healthcare costs may lead to lower reimbursements or increased utilization controls related to the use of our products by healthcare providers, which may affect the price of and demand for our products, services, or solutions. Sales of many of our offerings directly or indirectly depend on the availability of reimbursement and the amount of reimbursement that our customers may seek from various third-party payers, including government programs, authorities, or agencies (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.), and private health plans. In general, employers and third-party payers, particularly in the U.S., have become increasingly cost-conscious, with higher deductibles imposed in many medical plans. The imposition of higher deductibles tends to inhibit individuals from seeking the same level of medical treatments as they might seek if the costs were lower, particularly in the medical diagnostic portion of our business. Third-party payers have also increased utilization controls related to the use of our offerings by healthcare providers. Without adequate support from third-party payers, the market for our offerings may be limited and adversely impacted. Governments and other payers may institute changes in healthcare delivery systems that reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of healthcare costs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for our offerings from third-party payers is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which offerings customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. For example, China has implemented volume-based procurement processes to constrain healthcare costs. Some countries impose drug price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products. Even if we develop promising new offerings, we may find limited demand for the offerings unless reimbursement approval is obtained from third-party payers. Further legislative or administrative reforms that impact reimbursements or pricing could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. In the U.S., private third-party payers, although independent from Medicare, sometimes use portions of Medicare reimbursement policies and payment amounts in making their own reimbursement decisions. As a result, decisions by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) to reimburse for a diagnosis or treatment, or changes to Medicare s reimbursement policies or reductions in payment amounts with respect to a diagnosis or treatment, sometimes extend to U.S. third-party payers reimbursement policies and amounts for that diagnosis or treatment. Decision-making by our U.S. customers is complicated by the uncertainty surrounding Medicare reimbursement rates for certain procedures. From time to time, CMS and third-party payers may review and modify the factors upon which they rely to determine appropriate levels of reimbursement for certain diagnoses or treatments. In China, government authorities control the inclusion or removal of drugs from the Essential Drug List and the National Reimbursement Drug List, which govern reimbursement under state-sponsored health plans. The removal or reclassification of our products on Chinese national or provincial lists can affect the reimbursement or reimbursement rate of our products in China. Any significant cuts in reimbursement rates or changes in reimbursement methodology or administration for procedures that use our offerings, or concerns or proposals regarding further cuts or changes in methodology or administration, could further increase uncertainty, adversely affect our customers decisions, reduce demand for our offerings, cause customers to cancel orders, and have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISKS. Our inability to successfully complete strategic transactions could adversely affect our business. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that expand, accelerate, or complement our existing business. Successful growth through acquisitions depends upon our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets or assets, conduct due diligence, negotiate transactions on favorable terms, and ultimately complete such transactions and integrate the acquired target or asset successfully. See Note 8, "Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Other Intangible Assets" for a discussion of the acquisitions we completed or have entered into in 2025. Acquisitions may expose us to significant risks and uncertainties, including: competition for acquisition targets and assets, which may lead to substantial increases in purchase price or other terms that are less attractive to us, including the use of our shares for payment of the purchase price; dependence on external sources of capital, in particular to finance the purchase price of acquisitions; inquiries and rulings by antitrust, foreign direct investment, or other regulatory bodies; acquired companies previous failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; failure to timely or successfully integrate acquired companies strategies, functions, systems, controls, including cybersecurity and data protection controls, and products into our own; inability to produce products at increased scale or loss of previously available distribution channels; 18 Table of Contents heightened external scrutiny on acquired IP rights, regulatory exclusivity periods, and confidentiality agreements, or lack of IP rights for the acquired portfolio; diversion of our management s attention from existing operations to the acquisition and integration process; a failure to accurately predict or to realize expected growth opportunities, cost savings, synergies, and market acceptance of acquired companies products; a failure to identify significant non-compliant behaviors or practices by, or liabilities relating to, an acquisition target (or its agents) prior to acquisition; successor liability imposed by regulators for actions by a target (or its agents) prior to acquisition; expenses, delays, and difficulties in integrating acquired businesses into our existing businesses; and difficulties in retaining key customers and personnel. Various other assessments and assumptions regarding acquisition targets may prove to be incorrect, and actual developments may differ significantly from our expectations. In addition, we also regularly evaluate a variety of other potential strategic transactions, including equity and other investments, and disposition of non-core assets or businesses. We may not successfully identify, complete, or manage the risks presented by these transactions, including those outlined above. Equity and other investments pose additional risks, as we could share ownership in both public and private companies and, in some cases, management responsibilities with one or more other parties whose objectives may diverge from ours over time; who may not have the same priorities, strategies, or resources as we do; or whose interpretation of applicable policies may differ from our own. Additionally, dispositions of non-core assets or businesses could involve difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products, and employees, the disruption of our business, and the potential loss of key employees. The occurrence of any of the above in connection with any acquisition or other strategic transaction could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. If we do not successfully manage our collaboration arrangements, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties, we may not realize the expected benefits from such arrangements, which could adversely affect our business. From time to time, we enter into collaborations, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, or strategic alliances with third parties to complement or augment our capabilities, including in R D, product development, manufacturing, and marketing. Evaluating, appropriately structuring, negotiating, and implementing such arrangements may be a lengthy and complex process and must meet applicable business, legal, and compliance requirements. Other companies may compete with us for these opportunities. As a result, we may not identify, secure, or complete such arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or on otherwise favorable terms, if at all. We may not realize the expected benefits from these arrangements. We may not be able to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding any such collaboration, licensing arrangement, joint venture, or strategic alliance. This could create the risk of impasses on decisions, given that our partners in these arrangements may have economic or business interests that diverge from our interests. Conflicts may arise in these arrangements concerning the achievement of performance milestones or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement (including financial obligations), termination rights, or the ownership or control of IP developed during the arrangement. Our partners may suffer adverse commercial, financial, or legal circumstances that are outside of our control and may jeopardize their success, our partners may terminate their relationships with us, or breakdowns in these relationships may give rise to disputes. Given the potentially different interests of the parties involved, we could suffer delays in product development, commercialization or other operational difficulties. These arrangements may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase expenditures, or disrupt our ordinary business activities. These arrangements may expose us to known and unknown risks, including unique risks with respect to the economic, political, and regulatory environment of any foreign entities with which we partner, quality control, and legal and regulatory violations committed by partners whose actions are outside of our control. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. 19 Table of Contents Our increasing focus on and investment in cloud, edge computing, AI, and software offerings present risks to our business. We may not be successful in driving the global deployment and customer adoption of digital offerings, including cloud-enabled, AI-enabled, and software solutions. A growing part of our business involves cloud, edge computing, AI (including generative AI), and software solutions, and we are devoting significant resources to developing and deploying such strategies. Our success with these solutions will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings. We incur costs to develop cloud, edge computing, AI, and software solutions and to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud and edge computing offerings. Success with these solutions depends on execution in many areas, including: establishing and maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud, edge computing, AI, and software solutions (including the reliability of our third-party software vendors, network, and cloud providers) on a growing array of medical devices, software, and equipment; continuing to enhance the attractiveness of our solutions to our customers in the face of increasing competition from a significant number of existing and new entrants in the market, while meeting reliability and security expectations for these solutions; and meeting regulatory requirements for the development, testing, marketing, and implementation of these solutions in a fast-moving space disrupted by changing regulations around data and the need for innovation, including obtaining marketing authorizations when required. It is uncertain whether our strategies will attract customers or generate revenue required to succeed in this highly competitive and rapidly changing global market. We commit substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to R D and IT infrastructure for our digital offerings, and the risk of failure is inherent. Even where our digital offerings satisfy applicable regulations and reimbursement policies, customers may not adopt them due to concerns about the security of personal data or the customers absence of digital infrastructure to support and effectively use the offerings, a hesitancy to embrace new technology, or for other reasons. We also may not effectively execute organizational and technical changes to accelerate innovation and execution. In a number of countries, some cloud, edge computing, AI, and software solutions are restricted areas of foreign investment. Collaborating with a domestic, qualified third party will increase costs and may create uncertainties in such jurisdictions. The legality or validity of any collaboration may be challenged or subjected to scrutiny in such jurisdictions and the relevant governmental authorities have broad discretion in addressing such arrangements. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Cloud, AI, edge computing, and software solutions in healthcare must comply with stringent regulations, including certification requirements, in many of the countries in which our customers are located, particularly in relation to obtaining, using, storing, and transferring personal data. Our software solutions must be compliant with applicable regulations in the country in question before we can launch our offerings. In some jurisdictions, we must obtain marketing authorizations before commercializing software solutions. Such regulatory compliance may take longer or cost more than expected or require that design changes be incorporated into our offerings. In addition, changes to reimbursement policies for digital healthcare offerings could potentially lead to delays and additional expense. The inability of customers to obtain adequate reimbursement from private and governmental third-party payers could adversely affect purchasing decisions and prices and cause our revenue and profitability to suffer. Additionally, we are making significant investments in AI initiatives and are building AI into many of our digital offerings. We are planning to use AI, including generative AI, throughout our portfolios to build differentiated products and solutions and deploy those solutions through various modalities for our customers, including on the device, via edge computing or data centers, and/or via the cloud. Using AI in this manner presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, acceptance, and effectiveness, including flawed AI algorithms; insufficient, overly-broad, or biased datasets; unauthorized use or access to personal data; lack of acceptance from our customers; difficulties in obtaining or maintaining the necessary regulatory approvals or clearances; or failure to deliver positive outcomes. As we seek to build clinical applications that leverage AI models built by third parties, we may have limited rights to access the underlying intellectual property used to create these models, and, if requested, this may limit or impair our ability to independently verify the explainability, transparency, and reliability of the underlying model. The use of AI in healthcare offerings also poses clinical risks resulting from potential misdiagnosis or misinformation provided from AI applications, diminishing critical judgment, or loss of interpersonal care from clinicians. These deficiencies could undermine the decisions, predictions, or analysis AI applications produce, as well as their adoption, subjecting us to competitive harm; legal liability, including under new legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the EU or ongoing evolution in how data protection, privacy, IP, and other laws are interpreted; regulatory actions; and reputational harm. Additionally, our obligations to comply with the evolving legal and regulatory landscape could entail significant costs or limit our ability to incorporate some AI capabilities into our offerings. In addition, some AI scenarios present ethical, privacy, or other social issues, risking reputational harm and/or reduced market demand or acceptance of AI solutions. The safeguards we have designed to promote the ethical implementation of AI may not be sufficient to protect us against negative outcomes. Furthermore, we contract with numerous third parties to offer our digital content to customers as well as to assist with the development of their own software applications and services, and our reliance on access to these third parties healthcare digital applications, which may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could impact our ability to offer a wide variety of our own digital offerings at reasonable prices with acceptable usage tools or continue to expand our geographic reach. These risks are amplified by the critical nature of healthcare decisions and the sensitivity of health-related information, and the occurrence of any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. 20 Table of Contents Our inability to manage our supply chain or obtain supplies of components or raw materials has restricted, and could continue to restrict, the manufacturing of products, cause delays in delivery, or significantly increase our costs, and our use of third parties in various markets and their actions or inactions could affect our business. We rely on the timely supply of components, products, services, and solutions from suppliers. If suppliers fail to meet their delivery obligations, raise prices, or cease to supply to us, it may affect our ability to deliver to our customers or significantly increase our costs. If we lose suppliers, if their operations are substantially interrupted, if their prices increase significantly due to inflationary pressures, or if any of them fail to meet performance or quality specifications, we may be required to identify and qualify one or more replacement suppliers. This also may require us to redesign or modify our products to incorporate new components and obtain regulatory authorization, qualification, or certification of these redesigned or modified products, which could increase our costs, cause material delays, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Further, we have multiple single-source or sole-source suppliers with no alternatives yet identified. Our dependence on such single- or sole-source suppliers subjects us to the risk of possible shortages, interruptions, and price fluctuations. Disruptions or loss of any of our single- or sole-source suppliers, or capacity limitations of these suppliers, could increase our costs, curtail growth opportunities, cause material delays, and adversely impact our business, financial results, and customer relationships. Supply chain interruptions or price increases in certain key countries, such as China, India, Russia, and Israel, have had, and could continue to have, a similar adverse effect on our business. The costs of certain raw materials, logistics, and services necessary for the production and distribution of our products are subject to fluctuation based on many factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions, labor costs, transportation costs, and currency exchange rates. We rely upon supplies of certain raw materials, including helium, iodine, and rare earth minerals. Worldwide demand, availability, export restrictions, and pricing of these raw materials have been volatile, and we expect that to continue in the future. For example, in 2025, China significantly tightened its export controls on rare earth minerals. Some, but not all, of these restrictions were temporarily suspended after trade negotiations with the U.S. in October 2025. If supply of these materials is further restricted or if prices increase, this could constrain our manufacturing of affected products, reduce our profit margins, or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. We have replaced certain internal capabilities with outsourced products, services, or solutions. These processes may result in increased dependency on external suppliers and other third parties. For example, we rely on contract manufacturing organizations to produce certain of our molecular imaging pharmaceutical products. Failure by third-party suppliers to maintain sufficient manufacturing capacity for our products could create shortages or delay fulfilling orders. Failure of third-party suppliers to establish and comply with required quality management systems or comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements may also lead to withdrawals of our certifications or authorizations required for market access in certain jurisdictions. Such supplier failures may prevent us from meeting customer requirements in a timely manner, which could result in damages or other claims, order cancellations, loss of market share, and damage to our reputation. Shortages or delays could adversely affect our business. A general shortage of materials or components also poses the risk of unforeseeable fluctuations in prices and demand. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business results, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Additionally, the implementation of localization requirements and other government policies driven by support of local industry, and increasing attention to sustainability matters, including EH S matters, may impose additional costs and requirements on our business, such as the need to qualify new local suppliers or comply with new material reporting requirements, which could negatively affect our ability to compete in certain markets. Our business dealings also involve other third parties such as distributors, dealers, wholesalers, packagers, resellers, agents, collaboration 