=== CRWD_2025-05-06.htm.gz ===
tm252455-1_nonfiling - none - 13.9844277s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS 206 E. 9 th Street, Suite 1400 Austin, Texas 78701 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders Time and Date: 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time Wednesday, June 18, 2025 Virtual Meeting: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CRWD2025 Dear Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( CrowdStrike ), which will be held on Wednesday, June 18, 2025 at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. The Annual Meeting will be a virtual meeting of stockholders, which will be conducted via a live audio webcast. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting, submit your questions and vote online during the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CRWD2025 . We believe a virtual meeting provides expanded access, improves communication, enables increased stockholder attendance and participation, allows our stockholders around the world to attend the Annual Meeting and provides cost savings for our stockholders and CrowdStrike. At our Annual Meeting you will be asked to: Items of Business Board Recommendation Further Details 1. Elect nominees Cary J. Davis, George Kurtz and Laura J. Schumacher to the Board of Directors to hold office until the 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. FOR all nominees Page 5 2. Ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as CrowdStrike s independent registered public accounting firm for its fiscal year ending January 31, 2026. FOR Page 24 You may also be asked to transact any other business that is properly brought before the meeting. The record date for the Annual Meeting is April 25, 2025. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on that date may vote at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. Whether or not you expect to attend the Annual Meeting, please vote as promptly as possible to ensure your representation at the meeting. You may vote your shares by telephone or over the Internet as instructed in these materials. If you received a proxy card or voting instruction card by mail, you may submit your proxy card or voting instruction card by completing, signing, dating and mailing your proxy card or voting instruction card in the envelope provided. By Order of the Board of Directors George Kurtz President, Chief Executive Officer and Director May 6, 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholders Meeting to Be Held on Wednesday, June 18, 2025 at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CRWD2025 . The Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Stockholders are available at www.proxyvote.com. TABLE OF CONTENTS Summary Information We are providing you with these proxy materials because the Board of Directors of CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (the Board ) is soliciting your proxy to vote at CrowdStrike s 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ), including at any adjournments or postponements thereof, to be held via a live audio webcast on Wednesday, June 18, 2025 at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. The Annual Meeting can be accessed by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CRWD2025 where you will be able to listen to the meeting live, submit questions and vote online. You are invited to attend the Annual Meeting to vote on the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. However, you do not need to attend the Annual Meeting to vote your shares. Instead, you may simply follow the instructions below to submit your proxy. The proxy materials, including this Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report, are first being distributed and made available on or about May 6, 2025. As used in this Proxy Statement, references to we, us, our, CrowdStrike and the Company refer to CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our fiscal year end is on January 31 and our year ended January 31, 2025 is referred to herein as fiscal 2025 or FY2025. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement and references to our website address in this Proxy Statement are inactive textual references only. To assist you in reviewing the proposals to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting, we call your attention to the following information. The following description is only a summary. Annual Meeting Proposals Proposal Board Recommendation 1. Elect nominees Cary J. Davis, George Kurtz and Laura J. Schumacher to the Board of Directors to hold office until the 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. FOR all nominees 2. Ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as CrowdStrike s independent registered public accounting firm for its fiscal year ending January 31, 2026. FOR CrowdStrike s 2025 Fiscal Year CrowdStrike, a global cybersecurity leader that has redefined modern security with the world s most advanced cloud-native platform for protecting critical areas of enterprise risk, including endpoints and cloud workloads, identity and data, delivered strong fiscal 2025 results demonstrating our ability to adapt to unexpected challenges and emerge stronger. Business highlights include: a 29% year-over-year increase in total revenue, reaching $3.95 billion; a 23% year-over-year increase in ending annual recurring revenue ( ARR ), (1) reaching $4.24 billion as of January 31, 2025; generating $1.38 billion in net cash provided by operating activities or 35% of revenue, and free cash flow of $1.07 billion to deliver free cash flow margin of 27%; (2) maintaining a gross retention rate of 97% or higher in each quarter of the fiscal year; expanding in the endpoint security market as well as success growing ARR from our cloud security, identity protection and LogScale next-gen SIEM solutions, together surpassing $1.3 billion of ending ARR; and increasing customer adoption of our modules: 67% of our customer base had adopted five or more modules, 48% of our customer base had adopted six or more modules, 32% of our customer base had adopted seven or more modules and 21% of our customer base had adopted eight or more modules, as of January 31, 2025 (in each case, excluding customers who subscribed with the Falcon Go bundle, a package designed for organizations with 100 endpoints or less). (1) ARR is calculated as the annualized value of our customer subscription contracts as of the measurement date, assuming any contract that expires during the next 12 months is renewed on its existing terms. To the extent that we are negotiating a renewal with a customer after the expiration of the subscription, we continue to include that revenue in ARR if we are actively in discussion with such an organization for a new subscription or renewal, or until such organization notifies us that it is not renewing its subscription. (2) See Appendix A of this Proxy Statement for a reconciliation of free cash flow and free cash flow margin to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. i TABLE OF CONTENTS In fiscal 2025, we continued to support our local communities through the CrowdStrike Foundation (our donor advised fund managed by Charities Aid Foundation), corporate-directed giving, corporate-matching and other efforts, supporting more than 100 nonprofits globally during the fiscal year. Additionally, we expanded the CrowdStrike NextGen scholarship program, offering scholarship opportunities to students at a broader range of academic institutions. Members of the Board of Directors and Committees Name Age Director Since Current Term Expires Independent Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Transaction Committee Nominees for Director Cary J. Davis 58 7/2013 2025 Yes George Kurtz, President and CEO 54 11/2011 2025 No Laura J. Schumacher 61 11/2020 2025 Yes Continuing Directors Johanna Flower 50 1/2023 2026 No Denis J. O Leary 68 12/2011 2026 Yes Godfrey R. Sullivan 71 12/2017 2026 Yes Roxanne S. Austin 64 9/2018 2027 Yes Sameer K. Gandhi 59 8/2013 2027 Yes Gerhard Watzinger, Chairman 64 4/2012 2027 Yes (1) Ms. Austin joined the Compensation Committee in April 2025. ii TABLE OF CONTENTS ELECTRONIC DELIVERY We encourage CrowdStrike stockholders to voluntarily elect to receive future proxy and annual report materials electronically. If you are a registered stockholder, please visit www.proxyvote.com for simple instructions. Beneficial shareowners can elect to receive future proxy and annual report materials electronically as well as vote their shares online at www.proxyvote.com. Faster Economical Cleaner Convenient SCAN THE QR CODE to vote using your mobile device, sign up for e-delivery or download annual meeting materials. 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Wednesday, June 18, 2025 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time The 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held via the Internet as a virtual meeting. See our Proxy Statement for additional information. OUR ENVIRONMENT CrowdStrike believes in working to keep our environment cleaner and healthier. Every day, CrowdStrike takes steps to preserve the natural beauty of the surroundings that we are privileged to enjoy. CrowdStrike s initiative in reducing its carbon footprint by promoting electronic delivery of stockholder materials has had a positive effect on the environment. CrowdStrike encourages its stockholders to reduce the environmental impact of delivering paper proxy materials by signing up to receive future proxy materials electronically. iii TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Table of Contents Page Proposal 1 Election of Directors 5 Skills and Experience 6 Nominees for Director and Continuing Directors 7 Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance 12 Independence of the Board of Directors 12 Board Leadership Structure 12 Role of the Board in Risk Oversight 13 Family Relationships 13 Meetings of the Board of Directors 13 Information Regarding Committees of the Board of Directors 13 Audit Committee 14 Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 14 Compensation Committee 15 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 15 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 16 Transaction Committee 17 Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors 17 Stockholder Engagement 17 Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 18 Insider Trading Policy 18 Equity Grant Practices 18 Environmental, Social and Governance 18 Page Director Compensation 22 Proposal 2 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 24 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 24 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 25 Executive Compensation Discussion and Analysis 26 Pay Ratio Disclosure 41 Executive Compensation Tables 42 Equity Compensation Plan Information 51 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 52 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 54 Legal Proceedings 54 Transactions with Related Parties and Indemnification 54 Householding of Proxy Materials 57 Questions and Answers about these Proxy Materials and Voting 58 Other Matters 62 Appendix A: Non-GAAP Financial Measures A-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 Election of Directors The Board of Directors of CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (the Board ) is divided into three classes, designated as Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class consists, as nearly as practicable, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board, and each class has a three-year term. One class of directors is elected by the stockholders at each annual meeting to serve from the time of their election until the third annual meeting of stockholders following their election. Each director s term shall continue until the election and qualification of his or her successor, or his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of authorized directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. The Board currently has nine members. There are three directors in Class III whose term of office expires in 2025: Cary J. Davis, George Kurtz and Laura J. Schumacher. The Board has nominated Cary J. Davis, George Kurtz and Laura J. Schumacher for election as Class III directors at the Annual Meeting. Each of the three nominees is currently a director of CrowdStrike. The nominees were recommended for election by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board and the Board has approved such recommendation. If elected at the Annual Meeting, the nominees would serve until the 2028 annual meeting and until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified, or, if sooner, until the director s death, resignation or removal. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes of the holders of shares present online at the meeting or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the election of directors. The three nominees receiving the highest number of FOR votes will be elected. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH NAMED NOMINEE. | Page 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Skills and Experience The matrix below summarizes key qualifications, skills, or attributes relevant to the decision to nominate candidates to serve on the Board. A mark indicates a specific notable area of focus or expertise. Not having a mark does not mean the director does not possess that qualification or skill. The biographies of our continuing directors and director nominees below describe each director s background and relevant experience in more detail. Page 6 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominees for Director and Continuing Directors The brief biographies below include information, as of the date of this Proxy Statement, regarding the specific and particular experience, qualifications, attributes or skills of the nominees for director. In addition, following the biographies of the nominees are the biographies of Class I and Class II directors containing information regarding each director continuing to serve on the Board. Class III Nominees for Election for a Three-Year Term Expiring at the 2028 Annual Meeting Chair Compensation Committee Cary J. Davis Background Mr. Davis, 58, has served on our board of directors since July 2013. Mr. Davis is a Managing Director at Warburg Pincus, which he joined in October 1994, where he focuses on investments in the software and financial technology sectors. Prior to joining Warburg Pincus, he was Executive Assistant to Michael Dell at Dell Inc., a multinational computer technology company, and a consultant at McKinsey Company, a worldwide management consulting firm. Mr. Davis currently serves on the boards of directors of Clearwater Analytics Holdings, Inc., a Software-as-a-Service investment data platform company, and several privately held companies. Mr. Davis previously served on the board of directors of Cyren, a cybersecurity company. Education Qualifications Mr. Davis holds a B.A. in Economics from Yale University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Mr. Davis brings to the Board and the Compensation Committee extensive business and investment expertise and his knowledge of our company and our industry. Transaction Committee George Kurtz Background Mr. Kurtz, 54, is our founder and has served as our Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of our board of directors since November 2011. From October 2004 to October 2011, Mr. Kurtz served in executive roles at McAfee, Inc., a security technology company, including as Executive Vice President and Worldwide Chief Technology Officer from October 2009 to October 2011. In October 1999, Mr. Kurtz founded Foundstone, Inc., a security technology company, where he served as its Chief Executive Officer until it was acquired by McAfee, Inc. in October 2004. Since November 2017, he has also served as Chairman and as a board member for the CrowdStrike Foundation, a nonprofit established to support the next generation of talent and research in cybersecurity and artificial intelligence through grants and other activities. He served on the board of directors of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, an enterprise information technology company from June 2019 until April 2023. Education Qualifications Mr. Kurtz holds a B.S. in Accounting from Seton Hall University. Mr. Kurtz also holds a CPA license from the State of New Jersey with an inactive status. The Board believes Mr. Kurtz provides valuable insight to the Board and the Transaction Committee as a security industry pioneer with more than 30 years of experience in the security space, a technology business leader, and as an accomplished entrepreneur who has accumulated extensive perspective, operational insight, and expertise as our founder, Chief Executive Officer and President. | Page 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Chair Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Laura J. Schumacher Background Ms. Schumacher, 61, has served on our board of directors since November 2020. From December 2018 to December 2022, Ms. Schumacher served as the Vice Chairman, External Affairs and Chief Legal Officer of AbbVie, Inc. Prior to that, Ms. Schumacher served as Executive Vice President, External Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of AbbVie, Inc. Prior to AbbVie s separation from Abbott Laboratories, Ms. Schumacher served in various leadership positions at Abbott, including as Executive Vice President, General Counsel from 2007 to 2012. Ms. Schumacher currently serves on the board of directors of General Dynamics Corporation, a global aerospace and defense company; the Board of Trustees for Ronald McDonald House Charities; and the Notre Dame College of Science Advisory Board. Education Qualifications Ms. Schumacher holds a B.B.A. from the University of Notre Dame and a J.D. from the University of Wisconsin at Madison. Ms. Schumacher brings to the Board and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee extensive experience with respect to risk management and the types of legal and regulatory risks facing public companies, as well as an important understanding of corporate governance matters and complex corporate transactions. Continuing Directors In addition to the director nominees, CrowdStrike has six other directors who will continue in office after the Annual Meeting with terms expiring in 2026 and 2027. The following includes a brief biography of each continuing director with terms expiring as shown, with each biography including information regarding the experiences, qualifications, attributes or skills that caused the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board to determine that the applicable director should serve as a member of our Board. Class I Directors Continuing in Office Until the 2026 Annual Meeting Johanna Flower Background Ms. Flower, 50, has served on our board of directors since January 2023. From January 2022 to November 2022, Ms. Flower served as CrowdStrike s Chief Marketing Officer, a role she previously held from November 2014 to August 2020. From June 2000 to June 2014, Ms. Flower served in various executive roles at Websense Inc., a cybersecurity software company now known as Forcepoint, LLC, where she served most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer. Ms. Flower currently serves on the board of directors of Freshworks, Inc., a provider of modern Software-as-a-Service products, and several privately held companies. Ms. Flower previously served on the board of directors of ForgeRock, Inc., a digital identity technology company. Education Qualifications Ms. Flower holds a B.A. in Business Administration from the University of Brighton, United Kingdom. Ms. Flower brings to the Board extensive cybersecurity, go-to-market and modern governance experience, and knowledge of our company. Page 8 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Denis J. O Leary Background Mr. O Leary, 68, has served on our board of directors since December 2011. Mr. O Leary has been a private investor since January 2016. From September 2009 to February 2016, he served as co-managing partner of Encore Financial Partners, Inc., a company focused on the acquisition and management of banking organizations. From June 1978 to April 2003, Mr. O Leary was with JPM Chase Co., an investment bank and financial services company, where he served in various executive roles, including Corporate Treasurer, CIO, and Head of Retail and Small Business Banking. Mr. O Leary previously served as a director and chairman of the board of directors of Fiserv, Inc., a public provider of financial services technology and as a member of the board of directors of Ventiv, Inc., a privately held software company. Education Qualifications Mr. O Leary holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of Rochester and an MBA from New York University. Mr. O Leary brings to the Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee extensive investment and financial experience, executive experience with global businesses, and knowledge of our company. Audit Committee Godfrey R. Sullivan Background Mr. Sullivan, 71, has served on our board of directors since December 2017. From September 2008 to November 2015, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Splunk, Inc., a provider of machine data analytics software, and served on the board of directors of Splunk, Inc. from 2011 to 2019. From 2001 to 2004 he served as President and Chief Operating Officer, and from 2004 to 2007 as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Hyperion Solutions, an enterprise financial analytics company. Mr. Sullivan currently serves on the board of directors of Marqeta, Inc., a modern card issuing company and GitLab, Inc., a DevOps software company. He previously served on the board of directors of Citrix Systems, Inc., an enterprise software company; Informatica Corporation, an enterprise data management company; People.ai, a privately held Al revenue intelligence platform company; and RingCentral, Inc., a provider of cloud-based communications and collaboration solutions. Education Qualifications Mr. Sullivan holds a B.B.A. from Baylor University. The Board believes Mr. Sullivan s perspective and experience as a former chief executive officer of other publicly traded companies and his experience as an executive and as a member of the board of directors of other companies in the enterprise software industry benefit the Board and the Audit Committee. | Page 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Class II Directors Continuing in Office Until the 2027 Annual Meeting Chair Audit Committee; Compensation Committee (3) Roxanne S. Austin Background Ms. Austin, 64, has served on our board of directors since September 2018. Ms. Austin has served as President of Austin Investment Advisors, a private investment and consulting firm, since January 2004. Ms. Austin also served as chair of the U.S. Mid-Market Investment Advisory Committee of EQT Partners, a private equity group, from 2017 2023. Ms. Austin currently serves on the boards of directors of AbbVie Inc., a biopharmaceutical company; Freshworks, Inc., a provider of modern Software-as-a-Service products; and Verizon Communications, a telecommunications company. She previously served on the board of directors of Abbott Laboratories, a provider of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and nutritional products; Teledyne Technologies Incorporated, an industrial conglomerate; LM Ericsson Telephone Company, a networking and telecommunications company; and Target Corporation, a department store retailer. Education Qualifications Ms. Austin holds a B.B.A. in Accounting from the University of Texas at San Antonio. Ms. Austin is a member of the California State Society of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Ms. Austin s extensive management and operating experience with global companies in innovative industries, financial expertise including financial statements, corporate finance and accounting matters, and corporate governance experience make her instrumental to our Board, Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Compensation Committee; Transaction Committee Sameer K. Gandhi Background Mr. Gandhi, 59, has served on our board of directors since August 2013. Mr. Gandhi is currently a partner at Accel, a venture capital firm he joined in June 2008, focusing on consumer, cloud/SaaS and media companies. He is responsible for Accel s investments in Spotify, Dropbox, Flipkart and Venmo, among others throughout his 25 years of investing. Mr. Gandhi currently serves on the board of Freshworks, Inc., a provider of modern Software-as-a-Service products, as well as on the boards of several privately held companies. Education Qualifications Mr. Gandhi has a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and an M.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. The Board believes Mr. Gandhi s extensive knowledge of our company and his experience as an investor, including more than 25 years of investing experience in cybersecurity companies and other technology and media companies that have significant worldwide operations, bring specific expertise to the Board, the Compensation Committee and the Transaction Committee. (3) Ms. Austin joined the Compensation Committee in April 2025. Page 10 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit Committee; Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; Transaction Committee Gerhard Watzinger Background Mr. Watzinger, 64, has served as Chairman of our board of directors since April 2012. From April 2013 to September 2013, he served as the Chief Executive Officer for IGATE Corporation, an IT services company. Mr. Watzinger served as the Executive Vice President for Corporate Strategy and Mergers Acquisitions of the McAfee business unit of Intel Corporation ( Intel ) a designer and manufacturer of digital technology platforms, until his resignation in March 2012. Mr. Watzinger joined Intel in February 2011 upon Intel s acquisition of McAfee. Mr. Watzinger joined McAfee in November 2007 upon McAfee s acquisition of SafeBoot Corporation, a global leader in data protection software, where he served as Chief Executive Officer from February 2004 to November 2007. He currently serves on the board of directors of Invicti Security, an application security company; NinjaOne, an IT management company; and KnowBe4, Inc., a security awareness training company. He previously served on the board of directors of Mastech Digital, Inc., a digital transformation and information technology services company; TeleSign, a digital identity company; and Absolute Software Corporation, a persistent software company. Education Qualifications Mr. Watzinger holds an advanced degree in Computer Science from the University of Applied Sciences in Munich. Mr. Watzinger brings to the Board, the Audit Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Transaction Committee deep operational expertise in the cybersecurity and IT industries, including experience as a chief executive officer and board member of several information technology companies, as well as extensive perspective and operational insight as our current Chairman. | Page 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Highlights One share, one vote (dual class structure was sunset in fiscal 2025) 100% independent Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Independent Chair of the Board Board composed of 78% independent directors Regular executive sessions of independent directors Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee chairs rotated in fiscal 2025 Rigorous director selection and evaluation process Annual Board and committee evaluations Board continuing education program Robust stockholder engagement program Stock ownership guidelines for directors and executive officers Restrictions on hedging and pledging of CrowdStrike securities Clawback policy Independence of the Board of Directors As required under Nasdaq listing standards, a majority of the members of a listed company s board of directors must qualify as independent, as affirmatively determined by the board. Our Board consults with CrowdStrike s counsel to ensure that the Board s determinations are consistent with relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the definition of independent, including those set forth in pertinent listing standards of Nasdaq, as in effect from time to time. Under the rules of Nasdaq, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees must be independent. Under the rules of Nasdaq, a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of that company s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Compensation committee members must not have a relationship with us that is material to the director s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a compensation committee member. Additionally, audit committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the board of directors or a committee of the board, accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. Our Board has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and considered whether each director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. Based upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning their background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships and as a result of this review, our Board determined that each of Roxanne S. Austin, Cary J. Davis, Sameer K. Gandhi, Denis J. O Leary, Laura J. Schumacher, Godfrey R. Sullivan and Gerhard Watzinger, representing seven of our nine directors, does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and is an independent director as defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq. Due to Johanna Flower s previous employment with the Company, Ms. Flower is not currently independent under applicable Nasdaq listing rules. In making this determination, our Board considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. Board Leadership Structure Our Board has an independent Chair, Mr. Watzinger, who has authority, among other things, to call and preside over Board meetings, including meetings of the independent directors, as well as the authority to call special meetings of the stockholders. Accordingly, the Chair of the Board has substantial ability to shape the work of the Board. We believe that separation of the positions of the Chair and Chief Page 12 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Officer reinforces the independence of the Board in its oversight of the business and affairs of the Company. In addition, we believe that having an independent Chair creates an environment that is more conducive to objective evaluation and oversight of management s performance, increasing management accountability and improving the ability of the Board to monitor whether management s actions are in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. As a result, we believe that having an independent Chair can enhance the effectiveness of the Board as a whole. We believe that the leadership structure of our Board, including Mr. Watzinger s role as Chair, as well as the strong independent committees of our Board, is appropriate and enhances our Board s ability to effectively carry out its roles and responsibilities on behalf of our stockholders. Role of the Board in Risk Oversight Risk is inherent with every business, and we face a number of risks, including strategic, financial, business and operational, cybersecurity, legal and compliance, and reputational risks, in the pursuit and achievement of our strategic objectives. We have designed and implemented processes to manage risk in our operations. Management is responsible for the day-to-day oversight and management of strategic, operational, legal and compliance, cybersecurity, and financial risks, while our Board, as a whole and assisted by its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of our risk management framework, which is designed to identify, assess, and manage risks to which our Company is exposed, as well as foster a corporate culture of integrity. Consistent with this approach, our Board regularly reviews our strategic and operational risks in the context of discussions with management, question and answer sessions, and reports from the management team at each regular board meeting. Our Board also receives regular reports on all significant committee activities at each regular board meeting and evaluates the risks inherent in significant transactions. In addition, our Board has tasked designated standing committees with oversight of certain categories of risk management. Our Audit Committee assists our Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including the Company s policies and practices pertaining to financial accounting, investment, tax, and privacy and cybersecurity matters, and discusses with management, our internal audit function and our independent auditor the Company s major financial risk exposures. Our Compensation Committee reviews and assesses risks arising from the Company s employee compensation policies and practices and whether any such risks are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors the effectiveness of our corporate governance guidelines and policies. Our Transaction Committee reviews and evaluates certain risks related to potential acquisitions of businesses, entities or technologies. Our Board believes its current leadership structure supports the risk oversight function of the Board. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among the directors and executive officers. Meetings of the Board of Directors The Board met 19 times during fiscal 2025. Each Board member attended 75% or more of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and of the committees on which he or she served that were held during the portion of the last fiscal year for which he or she was a director or committee member. We do not currently have a policy relating to director attendance, but the Company s directors are encouraged to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. All of our then-directors attended our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, other than Mr. Sullivan. Information Regarding Committees of the Board of Directors The Board has an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a Transaction Committee. Each such committee has authority to engage legal counsel or other experts or consultants, as it deems appropriate to carry out its responsibilities. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meets the applicable Nasdaq rules and regulations regarding independence and that each member is free of any relationship that would impair that member s individual exercise of independent judgment with regard to the Company. The Board has also determined that each Audit Committee member meets the applicable rules for financial literacy under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq and the SEC and that Roxanne S. Austin qualifies as an Audit Committee financial expert as defined in the SEC rules and satisfies the financial sophistication requirements of Nasdaq. | Page 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit Committee Meetings in FY2025: 8 Members Roxanne S. Austin, Chair Godfrey R. Sullivan Gerhard Watzinger Our Audit Committee is comprised of Roxanne S. Austin, Godfrey R. Sullivan, and Gerhard Watzinger, each of whom meets the requirements for independence under Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Principal Responsibilities The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things: selecting and hiring our independent registered public accounting firm; evaluating the performance and independence of our registered public accounting firm; approving the audit and pre-approving any non-audit services to be performed by our registered public accounting firm; reviewing the integrity of our financial statements and related disclosures and reviewing our critical accounting policies and practices; reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal control policies and procedures and our disclosure controls and procedures; discussing with management and, as applicable, our independent registered public accounting firm, our disclosure controls and procedures over environmental and sustainability reporting data and disclosures; evaluating the performance of our internal audit function; overseeing procedures for the treatment of complaints on accounting, internal accounting controls or audit matters; reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the results of our annual audit, our quarterly financial statements and our publicly filed reports; establishing procedures for employees to anonymously submit concerns about questionable accounting or audit matters; assessing and managing risks, including with respect to financial accounting, investment, tax, and privacy and cybersecurity matters; reviewing and approving in advance any proposed related-person transactions; and preparing the Audit Committee report that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement. Our Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. A copy of the charter for our Audit Committee is available on our website at ir.crowdstrike.com. Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 with management of the Company. The Audit Committee has discussed with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the matters required to be discussed by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) and the SEC. The Audit Committee has also received the written disclosures and the letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountants communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and has discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP the accounting firm s independence. Based on the foregoing, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. Respectfully submitted by the members of the Audit Committee of the Board. Roxanne S. Austin Godfrey R. Sullivan Gerhard Watzinger This report of the Audit Committee is required by the SEC and, in accordance with the SEC s rules, will not be deemed to be part of or incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Proxy Statement into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or under the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference, and will not otherwise be deemed soliciting material or filed under either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Page 14 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Committee Meetings in FY2025: 8 Members Cary J. Davis, Chair Roxanne S. Austin (4) Sameer K. Gandhi Our Compensation Committee is comprised of Cary J. Davis, Roxanne S. Austin and Sameer K. Gandhi, each of whom meets the requirements for independence under the current Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Principal Responsibilities The Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things: determining, or recommending to the board for determination, the compensation of our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer; overseeing and setting compensation for the members of our Board; administering our equity compensation plans; reviewing matters related to human capital resources, including employee development, engagement and well-being; overseeing our overall compensation policies and practices, compensation plans, and benefits programs; reviewing and administering our Clawback Policy; and reviewing management succession planning. In addition, the Compensation Committee reviews with management the Company s Executive Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Our Compensation Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. A copy of the charter for our Compensation Committee is available on our website at ir.crowdstrike.com. The Compensation Committee has also delegated authority to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to grant equity awards to employees subject to certain limitations established from time to time by the Compensation Committee. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves or served during fiscal 2025 as a director or member of the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any entity that has or had, at the relevant time, one or more executive officers serving on our Compensation Committee or our Board. (4) Ms. Austin joined the Compensation Committee in April 2025. | Page 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Meetings in FY2025: 4 Members Laura J. Schumacher, Chair Denis J. O Leary Gerhard Watzinger Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is comprised of Laura J. Schumacher, Denis J. O Leary and Gerhard Watzinger, each of whom meets the requirements for independence under Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Principal Responsibilities The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things: evaluating and making recommendations regarding the composition, organization and governance of our Board and its committees; reviewing and making recommendations with regard to our corporate governance guidelines and compliance with laws and regulations; reviewing conflicts of interest of our directors and corporate officers and proposed waivers of our corporate governance guidelines and our code of business conducts and ethics; reviewing our environmental, social and governance policies, programs and progress to support the sustainable growth of our business; reviewing our stockholder engagement efforts; and evaluating the performance of our Board and of our committees. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. A copy of the charter for our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is available on our website at ir.crowdstrike.com. Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee uses a variety of methods to identify and evaluate director nominees. In its evaluation of director candidates, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the current size and composition, organization and governance of our Board and the needs of our Board and the respective committees of our Board. Some of the qualifications that our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers include, without limitation, issues of character, integrity, judgment, business experience and diversity, and with respect to diversity, such factors as differences in professional background, education, skill and other individual qualities and attributes that contribute to the total mix of viewpoints and experience represented on the Board, potential conflicts of interest and other commitments. Nominees must also have the highest personal and professional ethics and the ability to offer advice and guidance to our Chief Executive Officer and other members of management based on proven achievement and leadership in the companies or institutions with which they are affiliated. Director candidates must understand the fiduciary responsibilities that are required of a member of our Board and have sufficient time available in the judgment of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to perform all Board and committee responsibilities. Members of our Board are expected to prepare for, attend and participate in all Board and applicable committee meetings. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may also consider such other factors as it may deem, from time to time, are in our and our stockholders best interests. Our Board conducts an annual evaluation of the performance of individual directors, the Board as a whole, and each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, including an evaluation of the qualifications of individual members of the Board and such committees. The evaluation is conducted via a list of questions that are provided to each director. The results of the evaluation and any recommendations for improvement are provided orally to our Board and such committees of the Board either by the Chair of the Board or our outside counsel. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the suitability of each director candidate, including current directors, in light of the current size and composition of our Board. Although we do not maintain a specific policy with respect to board diversity, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers a broad range of backgrounds and experiences. In making determinations regarding nominations of directors, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may take into account the benefits of varied viewpoints. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also considers these and other factors as it oversees the annual director and committee evaluations. After completing its review and evaluation of director candidates, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommends to our full Board the director nominees for election. Stockholder Nominations to the Board of Directors The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider director candidates nominated by stockholders so long as such nominations comply with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, and applicable laws, rules Page 16 | TABLE OF CONTENTS and regulations that govern stockholders making nominations. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate such candidates in accordance with its charter, our amended and restated bylaws and our policies and procedures for director candidates, as well as the regular director nominee criteria described above. There is no difference in the evaluation process of a candidate recommended by a stockholder as compared to the evaluation process of a candidate identified by any of the other means described above. This process is designed to ensure that our Board includes members with a variety of backgrounds, skills, and experience, including appropriate financial and other expertise relevant to our business. Eligible stockholders wishing to nominate a candidate to our Board should contact the Chief Legal Officer Proxy at CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc., 206 E. 9 th Street, Suite 1400, Austin, Texas 78701. To be timely for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, nominations must be received by our Chief Legal Officer observing the same deadlines for stockholder proposals discussed below under Questions and Answers about these Proxy Materials and Voting When are stockholder proposals and director nominations due for next year s annual meeting? Transaction Committee In October 2023, our Board established the Transaction Committee to review, evaluate and approve certain potential acquisitions by the Company of businesses, entities or technologies. The Transaction Committee did not hold any meetings during fiscal 2025. Members of the Transaction Committee are not separately compensated for their service on the Transaction Committee. Members Sameer K. Gandhi George Kurtz Gerhard Watzinger Our Transaction Committee is comprised of Sameer K. Gandhi, George Kurtz and Gerhard Watzinger. Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors Our relationship with our stockholders is an important part of our corporate governance program. Engaging with our stockholders helps us to understand how they view us, to set goals and expectations for our performance and to identify emerging issues that may affect our strategies, corporate governance, compensation practices or other aspects of our operations. Our stockholder and investor outreach includes investor road shows, analyst meetings and investor conferences and meetings. We also communicate with stockholders and other stakeholders through various media, including our annual report and SEC filings, proxy statement, news releases and our website. Our conference calls for quarterly earnings releases are open to all. These calls are available in real time and as archived webcasts on our website for a period of time. Interested parties wishing to communicate with non-management members of our Board may do so by writing and mailing the correspondence to Chief Legal Officer Proxy at CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc., 206 E. 9 th Street, Suite 1400, Austin, Texas 78701. Each communication should set forth, as relevant (i) the name and address of the stockholder, as it appears on our books, and if the shares of our common stock are held by a nominee, the name and address of the beneficial owner of such shares, and (ii) the class and number of shares of our common stock that are owned of record by the record holder and beneficially by the beneficial owner. Our legal department, in consultation with appropriate members of our Board as necessary, will review all incoming communications and, if appropriate, such communications will be forwarded to the appropriate member or members of our Board, or if none are specified, to the Chair of our Board. Communications are distributed to the Board, or to any individual director as appropriate depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. In that regard, the Board has requested that certain items which are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board should be excluded. In addition, material that is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly unsuitable will be excluded, with the provision that any communication that is filtered out must be made available to any non-management director upon request. Every effort has been made to ensure that the views of stockholders are heard by the Board or individual directors, as applicable, and that appropriate responses are provided to stockholders in a timely manner. Stockholder Engagement We value the views of our stockholders. We believe stockholder engagement helps us understand stockholder perspectives and priorities and gives us an opportunity to take stockholder viewpoints into account as we review and evolve our practices and disclosures. We initiated our stockholder engagement program in 2021. As part of this process, since our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, we sought meetings or met with stockholders representing over 40% of our outstanding shares, excluding our affiliates. Through this program, | Page 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS our team met with governance professionals from active and passive funds as well as portfolio managers from active funds. Topics discussed included, but were not limited to: Environmental disclosures; Executive compensation; Human capital matters; and Corporate governance. Senior representatives from CrowdStrike s human resources, investor relations and legal teams attended these meetings and communicated stockholder feedback to our Board members for them to take into account as appropriate. We expect to continue our engagement program to maintain an open dialogue and ensure that we have an understanding of our stockholders perspectives. Aside from our stockholder engagement program, we also engage with stockholders via quarterly earnings calls, analyst meetings, investor road shows, industry conferences and company-hosted events. Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that address items such as the qualifications and responsibilities of our directors and director candidates, including independence standards, and corporate governance policies and standards applicable to us in general. In addition, our Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all our employees, officers and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other executive and senior financial officers. The full text of our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are posted on our website at ir.crowdstrike.com. We will post amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or any waivers of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for directors and executive officers on the same website or in filings under the Exchange Act. Insider Trading Policy CrowdStrike maintains an insider trading policy governing the purchase , sale, and gifts of our securities by directors, officers, employees, and certain contractors and consultants (together, CrowdStrike Personnel ), as well as anyone living in the household of CrowdStrike Personnel and any individuals or entities whose securities transactions are subject to the influence or control of CrowdStrike Personnel. We believe our insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance by CrowdStrike Personnel with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the listing standards applicable to us. Our insider trading policy also subjects our directors, officers and certain other employees to additional trading restrictions. The foregoing summary of our insider trading policy does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the policy, a copy of which can be found as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. Equity Grant Practices In response to Item 402(x)(1) of Regulation S-K, we do not time the grant of awards of stock options, stock appreciation rights or similar option-like instruments based on when we release material, non-public information, nor do we time the release of material, non-public information based on the grant dates of such equity awards. During fiscal 2025, (i) none of our named executive officers ( NEOs ) were awarded stock options and (ii) we did not time the disclosure of material non-public information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation. Environmental, Social and Governance CrowdStrike believes creating positive, global impact begins with us and that starts with our responsibility to our customers because protecting our customers means protecting the integrity and securing the infrastructure of businesses across the globe. It not only requires strengthening our commitment to fighting adversaries every single day but the courage to hold ourselves accountable to being the change we want to see in the world. Page 18 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Our social impact efforts are led by our executive leadership team and are reviewed by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors. We are proud to earn recognition for our efforts through accolades such as being named to the 2025 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For , 2024 Fortune Best Workplaces in Technology , 2024 Best Workplaces for Parents lists, and 2024 PEOPLE Companies that Care. Sustainability As an organization that allows for both remote and hybrid working arrangements, we can hire the best and the brightest wherever they are. This helps reduce our environmental footprint by decreasing long commutes and the impact that comes with operating a large number of physical offices. Furthermore, a majority of our leased offices larger than 2,000 square feet are located in buildings that have received environmental certifications, including Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method (BREEAM) and Energy Star certifications. We have focused our efforts for CrowdStrike data centers with environmental considerations in mind. We have chosen locations with more sustainable power with a lower carbon footprint and have provided funds to partially offset our data center emissions. When feasible, we have chosen servers with lower power demands and we adjust power to our servers based on demand to minimize energy utilized. We are working to systematize our metrics and reporting to ensure we are following best practices and so we can measure our impact over time. In fiscal 2025, we worked with Watershed Technology, Inc. to reduce our Scope 2 GHG emissions from electricity consumption by purchasing and retiring high-quality Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs). Furthermore, in January 2024, we submitted our commitment letter to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) committing to set near- and long-term company-wide GHG emission reductions in line with science-based net-zero targets within 24 months of submission. In addition, in connection with Earth Day 2024, CrowdStrike employees engaged in a variety of initiatives, including the Forest Nation Tree Planting Challenge and numerous learning opportunities relating to sustainable action. Accessibility CrowdStrike takes the accessibility of its products seriously, and we review our products for compliance on a recurring basis. In particular, we focus on screen reader compatibility for visually impaired users and color/contrast configurability to optimize our experience for various classes of color-blindness. Our quality assurance team is also trained and equipped to assist with testing for accessibility, and we work with external auditors to help identify any deficiencies. CrowdStrike is committed to expanding our compliance with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1-AA, Section 508, and EN 301 549. We have invested, and intend to continue to invest in, the ongoing improvement of the accessibility of our products for differently abled users. Governance We strive to maintain high governance standards. Our commitment to effective corporate governance is illustrated by the following practices: We have a one share, one vote structure (our dual class structure was sunset in fiscal 2025). Seven out of nine of our directors are independent. The Chairperson of our Board is independent. Our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees are comprised of independent directors. Our Board and Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees perform annual self-assessments. The leadership structure of our Board is reviewed annually. Our independent directors regularly meet in executive session. | Page 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Board and Board committees may hire outside advisors independently of management. Our insider trading policy contains anti-hedging and anti-pledging provisions. We have not adopted a poison pill stockholder rights plan. Data Privacy and Protection At CrowdStrike, we are in the business of data protection. We have a dedicated privacy team that partners with our security and legal teams to maintain a comprehensive program. We believe that cybersecurity is fundamental to data protection, and proper data protection is critical for all. We understand profoundly how critical cybersecurity is, not only to compliance but to protecting privacy. This is why we: Develop innovative technologies designed to stop breaches and protect our customers. Uphold the privacy principles of lawfulness, fairness and transparency, purpose limitation, data minimization, accuracy and accountability. Incorporate Privacy-by-Design into the development of our offerings. Provide strong data protection commitments to our customers in our Global Data Protection Agreement. Require annual privacy training for all of our employees who handle personal data. Provide data processing transparency through our offerings and customer documentation. Mandate strict privacy commitments from our vendors and suppliers. Incorporate privacy considerations into our technology strategy and business decisions. Maintain global privacy notices designed to inform our employees and our customers of our commitments. Information Security CrowdStrike maintains an information security program, which is supervised by the Chief Information Security Officer whose team is responsible for managing enterprise-wide cybersecurity strategy, policy, standards, and architecture. The information security team is made up of industry experts from varied technology specialties and located throughout the world. This multidisciplinary team is organized into multiple sub-teams focused on implementing defensive measures, validating security controls, and simulating attacks to test defenses, and is engaged in a continuous communication feedback loop, designed with the same guiding security principles and industry-leading tooling that we bring to all of our customers. Some information security program highlights include: We maintain a 24x7x365 staffing program, resulting in rapid security incident response times and resolution. Through the utilization of automation, our security teams are able to effectively scale security operational presence across the organization, reducing human error and freeing up staff to focus on higher value, higher-priority work. Zero Trust security framework principles are utilized to minimize the risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data and applications by implementing strict access controls and authentication mechanisms. Our teams engage in cross-organization exercises to ensure response plans are clearly established. CrowdStrike personnel, including certain contractors, undergo background checks where permitted by law. Page 20 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Our programs and systems undergo rigorous audits (including SOC II and FedRAMP) by independent organizations which help validate the security posture. The Security Architecture team is engaged to ensure that security considerations are systematically incorporated into operations to promote secure business growth. Our internal security testing team engages with external parties to validate our external and internal security posture through bi-annual penetration testing led by top-tier security firms as well as actively engaging with the researcher community via the CrowdStrike Bug Bounty program. All CrowdStrike employees are required to take annual information security and compliance training. Securing our Future We are committed to protecting local and global communities by investing in programs that keep our industry secure, help advance important causes and that nurture the next generation of talent. CrowdStrike funds a variety of scholarships and grants to help develop the next generation of talent and resources in cybersecurity and artificial intelligence ( AI ) across the globe through the CrowdStrike Foundation (our donor advised fund managed by Charities Aid Foundation), corporate-directed giving and corporate-matching. Major programs include: NextGen Scholarship Program for undergraduate and graduate students studying cybersecurity and/or AI. Philanthropic investments in our communities through our support of more than 100 nonprofits globally, including: Operation Motorsport Foundation, Center for Infrastructure Assurance and Security, India STEM Foundation, SATRO, Raise Mentorship, Cyber Texas, BRDG to Connect, and more. Paid time off through our CrowdStrike Cares program to support local communities through philanthropy, volunteering, and other activities. In fiscal 2025, CrowdStrike also provided select nonprofit organizations with access to its Falcon platform pro bono. | Page 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation The Compensation Committee evaluates the appropriate level and form of compensation for non-employee directors and recommends compensation changes to the Board when appropriate. Under our Outside Director Compensation Policy (as amended, the Policy ), our non-employee directors receive equity awards and cash retainers as compensation for service on our Board and certain of its committees. This Policy is intended to enable us to attract qualified directors, provide them with compensation at a level that is consistent with our compensation objectives and, in the case of equity-based compensation, align their interests with those of our stockholders. The Policy was updated in fiscal 2025. Under this Policy, non-employee directors receive the following annual cash retainers, payable in quarterly installments: Non-executive Board chair: $50,000 Board member: $40,000 Audit Committee chair: $25,000 Audit Committee member: $12,500 Compensation Committee chair: $20,000 Compensation Committee member: $10,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee chair: $10,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee member: $5,000 Non-employee directors may elect to receive such annual cash retainers in the form of shares of common stock. Non-employee directors also receive equity-based compensation in the form of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) with respect to shares of common stock granted pursuant to our Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan ( 2011 Plan ) and our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan ( 2019 Plan ). Each non-employee director will be automatically granted the following awards upon first joining our Board: an initial RSU award with a grant date fair value of $375,000, vesting annually over three years, subject to continued service on the Board; plus an annual RSU award with a grant date fair value of $250,000, pro-rated based on the director s length of service prior to the next annual meeting of stockholders. This award will vest on the earlier of (i) the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders held after the director first joins the Board or (ii) the date on which the other directors annual awards described below for such year vest, subject to continued service on the Board. On the day of the Annual Meeting, each continuing non-employee director will be granted: an annual RSU award with a grant date fair value of $250,000, vesting in full on the earlier of (i) the one-year anniversary of the date of grant or (ii) the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders held after the date of grant, in each case, subject to continued service on the Board. In the event of a change in control (as defined under the 2019 Plan), all of our non-employee directors equity awards will become fully vested, subject to such non-employee director s continuous service through the date of such change in control. In addition, we reimburse all our directors for their reasonable travel expenses incurred in attending meetings of our Board or committees as well as pre-approved out of pocket expenses to attend director continuing education events. Our non-employee directors may also be eligible to receive other compensation and benefits, including reasonable personal benefits and perquisites such as health insurance coverage, as determined by us from time to time. Our 2019 Plan contains maximum limits, which were approved by our stockholders prior to our 2019 Plan becoming effective, on the aggregate amount of cash compensation and equity awards that can be paid, issued or granted to each of our non-employee directors in any fiscal year, but those maximum limits do not reflect the intended size of any potential payments or grants or a commitment to make any payments or equity award grants to our non-employee directors in the future, other than as set forth in the Policy. Page 22 | TABLE OF CONTENTS The following table reflects information regarding the compensation of our non-employee directors for fiscal 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) Option Awards ($) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total Compensation ($) Roxanne S. Austin 65,000 249,676 - 20,876 335,552 Cary J. Davis 55,625 249,676 - - 305,301 Johanna Flower 40,000 249,676 - 29,767 319,443 Sameer K. Gandhi 54,167 249,676 - - 303,843 Denis J. O Leary 47,083 249,676 - - 296,759 Laura J. Schumacher 47,917 249,676 - - 297,593 Godfrey R. Sullivan 51,458 249,676 - - 301,134 Gerhard Watzinger 106,458 249,676 - 20,876 377,010 (1) Non-employee directors may elect to receive their annual cash retainer in the form of shares of common stock. The following table provides the number of shares of common stock received in lieu of cash by each non-employee director for fiscal 2025: Name Shares of Common Stock Received Cary J. Davis 157 Johanna Flower 113 Sameer K. Gandhi 153 Denis J. O Leary 133 Laura J. Schumacher 134 Gerhard Watzinger 302 (2) The amounts in this column reflect the grant date fair values of the restricted stock units granted to our non-employee directors during fiscal 2025, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, excluding the effect of estimated forfeitures and the value of restricted stock units granted in lieu of the director s annual cash retainer as described in footnote 1 above. The actual value, if any, realized by our non-employee directors for these awards is a function of the value of the shares underlying these awards if and when they vest. For additional information on how we account for equity-based compensation, see Note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2025, which was filed with the SEC on March 10, 2025. (3) Each entry represents the value of health insurance benefits provided to the respective director during the fiscal year. As of January 31, 2025, the aggregate number of shares subject to outstanding equity awards held by our non-employee directors was: Name Shares Underlying Stock Awards (1) Shares Underlying Options (2) Roxanne S. Austin 641 107,188 Cary J. Davis 641 - Johanna Flower 1,879 - Sameer K. Gandhi 641 - Denis J. O Leary 641 - Laura J. Schumacher 641 - Godfrey R. Sullivan 641 - Gerhard Watzinger 641 - (1) Each entry represents the number of shares underlying any outstanding unvested restricted stock unit award. (2) Each entry represents the aggregate number of any shares underlying unexercised options and any unvested shares acquired upon early exercise of options. | Page 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 2 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee of the Board has selected PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as CrowdStrike s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026 and has further directed that management submit the selection of its independent registered public accounting firm for ratification by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has audited the Company s financial statements since 2016. Representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP are expected to be present during the Annual Meeting. They will have an opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. Neither the Company s amended and restated bylaws nor other governing documents or law require stockholder ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. However, the Audit Committee of the Board is submitting the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. If the stockholders fail to ratify the selection, the Audit Committee of the Board will reconsider whether to retain that firm. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee of the Board in its discretion may direct the appointment of different independent auditors at any time during the year if they determine that such a change would be in the best interests of CrowdStrike and its stockholders. The affirmative FOR vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter is required to ratify the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Abstentions will not be counted as votes cast. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following table represents aggregate fees billed to CrowdStrike for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, CrowdStrike s principal accountant. Fiscal Year (in thousands) 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 5,643 $ 3,854 Audit-related Fees (2) - - Tax Fees (3) 604 593 All Other Fees (4) 2 7 Total Fees $ 6,249 $ 4,454 (1) Audit Fees consist of fees for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, including audited financial statements presented in our annual report on Form 10-K, review of our quarterly financial statements presented in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. (2) Audit-related Fees consist of aggregate fees for accounting consultations and other services that were reasonably related to the performance of audits or reviews of our consolidated financial statements and were not reported above under Audit Fees. This category includes fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations, due diligence related to mergers, acquisitions, and investments, and accounting consultations about the application of generally accepted accounting principles to proposed transactions. (3) Tax Fees consist of tax return preparation, international and domestic tax studies, consulting and planning. (4) All Other Fees consist of the cost of a subscription to an accounting research tool. All fees described above were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. Page 24 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures The Audit Committee has adopted a policy and procedures for the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services rendered by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The policy generally pre-approves specified services in the defined categories of audit services, audit-related services and tax services. Pre-approval may also be given as part of the Audit Committee s approval of the scope of the engagement of the independent auditor or on an individual, explicit, case-by-case basis before the independent auditor is engaged to provide each service. The pre-approval of services may be delegated to one or more of the Audit Committee s members, but the decision must be reported to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee has determined that the rendering of services other than audit services by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is compatible with maintaining the principal accountant s independence. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP AS CROWDSTRIKE S INDEPENDENT AUDITOR FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING JANUARY 31, 2026. | Page 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Discussion and Analysis TABLE OF CONTENTS Page 1 Business Performance Highlights 26 2 Our Approach to Executive Compensation 28 Role of Stockholders 28 Compensation Philosophy 29 Executive Compensation Practices Policies 30 Peer Group Used for Fiscal 2025 Executive Compensation Analysis 30 Compensation Setting Process 31 Performance-Based Pay and Goal Setting 31 3 Fiscal 2025 Compensation Program and Results 33 Base Salary 33 Annual Cash Incentive Awards 33 Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation 36 Page 401(k) Plan 38 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 38 Health and Welfare Benefits 38 Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits 38 Offer Letters, Employment Agreements and Change in Control Arrangements 39 Stock Ownership Guidelines 39 Recoupment of Incentive Compensation, or Clawback, Policy 39 Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy 39 Tax and Accounting Considerations 40 Compensation Risk Assessment 40 Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 41 Our Fiscal 2025 Named Executive Officers George Kurtz President, Chief Executive Officer Founder Michael Sentonas President Burt Podbere Chief Financial Officer Shawn Henry Former Chief Security Officer 1 Business Performance Highlights CrowdStrike continued to deliver strong financial and operational performance in fiscal 2025. Highlights include: Annual Recurring Revenue . (5) ARR increased 23% as compared to our fiscal year ended January 31, 2024 ( fiscal 2024 ) to reach $4.24 billion as of January 31, 2025. Revenue . Fiscal 2025 revenue grew 29% to reach $3.95 billion. Cash Flow . Fiscal 2025 cash flow from operations increased 18% to reach a new record of $1.38 billion. Free cash flow increased 14%, growing to $1.07 billion. (6) Net Income . Fiscal 2025 GAAP net loss attributable to CrowdStrike of $19 million and non-GAAP net income attributable to CrowdStrike of $988 million. (7) Customers . We are trusted by more than 74,000 organizations, including our end customers and those of our Managed Security Service Providers (MSSP), an increase of over 30% year-over-year. CrowdStrike s performance was achieved through continued execution on multiple fronts in fiscal 2025. Innovation and business milestones from the year include: Announcing the general availability of Charlotte AI Detection Triage, a major breakthrough in agentic AI-driven security operations. Announcing the general availability of Falcon Application Security Posture Management (ASPM) as an integrated part of Falcon Cloud Security. (5) ARR is calculated as the annualized value of our customer subscription contracts as of the measurement date, assuming any contract that expires during the next 12 months is renewed on its existing terms. To the extent that we are negotiating a renewal with a customer after the expiration of the subscription, we continue to include that revenue in ARR if we are actively in discussion with such an organization for a new subscription or renewal, or until such organization notifies us that it is not renewing its subscription. (6) See Appendix A of this Proxy Statement for a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. (7) See Appendix A of this Proxy Statement for a reconciliation of non-GAAP net income attributable to CrowdStrike to GAAP net income (loss) attributable to CrowdStrike. Page 26 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Acquiring Adaptive Shield, a leader in SaaS security, making CrowdStrike the only cybersecurity vendor to provide unified, end-to-end protection against identity-based attacks across the entire modern cloud ecosystem. Launching Falcon for Defender, augmenting Microsoft Defender deployments to stop missed attacks. Setting a new speed benchmark for cybersecurity threat detection, identifying and alerting on a sophisticated eCrime adversary attack in just four minutes during the closed-book MITRE Engenuity s ATT CK Evaluations: Managed Services-Round 2. Achieving Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) authorization for Falcon Next-Gen SIEM, Falcon for IT, Falcon Data Protection and Falcon Exposure Management. Expanding CrowdStrike s module adoption rates, which were 67%, 48%, 32%, and 21% for five or more, six or more, seven or more and eight or more modules, respectively, as of January 31, 2025. (8) Our business performance has resulted in a stock price that has appreciated considerably, looking at the five-year period ended January 31, 2025. We have continued to deliver meaningful long-term total shareholder return ( TSR ) during this period and trend above the aggregate TSR performance of key indices such as the S P 500 Index and the Nasdaq 100. The chart below shows how a $100 investment in CrowdStrike s common stock on January 31, 2020 would have grown to $651.61 on January 31, 2025. (8) Module adoption rates are calculated by taking the total number of customers with five or more, six or more, seven or more and eight or more modules, respectively, divided by the total number of subscription customers (excluding Falcon Go customers). Falcon Go customers are defined as customers who have subscribed with the Falcon Go bundle, a package designed for organizations with 100 endpoints or less. | Page 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS The supplemental disclosure chart below shows CrowdStrike s aggregate TSR performance against the Global X Cybersecurity ETF (BUG) and the Bessemer Venture Partners Nasdaq Emerging Cloud Index (EMCLOUD). We believe these additional indices provide a helpful comparison of our performance against a basket of other cybersecurity stocks and emerging cloud stocks. The Compensation Committee believes that the fiscal 2025 compensation for our NEOs is commensurate with CrowdStrike s growth, performance and the significance of the roles each NEO plays in continuing to scale the business to that of a more mature public company that has goals and impact priorities designed to be realized over the next several years. The Compensation Committee also took into consideration the talent environment in which we operate to ensure that our compensation programs are designed to strengthen our ability to continue to attract and retain the caliber of executives needed to sustain our success. This Executive Compensation Discussion and Analysis section describes our executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices upon which our executive compensation program is based, including the compensation paid to our NEOs for fiscal 2025. 2 Our Approach to Executive Compensation Role of Stockholders We value our stockholders opinions and feedback and are committed to maintaining an active dialogue to understand their priorities and concerns. Since our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, we have continued our stockholder engagement program, seeking meetings or meeting with stockholders holding over 40% of our outstanding shares. Through this program, we engaged with our stockholders to, among other things, discuss our executive compensation practices and solicit feedback to inform our Compensation Committee s deliberations as it considers how to incentivize performance and set appropriate goals as our company continues to mature. Influenced in part by our conversations with our stockholders, in March 2024, we adopted stock ownership guidelines for our independent directors and executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer. We believe that ongoing engagement builds mutual trust and alignment with our stockholders and is essential to our long-term success. Page 28 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Philosophy Our compensation philosophy is designed to attract, motivate and retain talent critical to our success. By emphasizing performance-based compensation, we align executive interests with those of our stockholders and encourage a culture of innovation and operational excellence. This approach drives sustainable growth and long-term value creation. We achieve these objectives through programs that: Provide a competitive total pay opportunity for top talent who possess best-in-class skills, experience and leadership required to drive and expand our business in a dynamic, innovative and highly competitive environment; Deliver a significant portion of our executive s pay through performance-based incentives that are tied to meeting rigorous financial and operating goals, as well as the performance of our stock; and Emphasize long-term performance, retention and alignment with stockholders by significantly weighting our executives compensation towards long-term equity incentives, multi-year vesting and challenging performance requirements. In fiscal 2025, we continued to enhance the alignment of our executive compensation programs with our compensation philosophy by delivering a significant portion of our NEOs annual compensation through performance-based and long-term incentives. On average, 93.3% of our NEOs annual compensation was tied to long-term incentives. 50% of our NEOs annual long-term incentive equity awards consisted of performance-based stock units ( PSUs ) and vesting of these PSUs requires the achievement of rigorous financial targets. In addition, 50.1% of our NEOs total compensation is performance-based, with payout or vesting based on the achievement of financial or operational goals. These metrics exclude Shawn Henry, who retired from his role as Chief Security Officer effective as of March 31, 2025 and did not receive any equity compensation in fiscal 2025. Mr. Henry remains with the Company and has transitioned to the role of Executive Advisor to the CEO, focused on cybersecurity advocacy and resilience. The payout of both annual cash and long-term equity incentive awards is based on achievement of pre-established financial performance goals that emphasize responsible growth through the inclusion of both top and bottom-line metrics. (1) Excludes Mr. Henry, who retired from his role as Chief Security Officer effective as of March 31, 2025 and did not receive any equity compensation in fiscal 2025. | Page 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Practices Policies Our executive compensation program incorporates the following corporate governance best practices designed to protect the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with high standards of risk management. We are committed to sound executive compensation policies and practices, as highlighted in the following table: Summary of Key Compensation Practices: What We Do: Pay-for-Performance Philosophy . We align pay and performance by awarding a substantial portion of the compensation paid to our executives in the form of at-risk performance-based compensation linked to achievement of rigorous performance goals. Balanced Short-Term and Long-Term Compensation . We grant compensation that discourages short-term risk taking at the expense of long-term results. Maintain an Independent Compensation Committee . Our Compensation Committee is comprised solely of independent directors with extensive industry experience. Maintain an Independent Compensation Committee Advisor . The Compensation Committee engages its own independent compensation consultant. Conduct Annual Compensation Review . The Compensation Committee conducts a review at least annually of our executive compensation philosophy and strategy, including a review of the compensation peer group used for comparative purposes. Perform Annual Compensation-Related Risk Assessment . We have strong risk and control policies, we take risk management into account in making executive compensation decisions, and we conduct an annual risk assessment of our executive and broad-based compensation programs to promote prudent risk management. Maintain Stock Ownership Guidelines . We have robust stock ownership guidelines and holding requirements for our executive officers. Maintain a Clawback Policy . We maintain a clawback policy that provides for the recoupment of incentive compensation in compliance with applicable law. What We Do Not Do: No Special Executive Retirement Plans . We do not offer pension arrangements or retirement plans or similar arrangements with our NEOs that are different from or in addition to those offered to our other employees. No Excise Tax Gross-Ups. We do not provide any gross-ups for excise taxes that our employees might owe as a result of the application of Sections 280G or 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC ). No Single-Trigger Change in Control Arrangements . Since the time of our IPO, we have not provided for single-trigger acceleration of compensation or benefits solely upon a change in control. No Excessive Perks . We generally do not provide any excessive perquisites to our NEOs. Do Not Permit Hedging . We prohibit directors and employees, including our NEOs, from hedging CrowdStrike securities. Do Not Permit Pledging . We prohibit employees, including NEOs, from pledging CrowdStrike securities without the consent of our Legal Department. Peer Group Used for Fiscal 2025 Executive Compensation Analysis On an annual basis, the Compensation Committee reviews and approves the composition of the peer group used for compensation comparison purposes. In determining if any changes were necessary for fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee, with the assistance of its independent compensation consultant, Compensia Inc. ( Compensia ), considered the following peer group selection criteria: Companies in the technology industry, with a preference for software-as-a-service (SaaS) and Internet/network security software companies to reflect CrowdStrike s competition for executive talent; Annual revenue of between approximately 0.5x 2x of CrowdStrike s last four quarters of revenue; Market capitalization between approximately 0.25x 4x of CrowdStrike s market capitalization; and High-growth companies with strong revenue growth and market capitalization as a multiple of revenue. Page 30 | TABLE OF CONTENTS For fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee assessed and retained the fiscal 2024 peer group without any modifications. Fiscal 2025 Peer Group Atlassian MongoDB Snap BILL Holdings Okta Snowflake Block Palantir Technologies The Trade Desk Cloudflare Palo Alto Networks Twilio Datadog Pinterest Workday Enphase Energy Roblox Zoom Video Communications Fortinet ServiceNow Zscaler HubSpot Shopify Our continued strong growth trajectory is reflected in our performance relative to our peer group. The following chart shows CrowdStrike s position within the peer group on three screening criteria, based on each peer company s publicly reported trailing four quarters financial data as of September 1, 2023. (1) (1) Financial data per S P Capital IQ as of September 1, 2023. Market Cap based on the 30-day average as of September 1, 2023. Compensation Setting Process When determining recommendations for our NEOs fiscal 2025 compensation levels, the Compensation Committee considered how our NEOs compared to the compensation levels for comparable positions in the peer group. In addition to referencing data from proxy statements and current reports on Form 8-K filings of our peer group, the Compensation Committee also reviewed survey data drawn from Radford custom peer group surveys as a supplemental data source. The Compensation Committee establishes base salaries, annual cash incentive awards and long-term equity-based incentive awards on a case-by-case basis for each NEO taking into consideration: (i) individual performance, role expertise and experience, (ii) Company performance, (iii) competitive market conditions, (iv) succession planning, (v) retention and external opportunities potentially available to our executives, (vi) internal equity among internal peers, (vii) unrealized equity gains and (viii) best compensation governance practices. While the Compensation Committee considers a multitude of factors in its deliberations, it places no formal weighting on any one factor. The Compensation Committee does not tie individual compensation to specific target pay percentiles but rather makes a determination based on inputs from the CEO (except with respect to his own compensation), as well as the directors knowledge and judgment in assessing the various factors that would best further the principles and objectives of our executive compensation program. Performance-Based Pay and Goal Setting The Compensation Committee engages in a rigorous and deliberate process in setting revenue and profitability performance targets that are used in our annual cash and long-term equity incentive plans. Each year, the Compensation Committee reviews and determines the appropriateness of thresholds, maximums and interim payout levels for each metric by considering past performance, business expectations, potential customer / market scenarios and macroeconomic conditions. The performance goals are intended to be challenging but achievable without encouraging inappropriate risk-taking, with maximums that can be reached only with exceptional performance. The fiscal 2025 performance targets were directly linked to our annual operating plan. | Page 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Performance-Based Pay Component Metrics Rationale Annual Cash Incentive (Corporate Incentive Plan) Non-GAAP Operating Income Net New ARR Net Retention Rate Motivates our NEOs to achieve short-term business objectives that drive growth of the Company Performance-based, not guaranteed Performance-Based Stock Units Revenue Growth Percent Non-GAAP Earnings Per Share ( EPS ) Aligns our NEOs interests with those of our stockholders by focusing on the creation and maintenance of long-term stockholder value Role of the Compensation Committee and the Board The Compensation Committee, which is composed entirely of independent directors, establishes our overall compensation philosophy and objectives, and is responsible for establishing, overseeing and evaluating our executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee s responsibilities include, but are not limited to, reviewing and approving: Our peer group; Our compensation philosophy and objectives; The specific compensation of our NEOs, other than (i) equity grants to our NEOs, and (ii) the compensation of our CEO, where the Compensation Committee makes recommendations to our Board. Following such recommendation, and after discussion with the members of the Compensation Committee regarding their assessment and recommendations, the Board makes the final determination of our CEO s compensation and approves equity grants to our NEOs; Annual and long-term incentive plans and benefit plans; and Annual proxy statement/Executive Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) disclosure. Role of Compensation Consultant Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee has the authority to engage its own legal counsel and other advisors, including compensation consultants, to assist in carrying out its responsibilities. The Compensation Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such advisor and has sole authority to approve all such advisors fees and other retention terms. Pursuant to this authority, for fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee engaged Compensia to provide independent advice on matters relating to our executive compensation program. Compensia supports the Compensation Committee by: Attending Compensation Committee meetings as requested and communicating with the Compensation Committee chair outside of meetings; Providing independent advice to the Compensation Committee regarding competitive market practices, assessments and trends and advising on plans or practices that may improve the design and structure of our executive compensation program; Reviewing the CD A and other compensation-related disclosures in our proxy statements; and Updating the Compensation Committee on corporate governance and regulatory issues and developments. The Compensation Committee may replace its compensation consultant or hire additional advisors at any time. Compensia has not provided any other services to us and has received no compensation other than with respect to the services described above. The Compensation Committee has evaluated Compensia s independence by considering the requirements adopted by Nasdaq and the SEC, and has determined that its relationship with Compensia does not raise any conflict of interest. As part of the Compensation Committee s determination of Compensia s independence, it received written confirmation from Compensia addressing these factors and supporting the independence determination . Role of Management The Compensation Committee consults with members of our management team, including our CEO and our human resources, finance and legal professionals when making compensation decisions. Our CEO works closely with the Compensation Committee and provides the Compensation Committee with performance assessments and compensation recommendations for each NEO other than himself, based on Page 32 | TABLE OF CONTENTS each NEO s level of performance and corporate performance, retention risk and taking into consideration market practices. While the Compensation Committee considers our CEO s recommendations, the Compensation Committee ultimately uses its own business judgment and experience in approving, or making recommendations to the Board where applicable, regarding individual compensation elements and the amount of each element for our NEOs. Our CEO recuses himself from all determinations regarding his own compensation. 3 Fiscal 2025 Compensation Program and Results Our executive compensation program is designed to motivate and reward outstanding performance commensurate with CrowdStrike s performance. Our executive compensation philosophy provides for a compensation structure which pays base salaries to our NEOs that represent a relatively small percentage of their total compensation, while offering them the opportunity to earn a significant portion of their compensation in the form of performance-based compensation ( i.e. , annual cash and long-term equity incentive awards). Each of the compensation elements for our NEOs for fiscal 2025 is discussed in detail below. Base Salary We believe that a competitive base salary is a necessary element of our executive compensation program to attract and retain top performing senior executives. Base salaries provide a fixed source of compensation to our NEOs, allowing them a modest degree of certainty relative to the significant portion of their compensation that is based on performance and dependent on our stock price. In early fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee reviewed the base salaries of our NEOs, taking into consideration a competitive market analysis performed by Compensia, which included a review of the market data of the compensation peer group for our executive officer positions and an evaluation of the compensation levels of our NEOs. Taking into consideration the factors described in the Compensation Setting Process section and tailoring each NEO s pay to reflect their respective role, responsibility and performance with rates of pay of those at comparable companies, under the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, the Board approved the following base salary increases for fiscal year 2025: Fiscal 2025 Base Salary Increases Name Fiscal 2024 Base Salary Fiscal 2025 Base Salary (1) Mr. Kurtz $ 950,000 $ 1,000,000 Mr. Sentonas $ 625,000 $ 750,000 Mr. Podbere $ 625,000 $ 675,000 Mr. Henry $ 600,000 $ 600,000 (1) Increases to base salaries for fiscal 2025 were effective as of February 1, 2024. Annual Cash Incentive Awards We use cash incentive awards to motivate our NEOs to achieve our short-term financial objectives while making progress towards our longer-term growth and value creation. Target annual cash incentive opportunities are defined as a percentage of base salary. For fiscal 2025, Messrs. Kurtz, Sentonas and Podbere were eligible to participate in the Company s Corporate Incentive Plan ( CIP ). For Mr. Henry, 50% of his annual cash incentive opportunity was tied to the CIP and the remaining 50% was tied to the CrowdStrike Leadership Incentive Plan (the LIP ). The Compensation Committee determined that given his role and his focus on driving sales and supporting customer needs, Mr. Henry should have short-term incentive opportunities that more closely align with those of his team. | Page 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS After considering the market analysis conducted by Compensia and taking into consideration factors described in the Compensation Setting Process section, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board approved that our NEOs target annual cash bonus opportunities for fiscal 2025 (as a percentage of base salary) remain at the same levels as for fiscal 2024: Name Fiscal 2024 Target Bonus Fiscal 2025 Target Bonus Mr. Kurtz 125 % 125 % Mr. Sentonas 100 % 100 % Mr. Podbere 100 % 100 % Mr. Henry 50 % 50 % Fiscal 2025 Corporate Incentive Plan (CIP) Under the fiscal 2025 CIP, we increased the weighting of the non-GAAP operating income metric from 20% for the fiscal 2024 CIP to 30%. We believe that a weighted structure places the right balance of emphasis between top and bottom-line metrics as we continue to evolve and grow our business and this adjustment better aligns the NEO incentives with our strategic focus on sustainable profitability and operational performance. Each of our NEOs had the opportunity to earn between 0% and 138% (subject to the Net Retention Rate modifier, as described below) of their target annual opportunity based on performance against the following three financial targets: Performance Metrics Description Non-GAAP Operating Income (9) (30% weighting) Non-GAAP operating income is an indicator of profitability that eliminates the effects of events that either are not part of our core operations or are non-cash as well as the impact of income taxes. The non-GAAP operating income portion of the CIP is only funded if at least 85% of our non-GAAP operating income target is met within the performance period. Specifically, funding under the CIP as a percentage of our non-GAAP operating income target is determined in accordance with the following table: Achievement Against Target Payout Less than 85% No payout 85% 100% 25% 100% payout (with linear interpolation between 85% 100% achievement levels) Greater than 100% up to 110% 100% 110% payout (with linear interpolation between 100% 110% achievement levels) Greater than 110% Capped at 110% payout 2025 Target and Results Aggregate of Fiscal 2025 Quarterly Targets Average of Quarterly Achievement Percentages $886.5 million 108.6% Net New Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) (70% weighting) Revenue is a primary financial indicator of our growth and stockholder value creation. It is what our investors look to as a measure of our success at selling our solutions, innovating and competing in the marketplace. Specifically for the CIP, we focus on net new ARR. The net new ARR portion of the CIP is only funded if at least 80% of our net new ARR target is met within the performance period. Specifically, funding under the CIP based on percentage achievement of our net new ARR target is determined in accordance with the following table: (9) Non-GAAP operating income is defined as GAAP income (loss) from operations excluding stock-based compensation expense, amortization of acquired intangible assets (including purchased patents), acquisition-related expenses (credits), net, mark-to-market adjustments on deferred compensation liabilities, legal reserve and settlement charges, and July 19 Incident related costs (recoveries), net. Page 34 | TABLE OF CONTENTS Achievement Against Target Payout Less than 80% No payout 80% 100% 25% 100% payout (with linear interpolation between 80% 100% achievement levels) Greater than 100% up to 110% 1.5x multiplier on over target achievement Greater than 110% 2x multiplier on over-target achievement, capped at 150% payout 2025 Target and Results Aggregate of Fiscal 2025 Quarterly Targets Average of Quarterly Achievement Percentages $775.0 million 104.1% Net Retention Rate (10) Net Retention Rate is an important indicator of our ability to retain and expand customers and our business health and is used as a modifier to determine the final payout under the CIP. Under the CIP, the Compensation Committee may apply an upward or downward modifier of up to 10% based on whether our Net Retention Rate exceeds or is less than the target for any quarter. For fiscal 2025, our quarterly Net Retention Rate target range was 115% 120%. Our Net Retention Rate was 119%, 118%, 115%, and 112% for the first, second, third, and fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, respectively, falling within our target range, other than with respect to the fourth quarter. For fiscal 2025, all three financial targets were measured and the awards under the CIP were paid out on a quarterly basis. Quarterly targets were set by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the process described in Performance-Based Pay and Goal Setting section. The Compensation Committee believes that these particular metrics and cadence of measurement are most in line with our business cycle, drive performance and more rapidly foster the growth of our business. The following table shows our NEOs target bonus opportunity and actual bonus earned for fiscal 2025 with respect to the CIP. For Mr. Henry, the total amount of his fiscal 2025 target bonus opportunity was $300,000 (50% of his base salary), with half tied to the CIP and the remaining half tied to the LIP (as discussed further below); the amounts noted in the following table reflect the portion of his target bonus opportunity that was tied to the CIP. Fiscal 2025 Targets Fiscal 2025 Actuals Name Target Bonus % of Base Target Bonus ($) % Bonus Achieved of Target Actual Bonus Earned ($) Mr. Kurtz 125 % $ 1,250,000 106.0 % $ 1,325,064 Mr. Sentonas 100 % $ 750,000 106.0 % $ 795,039 Mr. Podbere 100 % $ 675,000 106.0 % $ 715,534 Mr. Henry 25 % $ 150,000 106.0 % $ 159,009 (10) Our dollar-based net retention rate compares our ARR from a set of subscription customers against the same metric for those subscription customers from the prior year. Our dollar-based net retention rate reflects customer renewals, expansion, contraction, and churn, and excludes revenue from our incident response and proactive services. We calculate our dollar-based net retention rate as of period end by starting with the ARR from all subscription customers as of 12 months prior to such period end, or Prior Period ARR. We then calculate the ARR from these same subscription customers as of the current period end, or Current Period ARR. Current Period ARR includes any expansion and is net of contraction or churn over the trailing 12 months but excludes revenue from new subscription customers in the current period. We then divide the Current Period ARR by the Prior Period ARR to arrive at our dollar-based net retention rate. For the purposes of calculating our dollar-based net retention rate, we define a subscription customer as a separate legal entity that has entered into a distinct subscription agreement for access to our Falcon platform for which the term has not ended or with which we are negotiating a renewal contract. We do not consider our channel partners as customers, and we treat managed service security providers, who may purchase our products on behalf of multiple companies, as a single customer. | Page 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Fiscal 2025 CrowdStrike Leadership Incentive Plan (LIP) For fiscal 2025, half of Mr. Henry s annual cash incentive opportunity was tied to the LIP, which is 100% formulaic and tied to new logo sponsor bookings. Mr. Henry s LIP Metrics Performance Metrics Description Annual Contract Value (11) of New Logo Sponsor Bookings New logo subscription bookings closed during the fiscal year sourced directly by Mr. Henry A target annual quota was set for the goal, along with a base annual commission rate for bookings up to the target annual quota. The commission rate for bookings in excess of the target annual quota increased based on a sliding-scale of up to 250% of the base commission rate specified for achievement above 110% of the target annual quota. We are not disclosing the target annual quota or actual bookings in fiscal 2025, because these amounts represent confidential information, the disclosure of which would result in competitive harm (for example, by providing competitors insight into our sales strategy and business operations). Half of Mr. Henry s fiscal 2025 target bonus opportunity was tied to the CIP, as discussed in further detail under Fiscal 2025 Corporate Incentive Plan (CIP) above. The other half of Mr. Henry s fiscal 2025 target bonus opportunity was tied to the LIP. The table below sets forth the actual amount of commission incentives earned by Mr. Henry under the LIP for fiscal 2025. Fiscal 2025 Name Target Bonus Percentage (%) Target Bonus Payout ($) Total Actual Bonus Earned ($) Mr. Henry 25 % $ 150,000 $ 87,169 Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation Consistent with our philosophy of pay-for-performance, the majority of our NEOs annual compensation is provided in the form of long-term equity incentives that emphasizes long-term stockholder value creation and the retention of a strong executive leadership team through a balanced mix of PSUs and service-based RSUs. For fiscal 2025, the PSU performance metrics and weighting between PSUs and RSUs under our long-term equity incentive program remained the same as we believe the current design will align the interests of our NEOs with the interests of our stockholders in creating long-term value. The table below summarizes our fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025 long-term equity incentive compensation program design. FY 2024 and FY 2025 Elements / Metrics / Weightings Performance Stock Unit Revenue Growth Percentage Non-GAAP EPS (12) 50% Service-based RSU Four-year graded vesting 50% Performance-Based Stock Units Equity awards with performance-based vesting are a substantial, at-risk component of our NEOs compensation that is tied to CrowdStrike s business performance. Under the fiscal 2025 PSU plan, the number of PSUs earned depends entirely on CrowdStrike s actual achievement against two equally weighted metrics Revenue Growth Percentage ( RGP ) (13) and non-GAAP EPS (14) measured over a one-year performance period in (11) Annual contract value is defined as the value of the contract the customer committed to for the first 12 months of the contract period. (12) Non-GAAP EPS is defined as non-GAAP net income attributable to CrowdStrike, excluding the effect of acquisitions, divided by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding, which includes the dilutive effect of potentially dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during the period. (13) RGP is defined as the percentage increase of fiscal 2025 revenue relative to fiscal 2024 revenue, excluding the effect of acquisitions. (14) Non-GAAP EPS is defined as non-GAAP net income attributable to CrowdStrike, excluding the effect of acquisitions, divided by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding, which includes the dilutive effect of potentially dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during the period. Page 36 | TABLE OF CONTENTS accordance with the following table. The thresholds for both performance metrics have to be met before payout begins and there is a cap on the maximum payout at 200%. Revenue Growth Percentage Non-GAAP EPS Payout Below Threshold 28% $3.77 0% Threshold 28% $3.77 25% Target 31% $3.97 100% Max 32% $4.15 200% Above Max 32% $4.15 Capped at 200% In addition to performance requirements, the PSUs are subject to service-based vesting. Earned PSUs will vest as follows subject to the NEO s continued employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date: (i) 25% of the Earned PSUs will vest upon the one-year anniversary of the applicable vesting commencement date and (ii) the remaining 75% of the Earned PSUs will vest in equal installments quarterly over the next three years. Service-Based RSUs RSU awards with service-based vesting align the interest of our NEOs with the interests of our stockholders by promoting the stability and retention of high-performing executive team members over the longer term. The RSUs generally vest over a four-year period in 16 equal quarterly installments, provided the NEO remains employed with the Company though each applicable vesting date. Fiscal 2025 Annual Equity Incentive Awards Taking into consideration the factors described in the Compensation Setting Process section, the Compensation Committee recommended the Board approve the following RSU and target PSU awards to our NEOs in fiscal 2025. The Board approved the awards with respect to the dollar amounts below, and the actual number of RSUs and target PSUs granted to each NEO was determined by reference to the average closing price of our common stock as reported on Nasdaq for 