=== CRWD_2026-03-05.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below, or of additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A common stock, or common stock, could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. Below is a summary of some of these risks. This summary is not complete, and should be read together with the entire section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other filings that we make with the SEC. The July 19 Incident has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, sales, customer and partner relations, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we do not manage our future growth, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. We have a history of losses, and while we have achieved profitability in certain periods, including fiscal 2024, we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. If organizations do not adopt cloud-based SaaS-delivered endpoint security solutions, our ability to grow our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. If we are unable to successfully enhance our existing products and services and introduce new products and services in response to rapid technological changes and market developments as well as evolving security threats, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed. If we are unable to attract new customers, our future results of operations could be harmed. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our products and add additional cloud modules to their subscriptions, our future results of operations could be harmed. Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If our solutions fail or are perceived to fail to detect or prevent incidents or have or are perceived to have defects, errors, or vulnerabilities, our brand and reputation would be harmed, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. As a cybersecurity provider, we have been, and expect to continue to be, a target of cyberattacks. If our or our service providers internal networks, systems, or data are or are perceived to have been compromised, our reputation may be damaged and our financial results may be negatively affected. We rely on third-party data centers, such as Amazon Web Services, and our own colocation data centers to host and operate our Falcon platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of these facilities may negatively affect our ability to maintain the performance and reliability of our Falcon platform, which could cause our business to suffer. 21 Table of Contents We rely on our key technical, sales and management personnel to grow our business, and the loss of one or more key employees could harm our business. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations. If we are not able to maintain and enhance our CrowdStrike and Falcon brands and our reputation as a provider of high-efficacy security solutions, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We are required to comply with stringent, complex and evolving laws, rules, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause us to lose customers or negatively impact our ability to contract with customers, including those in the public sector. We are currently, and may in the future become, involved in litigation that may adversely affect us. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, warranty claims, product returns, and claims related to product liability and product defects from real or perceived defects in our solutions or their misuse by our customers or third parties and indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement and other losses. Future acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, or alliances could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of key management personnel, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry The July 19 Incident has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, sales, customer and partner relations, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. On July 19, 2024, we released a content configuration update for our Falcon sensor that resulted in system crashes for certain Windows systems (the July 19 Incident ). We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs and expenses related to the incident. The July 19 Incident has harmed, and is expected to continue to harm, our business, sales, customer and partner relations, and our reputation. As a result of the July 19 Incident, certain of our existing or prospective customers have deferred or decided against purchases of our products and services and terminated or chosen not to renew their contracts with us, and others may take similar actions in the future. The July 19 Incident has negatively impacted, and may in the future negatively impact, our existing or prospective partners ability or willingness to promote our products or services. Certain of our competitors have aggressively approached our current and prospective customers and partners to attempt to capitalize on the July 19 Incident, and may continue to do so. Furthermore, we have agreed to, and expect to agree to in the future, provide incentives in connection with our commercial arrangements with our customers, including subscription period extensions, discounts or promotional modules. The July 19 Incident has received negative media coverage and harmed our reputation and brand. Additional negative media coverage and publicity, whether directly or indirectly related to the July 19 Incident, may harm our reputation and brand further, exacerbating the effects discussed herein. These factors may result in harm to our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we are investing in enhancements to software resiliency, testing and customer controls following the July 19 Incident, we cannot guarantee that such enhancements will be effective, or that our products do not have or will not have defects, errors, or vulnerabilities. 22 Table of Contents We are party to a number of legal proceedings relating to the July 19 Incident, such as lawsuits filed by or on behalf of third parties, including securities litigation brought on behalf of certain purchasers of our common stock, derivative litigation asserting claims against certain officers and directors, and putative class actions brought by individual consumers. We have also received inquiries from governmental authorities and other third parties, and governmental authorities may seek to impose undertakings, injunctive relief, consent decrees or other penalties, which could, among other things, materially increase our expenses or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business. Third parties, including governmental authorities, may take certain actions in response to the July 19 Incident that may negatively impact our business and operations and may result in additional costs and expenses relating to compliance, product development or other matters. Some customers and other third parties claiming to have been impacted by the incident have asserted claims against us or otherwise communicated their intent to seek indemnification or compensation from us. Additional claims may also be asserted by or on behalf of customers, customers insurers, partners, stockholders or others seeking monetary damages or other relief. These lawsuits, claims and inquiries are resulting, and are expected to result in the future, in the incurrence of significant costs and expenses, the diversion of management s attention from the operation of our business and other negative impacts on our business and operations. While we maintain insurance policies that may cover certain costs, claims and liabilities in connection with the July 19 Incident, we expect that our insurance coverage will not cover all costs, claims and liabilities actually incurred, and we cannot be certain that our insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we do not manage our future growth, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. We have experienced rapid revenue growth in recent periods and we expect to continue to invest broadly across our organization to support our growth. Although we have experienced rapid growth historically, we may not sustain our current growth rates and our investments to support our growth may not be successful. The growth and expansion of our business will require us to invest significant financial and operational resources and the continuous dedication of our management team. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to manage our growth effectively, which will require us to, among other things: effectively attract, integrate, and retain a large number of new employees, particularly members of our sales and marketing and research and development teams; further improve our Falcon platform, including our cloud modules, and IT infrastructure, including expanding and optimizing our data centers, to support our business needs; enhance our information and communication systems to ensure that our employees and offices around the world are well coordinated and can effectively communicate with each other and our growing base of channel partners and customers; and improve our financial, management, and compliance systems and controls. If we fail to achieve these objectives effectively, our ability to manage our expected growth, ensure uninterrupted operation of our Falcon platform and key business systems, and comply with the rules and regulations applicable to our business could be impaired. Additionally, the quality of our platform and services could suffer and we may not be able to adequately address competitive challenges. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have a history of losses, and while we have achieved profitability in certain periods, we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. We have incurred net losses each year prior to fiscal 2024, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We experienced net losses of $162.5 million and $15.2 million for fiscal 2026 and 2025, respectively, and net income of $72.2 million for fiscal 2024 . As of January 31, 2026, we had an accumulated deficit of $1.3 billion. While we have experienced significant growth in revenue in recent periods, and have achieved profitability during certain periods, including fiscal 2024, we cannot assure you when or whether we will reach sustained profitability. We also expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we continue to invest for our future growth, which will negatively affect our results of operations if our total 23 Table of Contents revenue does not increase. We also have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional legal, accounting, and other expenses as a public company. Any failure to increase our revenue as we invest in our business or to manage our costs could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flow. If organizations do not adopt cloud-based SaaS-delivered endpoint security solutions, our ability to grow our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We believe our future success will depend in large part on the growth, if any, in the market for cloud-based SaaS-delivered endpoint security solutions. The use of SaaS solutions to manage and automate security and IT operations is at an early stage and rapidly evolving. As such, it is difficult to predict its potential growth, if any, customer adoption and retention rates, customer demand for our solutions, customer consolidation on our platform, or the success of existing competitive products. Any expansion in our market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with our solutions and those of our competitors. If our solutions do not achieve widespread adoption or there is a reduction in demand for our solutions due to a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, damage to our reputation including as a result of the July 19 Incident, competing products, privacy concerns, decreases in corporate spending, weakening economic conditions or otherwise, it could result in early terminations, reduced customer retention rates, or decreased revenue, any of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial results. We do not know whether the trend in adoption of cloud-based SaaS-delivered endpoint security solutions we have experienced in the past will continue in the future. Furthermore, to the extent we or other SaaS security providers experience security incidents, loss or disclosure of customer data, disruptions in delivery, or other problems, the market for SaaS solutions as a whole, including our security solutions, could be negatively affected. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we encounter in this new and evolving market. If we are unable to successfully enhance our existing products and services and introduce new products and services in response to rapid technological changes and market developments as well as evolving security threats, our competitive position and prospects will be harmed. Our ability to increase revenue from existing customers and attract new customers will depend in significant part on our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to rapid technological changes and market developments as well as evolving security threats. The success of our Falcon platform depends on our ability to take such changes into account and invest effectively in our research and development organization to increase the reliability, availability and scalability of our existing solutions and introduce new solutions. If we fail to effectively anticipate, identify or respond to such changes in a timely manner, or at all, our business could be harmed. Even if we adequately fund our research and development efforts there is no guarantee that we will realize a return on such efforts. Success in delivering enhancements and new solutions depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of the enhancement or new solution, the risk that such enhancement or new solution may have quality or other defects or deficiencies (such as those experienced in connection with the July 19 Incident), especially in the early stages of introduction, as well as our ability to seamlessly integrate all of our product and service offerings and develop adequate sales capabilities in new markets. Failure to effectively deliver, integrate, and manage perceptions with respect to enhancements and new solutions could erode our competitive position, significantly impair our revenue growth, and negatively impact our operating results. If we are unable to attract new customers, our future results of operations could be harmed. To expand our customer base, we need to convince potential customers to allocate a portion of their discretionary budgets to purchase our Falcon platform. Our sales efforts often involve educating our prospective customers about the uses and benefits of our Falcon platform. Enterprises and governments that use legacy security products, such as signature-based or malware-based products, firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, and antivirus, for their IT security may be hesitant to purchase our Falcon platform if they believe that these products are more cost effective, provide substantially the same functionality as our Falcon platform or provide a level of IT security that is sufficient to meet their needs. We may have difficulty convincing prospective customers of the value of adopting our solution. Even if we are successful in convincing prospective customers that a cloud native platform like ours is critical to protect against cyberattacks, they may not decide to purchase our Falcon platform for a variety of reasons, some of which are out of our control. For example, any deterioration in general economic conditions, including as a result of the geopolitical environment or changes and uncertainty regarding trade policies or tariffs, the outbreak of diseases or other public health crises, volatility in the banking and financial services sector, or inflation (as well as government policies such as raising interest rates in response to inflation), have in the past and may in the future cause our 24 Table of Contents current and prospective customers to delay or cut their overall security and IT operations spending, and such delays or cuts may fall disproportionately on cloud-based security solutions like ours. Economic weakness, customer financial difficulties, constrained spending on security and IT operations, and the impact of the July 19 Incident may result in decreased revenue, reduced sales, an increase in multi-phase subscription start dates, shorter terms for customer subscriptions, lengthened sales cycles, increased churn, lower demand for our products, and adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. Furthermore, we may need to exercise more flexibility in customer payment terms as customers navigate a more challenging economic environment. Additionally, if the incidence of cyberattacks were to decline, or be perceived to decline, or if organizations adopt endpoints that use operating systems we do not adequately support, our ability to attract new customers and expand sales of our solutions to existing customers could be adversely affected. If organizations do not continue to adopt our Falcon platform, our sales will not grow as quickly as anticipated, or at all, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be harmed. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our products and add additional cloud modules to their subscriptions, our future results of operations could be harmed. In order for us to maintain or improve our results of operations, it is important that our customers renew their subscriptions for our Falcon platform when existing contract terms expire, and that we expand our commercial relationships with our existing customers by selling additional cloud modules and by deploying to more endpoints in their environments. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscription for our Falcon platform after the expiration of their contractual subscription period, which is generally one to three years, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not to renew. In addition, customers that previously signed multi-year subscription contracts may renew for shorter contract subscription lengths, and customers may cease using certain cloud modules altogether. Even if customers choose to renew their subscription of certain cloud modules, they may decline to purchase additional cloud modules or choose not to consolidate onto our Falcon platform. Our customer retention, renewals and expansion may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including our customers satisfaction with our products and services, our customers ability to fully utilize their product subscriptions, our pricing, customer security and networking issues and requirements, our customers spending levels, decreases in the number of endpoints to which our customers deploy our solutions, mergers and acquisitions involving our customers, industry developments, competition, the impact of the July 19 Incident, including the impact of our customer commitment packages, and general economic and geopolitical conditions. Any such impacts on customer renewals may result from a variety of different factors, including customers electing to renew with shorter subscription periods, fewer cloud modules, fewer endpoints or smaller contract values. If our efforts to maintain and expand our relationships with our existing customers are not successful, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may materially suffer. Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. Our revenue recognition is difficult to predict because of the length and unpredictability of the sales cycle for our Falcon platform. Customers often view the subscription to our Falcon platform as a significant strategic decision and, as a result, frequently require considerable time to evaluate, test and qualify our Falcon platform prior to entering into or expanding a relationship with us. Large enterprises and government entities in particular often undertake a significant evaluation process that further lengthens and adds uncertainty to our sales cycle. In addition, uncertain economic or geopolitical conditions, including in connection with changes in trade policies and tariffs, may lead to additional scrutiny of budgets by current and prospective customers, which has resulted in, for example, longer sales cycles for products and services, and may result in shifting demand for IT products and services, and slower adoption of new technologies. We have also experienced, and may continue to experience, longer sales cycles in connection with the July 19 Incident. We may also experience longer sales cycles as customers seek to consolidate on our Falcon platform and negotiate larger deals, including in connection with our flexible subscription offering. Our direct sales team develops relationships with our customers, and works with our channel partners on account penetration, account coordination, sales and overall market development. We spend substantial time and resources on our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce a sale. Security solution purchases are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals and unanticipated administrative, processing and other delays. As a result, it is difficult to predict whether and when a sale will be completed. The failure of our efforts to secure sales after investing resources in a lengthy sales process could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 25 Table of Contents We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The market for security and IT operations solutions is intensely competitive, fragmented, and characterized by rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, industry standards, increasingly sophisticated attackers, and by frequent introductions of new or improved products or services to combat security threats. We expect to continue to face intense competition from current competitors, as well as from new entrants into the market. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these challenges, our competitive position could weaken, and we could experience a decline in revenue or reduced revenue growth, and loss of market share that would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: product capabilities, including performance and reliability, of our Falcon platform, including our cloud modules, services, and features compared to those of our competitors; our ability, and the ability of our competitors, to improve existing products, services, and features, or to develop new ones to address evolving customer needs; our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees; our ability to establish and maintain relationships with channel partners and direct customers; the strength of our sales and marketing efforts; the strength of our reputation and brand, including the impact to our reputation and brand as a result of the July 19 Incident; and acquisitions or consolidation within our industry, which may result in more formidable competitors. Our competitors include the following by general category: legacy antivirus product providers who offer a broad range of approaches and solutions including traditional signature-based anti-virus protection; alternative endpoint security providers who generally offer a mix of on-premise and cloud-hosted products that rely heavily on malware-only or application whitelisting techniques; network security vendors who are supplementing their core perimeter-based offerings with endpoint or cloud security solutions; cloud security vendors, including those who focus on public cloud infrastructure and services; identity security vendors that seek to identify and secure user accounts and related activities; professional service providers who offer cybersecurity response services; and legacy SIEM vendors who offer a range of log management and security capabilities. Many of our competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, sales, and other resources, greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and a larger base of customers than we do. They may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of services than we can, and they may offer lower pricing than we do. Further, they may have greater resources for research and development of new technologies, the provision of customer support, and the pursuit of acquisitions. Our larger competitors have substantially broader and more diverse product and services offerings as well as routes to market, which allows them to leverage their relationships based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages users from purchasing our platform, including our cloud modules. Conditions in our market are changing rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements, including with respect to AI. Our competitors may more successfully incorporate AI into their products, gain or leverage superior access 26 Table of Contents to certain AI technologies, and achieve higher market acceptance of their AI solutions. Conditions in our market could also change rapidly and significantly due to partnering or acquisitions by our competitors or continuing market consolidation. Some of our competitors have recently made acquisitions of businesses or have established cooperative relationships that may allow them to offer more directly competitive and comprehensive solutions than were previously offered and adapt more quickly to new technologies and customer needs. These competitive pressures in our market or our failure to compete effectively may result in price reductions, fewer orders, reduced revenue and gross margins, increased net losses and loss of market share. Further, competitors that specialize in providing protection from a single type of security threat may be able to deliver these targeted security products to the market quicker than we can or convince organizations that these limited products meet their needs. Even if there is significant demand for cloud-based security solutions like ours, if our competitors include functionality that is, or is perceived to be, equivalent to or better than ours in legacy products that are already generally accepted as necessary components of an organization s IT security architecture, we may have difficulty increasing the market penetration of our solutions. Furthermore, even if the functionality offered by other security and IT operations providers is more limited than the functionality of our platform, organizations may elect to accept such limited functionality in lieu of adding products from additional vendors like us. If we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take aggressive pricing or other actions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. Competitive pricing pressure may reduce our gross profits and adversely affect our financial results. If we are unable to maintain our pricing due to competitive pressures or other factors, our margins will be reduced and our gross profits, business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. The subscription prices for our Falcon platform, cloud modules, and professional services may decline for a variety of reasons, including competitive pricing pressures, discounts, anticipation of the introduction of new solutions by our competitors, or promotional programs offered by us or our competitors. The cybersecurity market remains very competitive, and competition may further increase in the future. Competitors may reduce the price of products or subscriptions that compete with ours or may bundle them with other products and subscriptions. If our solutions fail or are perceived to fail to detect or prevent incidents or have or are perceived to have defects, errors, or vulnerabilities, our brand and reputation would be harmed, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. Real or perceived defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our Falcon platform and cloud modules, the failure of our platform to detect or prevent incidents, including advanced and newly developed attacks, misconfiguration of our solutions, or the failure of customers to take action on attacks identified by our platform could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. Because our cloud native security platform is complex, it has contained, and may in the future contain defects, errors or vulnerabilities that are not detected until after deployment. For example, the July 19 Incident harmed our brand and reputation, business and results of operations. In addition, we identified a transport layer security issue that impacted certain Falcon Linux sensors, which led us to release a security fix and publish a security advisory to remediate the matter in February 2025. If we fail to timely detect defects or errors before deployment in the future, our brand and reputation, business and results of operations will suffer further. We cannot assure you that our products will detect all cyberattacks, especially in light of the rapidly changing security threat landscape that our solution seeks to address. Due to a variety of both internal and external factors, including, without limitation, defects or misconfigurations of our or third-party solutions, our solutions could be or become vulnerable to security incidents (both from intentional attacks and accidental causes) that cause them to fail to secure endpoints and detect and block attacks. Furthermore, any defects, errors or vulnerabilities in third-party technology or solutions we rely on could result in disruptions to our operations and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because the techniques used by computer hackers to access or sabotage networks and endpoints change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, there is a risk that an advanced attack could emerge that our cloud native security platform is unable to detect or prevent until after some of our customers are affected. Additionally, our Falcon platform may falsely indicate a cyberattack or threat that does not actually exist, which may lessen customers trust in our solutions. Moreover, as our cloud native security platform is adopted by an increasing number of enterprises and governments, individuals and organizations behind advanced cyberattacks may intensify their efforts to defeat our security platform. If this happens, our systems and subscription customers could be specifically targeted by attackers and could result in vulnerabilities in our platform or undermine the market acceptance of our Falcon platform and could adversely affect our reputation as a provider of security solutions. Because we host customer data on our cloud platform, which in some cases may contain personally-identifiable information or potentially confidential information, a security compromise, or an accidental or intentional misconfiguration or malfunction of our platform or third-party platforms, could result in personally-identifiable 27 Table of Contents information and other customer data being accessible such as to attackers or to other customers. Further, if a high profile security breach occurs with respect to another next-generation or cloud-based security system, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in cloud solutions generally, and cloud-based security solutions such as ours in particular. Organizations are increasingly subject to a wide variety of attacks on their networks, systems, and endpoints. No security solution, including our Falcon platform, can address all possible security threats or block all methods of penetrating a network or otherwise perpetrating a security incident. If any of our customers experiences a successful cyberattack while using our solutions or services, such customer could be disappointed with our Falcon platform, regardless of whether our solutions or services blocked the theft of any of such customer s data, if the customer failed to protect its own credentials, or if the attack would have otherwise been mitigated or prevented if the customer had fully deployed aspects of our Falcon platform. Similarly, if our solutions detect attacks against a customer but the customer does not address the vulnerability, customers and the public may erroneously believe that our solutions were not effective. Security breaches against customers that use our solutions may result in customers and the public believing that our solutions failed. Our Falcon platform may fail to detect or prevent malware, viruses, worms or similar threats for any number of reasons, including our failure to enhance and expand our Falcon platform to reflect the increasing sophistication of malware, viruses and other threats. Real or perceived security breaches of our customers networks could cause disruption or damage to their networks or other negative consequences and could result in negative publicity to us, damage to our reputation, and other customer relations issues, and may adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. As a cybersecurity provider, we have been, and expect to continue to be, a target of cyberattacks. If our or our service providers internal networks, systems, or data are or are perceived to have been compromised, our reputation may be damaged and our financial results may be negatively affected. As a provider of security solutions, we have in the past been, and may in the future be, specifically targeted by bad actors for attacks intended to circumvent our security capabilities or to exploit our Falcon platform as an entry point into customers endpoints, networks, or systems. In particular, because we have been involved in the identification of organized cybercriminals and nation-state actors, we have been the subject of intense efforts by sophisticated cyber adversaries who seek to compromise our systems. Such efforts may also intensify as geopolitical tensions increase. In addition, bad actors have attempted to leverage the July 19 Incident to facilitate malicious activity, including, for example, through sending phishing emails posing as CrowdStrike support. Such activity, whether or not successful, could result in additional harm to our business. We are also susceptible to inadvertent compromises of our systems and data, including those arising from process, coding, or human errors. Moreover, we utilize third-party service providers to, among other things, host, transmit, or otherwise process electronic data in connection with our business activities, including our supply chain, operations, and communications. Our third-party service providers and other vendors have faced and may continue to face cyberattacks, compromises, interruptions in service, or other security incidents from a variety of sources. A successful attack or other incident that results in an interruption of service or that compromises our or our service providers internal networks, systems, or data could have a significant negative effect on our operations, reputation, financial resources, and the value of our intellectual property. We cannot assure you that any of our efforts to manage this risk, including adoption of a comprehensive incident response plan and process for detecting, mitigating, and investigating security incidents that we regularly test through table-top exercises, testing of our security protocols through additional techniques, such as penetration testing, debriefing after security incidents, to improve our security and responses, and regular briefing of our directors and officers on our cybersecurity risks, preparedness, and management, will be effective in protecting us from such attacks. It is virtually impossible for us to entirely eliminate the risk of such attacks, compromises, interruptions in service, or other security incidents affecting our internal systems or data, or that of our third-party service providers and vendors. Organizations are subject to a wide variety of attacks on their supply chain, networks, systems, and endpoints, and techniques used to sabotage or to obtain unauthorized access to networks in which data is stored or through which data is transmitted change frequently. Furthermore, employee error or malicious activity could compromise our systems. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate measures to prevent an intrusion into our networks, which could result in unauthorized access to customer data, intellectual property including access to our source code, and information about vulnerabilities in our product, which in turn, could reduce the effectiveness of our solutions, or lead to cyberattacks or other intrusions of our customers networks, litigation, governmental audits and investigations and significant legal fees, any or all of which could damage our relationships with our existing customers and could have a negative effect on our ability to attract and retain new customers. We have expended, and anticipate continuing to expend, significant resources in an effort to prevent security breaches and other security incidents impacting our systems and data. Since our business is focused on providing reliable security services to our customers, we believe that an actual or perceived security incident affecting our internal systems or data 28 Table of Contents or data of our customers would be especially detrimental to our reputation, customer confidence in our solution, and our business. In addition, while we maintain insurance policies that may cover certain liabilities in connection with a cybersecurity incident, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. We rely on third-party data centers, such as Amazon Web Services, and our own colocation data centers to host and operate our Falcon platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of these facilities may negatively affect our ability to maintain the performance and reliability of our Falcon platform which could cause our business to suffer. Our customers depend on the continuous availability of our Falcon platform. We currently host our Falcon platform and serve our customers using a mix of third-party data centers, primarily Amazon Web Services, Inc., or AWS, and our data centers, hosted in colocation facilities. Consequently, we may be subject to service disruptions as well as failures to provide adequate support for reasons that are outside of our direct control. We have experienced, and expect that in the future we may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website hosting disruptions and capacity constraints. The following factors, many of which are beyond our control, can affect the delivery, availability, and the performance of our Falcon platform: the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet; the performance and availability of third-party providers of cloud infrastructure services, such as AWS, with the necessary speed, data capacity and security for providing reliable internet access and services; decisions by the owners and operators of the data centers where our cloud infrastructure is deployed to terminate our contracts, discontinue services to us, shut down operations or facilities, increase prices, change service levels, limit bandwidth, declare bankruptcy or prioritize the traffic of other parties; physical or electronic break-ins, acts of war or terrorism, human error or interference (including by disgruntled employees, former employees or contractors) and other catastrophic events; cyberattacks, including denial of service attacks, targeted at us, our data centers, or the infrastructure of the internet; failure by us to maintain and update our cloud infrastructure to meet our data capacity requirements; errors, defects or performance problems in our software, including third-party software incorporated in our software; improper deployment or configuration of our solutions; the failure of our redundancy systems, in the event of a service disruption at one of our data centers, to provide failover to other data centers in our data center network; and the failure of our disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements. 29 Table of Contents The adverse effects of any service interruptions on our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition may be disproportionately heightened due to the nature of our business and the fact that our customers have a low tolerance for interruptions of any duration. Interruptions or failures in our service delivery could result in a cyberattack or other security threat to us or to one of our customers during such periods of interruption or failure. Additionally, interruptions or failures in our service could cause customers to terminate their subscriptions with us, adversely affect our renewal rates, and harm our ability to attract new customers. Our business would also be harmed if our customers believe that a cloud-based SaaS-delivered endpoint security solution is unreliable. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, service interruptions and other performance problems due to a variety of factors. The occurrence of any of these factors, or if we are unable to rapidly and cost-effectively fix such errors or other problems that may be identified, could damage our reputation, negatively affect our relationship with our customers or otherwise harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely on our key technical, sales and management personnel to grow our business, and the loss of one or more key employees could harm our business. Our future success is substantially dependent on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate the members of our management team and other key employees throughout our organization. In particular, we are highly dependent on the services of George Kurtz, our President and Chief Executive Officer, who is critical to our future vision and strategic direction. We rely on our leadership team in the areas of operations, security, research and development, marketing, sales, support and general and administrative functions. Although we have entered into employment agreements with our key personnel, our employees, including our executive officers, work for us on an at-will basis, which means they may terminate their employment with us at any time. Leadership transitions can be inherently difficult to manage. In particular, they can cause operational and administrative inefficiencies, and could impact relationships with key customers and vendors. If Mr. Kurtz, or one or more of our key employees, or members of our management team resigns or otherwise ceases to provide us with their service, our business could be harmed. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. There is significant competition for personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require across our technology, cyber, sales, professional services, and administrative support functions. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially for experienced sales professionals and for engineers experienced in designing and developing cloud applications and security software. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. For example, in recent years, recruiting, hiring and retaining employees with expertise in the cybersecurity industry has become increasingly difficult as the demand for cybersecurity professionals has increased as a result of the recent cybersecurity attacks on global corporations and governments. Additionally, our incident response and proactive services team is small and comprised of personnel with highly technical skills and experience, who are in high demand, and who would be difficult to replace. More generally, the technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing software and Internet-related services. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. Our competitors also may be successful in recruiting and hiring members of our management team or other key employees, and it may be difficult for us to find suitable replacements on a timely basis, on competitive terms, or at all. We have in the past, and may in the future, be subject to allegations that employees we hire have been improperly solicited, or that they have divulged proprietary or other confidential information or that their former employers own such employees inventions or other work product, or that they have been hired in violation of non-compete provisions or non-solicitation provisions. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. Therefore, volatility or lack of performance in our stock price could affect our ability to attract and retain our key employees. Also, many of our employees have become, or will soon become, vested in a substantial amount of equity awards, which may give them a substantial amount of personal wealth. This may make it more difficult for us to retain and motivate these employees, and this wealth could affect their decision about whether or not they continue to work for us. In addition, the Strategic Plan (as defined in the notes to our consolidated financial statements) could negatively affect our ability to recruit and retain skilled personnel . Any failure to successfully attract, integrate or retain qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 30 Table of Contents If we do not effectively expand and train our direct sales force, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers, and our business will be adversely affected. We depend on our direct sales force to obtain new customers and increase sales with existing customers. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel, particularly in international markets. We have expanded our sales organization significantly in recent periods and expect to continue to add additional sales capabilities in the near term. There is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. New hires require significant training and may take significant time before they achieve full productivity, and this delay is accentuated by our long sales cycles. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. In addition, a large percentage of our sales force is new to our company and selling our solutions, and therefore this team may be less effective than our more seasoned sales personnel. Furthermore, hiring sales personnel in new countries, or expanding our existing presence, requires upfront and ongoing expenditures that we may not recover if the sales personnel fail to achieve full productivity. We cannot predict whether, or to what extent, our sales will increase as we expand our sales force or how long it will take for sales personnel to become productive. If we are unable to hire and train a sufficient number of effective sales personnel, or the sales personnel we hire are not successful in obtaining new customers or increasing sales to our existing customer base, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions to our platform over the term of the subscription, downturns or upturns in new business will not be immediately reflected in our results of operations. We generally recognize revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their subscription, which is generally one to three years. As a result, a substantial portion of the revenue we report in each period is attributable to the recognition of deferred revenue relating to agreements that we entered into during previous periods. Consequently, any increase or decline in new sales or renewals in any one period will not be immediately reflected in our revenue for that period. Any such change, however, would affect our revenue in future periods. In addition, subscription commencement dates may be impacted by a number of factors, some of which we may exercise varying degrees of control over, including terms negotiated with our customers and our internal review, approval and provisioning processes. As a result, the impact of new subscriptions may not be immediately reflected in our results of operations. Moreover, the effect of downturns or upturns in new sales and potential changes in our rate of renewals, including as a result of the July 19 Incident, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. In addition, customer commitment packages introduced following the July 19 Incident that extend subscription periods will lengthen the applicable term over which we recognize revenue, which has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our results. We may also be unable to timely reduce our cost structure in line with a significant deterioration in sales or renewals that would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations. Our results of operations may vary significantly from period to period, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our results of operations have varied significantly from period to period, and we expect that our results of operations will continue to vary as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including: our ability to attract new and retain existing customers; the budgeting cycles, seasonal buying patterns, and purchasing practices of customers; economic difficulties confronting our customers, which may impact the number of modules or endpoint deployments they are willing or able to purchase; insolvency or credit difficulties confronting our customers, affecting their ability to purchase or pay for our solutions, including in connection with our customer and end-user financing arrangements; the timing and length of our sales cycles; changes in customer or channel partner requirements or market needs; 31 Table of Contents any disruption in our relationship with channel partners; changes in the growth rate of the cloud-based SaaS-delivered endpoint security solutions market; the timing and success of new product and service introductions by us or our competitors or any other competitive developments, including consolidation among our customers or competitors; decisions by organizations to purchase security solutions from larger, more established security vendors or from their primary IT equipment vendors; changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; the level of awareness of cybersecurity threats, particularly advanced cyberattacks, and the market adoption of our Falcon platform; significant security breaches of, technical difficulties with or interruptions to, the use of our Falcon platform; the impact to our business from the July 19 Incident; negative media coverage or publicity; our ability to successfully expand our business domestically and internationally; the amount and timing of operating costs (including new hires), tightening of labor markets and capital expenditures related to the expansion of our business; extraordinary expenses such as litigation, regulatory or other dispute-related settlement payments or outcomes; increases or decreases in our expenses caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies or practices; developments relating to our valuation allowances for our deferred tax assets; deteriorating or volatile conditions in the global economy and financial markets, including as a result of weak or negative gross domestic product growth, uncertainty or disruptions in the capital and credit markets, changing interest rates, inflation, tariffs and trade restrictions, bank failures or adverse conditions impacting financial institutions, and supply-chain disruptions; and political events, geopolitical unrest or tension, acts of war and terrorism. In addition, we experience seasonal fluctuations in our financial results as we typically receive a higher percentage of our annual orders from new customers, as well as renewal orders from existing customers, in the second half of the fiscal year as compared to the first half of the year due to the annual budget approval processes of many of our customers. In addition, we also experience seasonality in our operating margin, typically with a lower margin in the first half of our fiscal year. Any of the above factors, individually or in the aggregate, may result in significant fluctuations in our financial and other results of operations from period to period. As a result of this variability, our historical results of operations should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Moreover, this variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet our operating plan or the expectations of investors or analysts for any period. If we fail to meet such expectations for these or other reasons, our stock price could fall substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. For example, we are currently party to securities litigation brought in connection with the July 19 Incident on behalf of certain purchasers of our common stock. 32 Table of Contents If we are not able to maintain and enhance our CrowdStrike and Falcon brands and our reputation as a provider of high-efficacy security solutions, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our CrowdStrike and Falcon brands and our reputation as a provider of high-efficacy security solutions is critical to our relationship with our existing customers, channel partners, and technology alliance partners and our ability to attract new customers and partners. The successful promotion of our CrowdStrike and Falcon brands depends on a number of factors, including our marketing efforts, our ability to continue to develop additional cloud modules and features for our Falcon platform, our ability to successfully differentiate our Falcon platform from competitive cloud-based or legacy security solutions and, ultimately, our ability to detect and stop breaches. Although we believe it is important for our growth, our brand promotion activities may not be successful or yield increased revenue. In addition, independent industry or financial analysts and research firms often test our solutions and provide reviews of our Falcon platform, as well as the products of our competitors, and perception of our Falcon platform in the marketplace may be significantly influenced by these reviews. If these reviews are negative, or less positive as compared to those of our competitors products, our brand may be adversely affected. Our solutions may fail to detect or prevent threats in any particular test for a number of reasons that may or may not be related to the efficacy of our solutions in real world environments. To the extent potential customers, industry analysts or testing firms believe that the occurrence of a failure to detect or prevent any particular threat is a flaw or indicates that our solutions or services do not provide significant value, we may lose customers, and our reputation, financial condition and business would be harmed. Additionally, the performance of our channel partners and technology alliance partners may affect our brand and reputation if customers do not have a positive experience with these partners. In addition, we have in the past worked, and continue to work, with high profile private and public customers as well as assist in analyzing and remediating high profile cyberattacks, which sometimes involve nation-state actors. Our work with such customers has exposed us to publicity and media coverage. Changing political environments in the United States and abroad may amplify the media and political scrutiny we face. Negative publicity about us, including about our management, the efficacy and reliability of our Falcon platform, our products offerings, our professional services, and the customers we work with, even if inaccurate, has in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our reputation and brand. For example, the July 19 Incident, which received significant media attention and negative publicity, harmed our reputation and brand. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with our channel partners and technology alliance partners, or if our channel partners or technology alliance partners fail to perform, our ability to market, sell and distribute our Falcon platform will be limited, and our business, financial position and results of operations will be harmed. In addition to our direct sales force, we rely on our channel partners to sell and support our Falcon platform. The vast majority of sales of our Falcon platform flow through our channel partners, and we expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. Additionally, we have entered, and intend to continue to enter, into technology alliance partnerships with third parties to support our future growth plans. The loss of a substantial number of our channel partners or technology alliance partners, or the failure to recruit additional partners, could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to achieve revenue growth in the future will depend in part on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our channel partners and in training our channel partners to independently sell and deploy our Falcon platform. If we fail to effectively manage our existing sales channels, or if our channel partners are unsuccessful in fulfilling the orders for our solutions, or if we are unable to enter into arrangements with, and retain a sufficient number of, high quality channel partners in each of the regions in which we sell solutions and keep them motivated to sell our products, our ability to sell our products and results of operations will be harmed. Our international operations and plans for future international expansion expose us to significant risks, and failure to manage those risks could adversely impact our business. We derived approximately 33%, 32%, and 32% of our total revenue from our international customers for fiscal 2026, fiscal 2025, and fiscal 2024, respectively. We are continuing to adapt to and develop strategies to address international markets and our growth strategy includes expansion into target geographies, but there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful. We expect that our international activities will continue to grow in the future, as we continue to pursue opportunities in international markets. These international operations will require significant management attention and financial resources and are subject to substantial risks, including: greater difficulty in negotiating contracts with standard terms, enforcing contracts and managing collections, and longer collection periods; 33 Table of Contents higher costs of doing business internationally, including costs incurred in establishing and maintaining office space and equipment for our international operations; management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural and geographic dispersion; risks associated with trade restrictions and foreign legal requirements, including any importation, certification, and localization of our Falcon platform that may be required in foreign countries; greater risk of unexpected changes, or threat of changes, in regulatory practices, tariffs, and tax laws and treaties or the application thereof; compliance with anti-bribery laws, including, without limitation, compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or FCPA, the U.S. Travel Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or Bribery Act, violations of which could lead to significant fines, penalties, and collateral consequences for our company; heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, or irregularities in, financial statements; the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; general economic and political conditions in these foreign markets; foreign exchange controls or tax regulations that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned outside the United States; political and economic instability in some countries; double taxation of our international earnings and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws of the United States or the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate; unexpected costs for the localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and adaptation for local practices and regulatory requirements (including, but not limited to data localization requirements, digital sovereignty requirements and other restrictions, such as those emerging in the EU); requirements to comply with foreign privacy, data protection, and information security laws and regulations and the risks and costs of noncompliance; greater difficulty in identifying, attracting and retaining local qualified personnel, and the costs and expenses associated with such activities; greater difficulty identifying qualified channel partners and maintaining successful relationships with such partners; differing employment practices and labor relations issues; and difficulties in managing and staffing international offices and increased travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations. Additionally, nearly all of our sales contracts are currently denominated in U.S. dollars. However, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar could increase the cost of our solutions to our international customers, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, an increasing portion of our operating expenses is incurred outside the United States; is denominated in foreign currencies, such as the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Euro, Indian Rupee, and Japanese Yen; and is subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If we become more exposed to currency fluctuations and are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with currency fluctuations, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 34 Table of Contents As we continue to develop and grow our business globally, our success will depend in large part on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks. The expansion of our existing international operations and entry into additional international markets will require significant management attention and financial resources. Our failure to successfully manage our international operations and the associated risks could limit the future growth of our business. Our business depends, in part, on sales to government organizations, and significant changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of such government organizations could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our future growth depends, in part, on increasing sales to government organizations. Demand from government organizations is often unpredictable, subject to budgetary uncertainty and typically involves long sales cycles. We have made significant investment to address the government sector, but we cannot assure you that these investments will be successful, or that we will be able to maintain or grow our revenue from the government sector. U.S. federal, state and local government sales as well as foreign government sales are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business. Sales to such government entities include, but are not limited to, the following risks: selling to governmental agencies can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that such efforts will generate a sale; we may be required to obtain personnel security clearances and facility clearances to perform on classified contracts for government agencies, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain such clearances; government certification, software supply chain, and source code transparency requirements applicable to us or our products are constantly evolving and, in doing so, restrict our ability to sell to certain government customers until we have attained the new or revised certification or meet other applicable requirements, which we are not guaranteed to do. For example, although we are currently certified under the U.S. Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program, or FedRAMP, such certification is costly to maintain and if we lose our certification, it would restrict our ability to sell to government customers; government product requirements are often technically complex and assessors may require us to make costly changes to our products to meet such requirements without any assurance that such changes will generate a sale or improve the efficacy of our products; government demand and payment for our Falcon platform may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays in the government appropriations or procurement processes adversely affecting public sector demand for our Falcon platform, including as a result of abrupt events such as war, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, and public health concerns or epidemics; government attitudes towards us as a company, our platform or the capabilities that we offer as a viable software solution may change, and reduce interest in our products and services as acceptable solutions; changes in the political environment, including before or after a change to the leadership within the government administration, can create uncertainty or changes in policy or priorities and reduce available funding for our products and services; third parties may compete intensely with us on pending, new or existing contracts with government products, which can also lead to appeals, disputes, or litigation relating to government procurement, including but not limited to bid protests by unsuccessful bidders on potential or actual awards of contracts to us or our partners by the government; even if we are awarded a sale, the terms of such contracts may be unusually burdensome; governments routinely investigate and audit government contractors administrative processes, and any unfavorable audit could result in the government refusing to continue buying our Falcon platform, which would adversely impact our revenue and results of operations, or institute fines or civil or criminal liability if the audit were to uncover improper or illegal activities; and 35 Table of Contents governments may require certain products to be manufactured, hosted, or accessed solely in their country or in other relatively high-cost manufacturing locations, and we may not manufacture all products in locations that meet these requirements, affecting our ability to sell these products to governmental agencies. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could cause governments and governmental agencies to delay or refrain from purchasing our solutions in the future or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may not timely and cost-effectively scale and adapt our existing technology to meet our customers performance and other requirements. Our future growth is dependent upon our ability to continue to meet the needs of new customers and the expanding needs of our existing customers as their use of our solutions grow. As our customers gain more experience with our solutions, the number of endpoints and events, the amount of data transferred, processed and stored by us, the number of locations where our platform and services are being accessed, have in the past, and may in the future, expand rapidly. In order to meet the performance and other requirements of our customers, we intend to continue to make significant investments to increase capacity and to develop and implement new technologies, including those involving AI, in our service and cloud infrastructure operations. These technologies, which include databases, applications and server optimizations, network and hosting strategies, and automation, are often advanced, complex, new and untested. We may not be successful in developing or implementing these technologies. In addition, as our business grows, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology infrastructure. It takes a significant amount of time to plan, develop and test improvements to our technologies and infrastructure, and we may not be able to accurately forecast demand or predict the results we will realize from such improvements. We rely on external ecosystems, such as operating systems and platforms, to operate and make, in various layers of technology stacks, our products and services available to customers. If we are unable to adapt to product or policy changes in such ecosystems, or if we do not effectively operate with such ecosystems, demand for and availability of our products or services could decline. To the extent that we do not effectively scale our operations and infrastructure to meet the needs of our business, our growing customer base and to maintain performance as our customers expand their use of our solutions, we may not be able to grow as quickly as we anticipate, our customers may reduce or cancel use of our solutions and we may be unable to compete as effectively and our business and results of operations may be harmed. Additionally, we have and will continue to make substantial investments to support growth at our data centers and improve the profitability of our cloud platform. For example, because of the importance of AWS services to our business and AWS position in the cloud-based server industry, any renegotiation or renewal of our agreement with AWS may be on terms that are significantly less favorable to us than our current agreement. If our cloud-based server costs were to increase, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Although we expect that we could receive similar services from other third parties, if any of our arrangements with AWS are terminated, we could experience interruptions on our Falcon platform and in our ability to make our solutions available to customers, as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging alternative cloud infrastructure services. Ongoing improvements to cloud infrastructure may be more expensive than we anticipate, and may not yield the expected savings in operating costs or the expected performance benefits. In addition, we may be required to re-invest any cost savings achieved from prior cloud infrastructure improvements in future infrastructure projects to maintain the levels of service required by our customers. We may not be able to maintain or achieve cost savings from our investments, which could harm our financial results. Our ability to maintain customer satisfaction depends in part on the quality of our customer support. Once our Falcon platform is deployed within our customers networks, our customers depend on our customer support services to resolve any issues relating to the implementation and maintenance of our Falcon platform. If we do not provide effective ongoing support, customer renewals and our ability to sell additional modules as part of our Falcon platform to existing customers could be adversely affected and our reputation with potential customers could be damaged. Many of our larger organizational customers have more complex networks and require higher levels of support than smaller customers and we offer premium services for these customers. Failure to maintain high-quality customer support could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 36 Table of Contents We may need to raise additional capital to expand our operations and invest in new solutions, which capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and which could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business. We expect that the combination of our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. Retaining or expanding our current levels of personnel and product and service offerings may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new products or services and enhancements to our Falcon platform, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Our failure to raise additional capital or generate the significant capital necessary to expand our operations and invest in new products or services could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business. Accordingly, we may need to engage in additional equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional equity financing, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the market price of our common stock could decline. If we engage in additional debt financing, the holders of such debt would have priority over the holders of our common stock, and we may be required to accept terms that further restrict our operations or our ability to incur additional indebtedness or to take other actions that would otherwise be in the interests of the debt holders. Any of the above could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we cannot maintain our company culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion, and focus on execution that we believe contribute to our success and our business may be harmed. We believe that our corporate culture has been a contributor to our success, which we believe fosters innovation, teamwork, passion and focus on building and marketing our Falcon platform. As we grow, we may find it difficult to maintain our corporate culture. Any failure to preserve our culture could harm our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel, innovate and operate effectively and execute on our business strategy. Additionally, our productivity and the quality of our solutions may be adversely affected if we do not integrate and train our new employees quickly and effectively. If we experience any of these effects in connection with future growth, it could impair our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers and expand their use of our Falcon platform, all of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain components of the equipment we use to operate our cloud platform. Supply chain disruptions could delay our ability to expand or increase the capacity of our global data center network, replace defective equipment in our existing data centers and impact our operating costs. We rely on a limited number of suppliers for several components of the equipment we use to operate our cloud platform and provide services to our customers. We generally purchase these components on a purchase order basis, and do not have long-term contracts guaranteeing supply. Our reliance on these suppliers exposes us to risks, including reduced control over production costs and constraints based on the then current availability, terms and pricing of these components. If we experience disruption or delay from our suppliers, we may not be able to obtain supplies or components from alternative suppliers on a timely basis or on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. Such risks may become more pronounced as we continue to scale our business. The technology industry has experienced widespread component shortages and delivery delays, including as a result of geopolitical tensions (including actual or threatened changes in tariffs and trade restrictions), public health crises and natural disasters. We may also experience component shortages and pricing increases from certain of our suppliers as a result of increased demand for such components. While we have taken steps to mitigate our supply chain risk, supply chain disruptions and delays could nevertheless adversely impact our operations by, among other things, causing us to delay opening new data centers, delay increasing capacity or replacing defective equipment at existing data centers, and experience increased operating costs. We are exposed to the credit risks of certain of our customers and end-users, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. We provide financing arrangements for certain of our customers and end-users to purchase our products and services. Such financing activities expose us to the credit risks of our customers and end-users and these risks may be more pronounced if our customers and end-users are negatively impacted by a global economic downturn or periods of economic uncertainty. There can be no assurance that our efforts to monitor and mitigate these credit risks will be effective. If we are unable to adequately control these risks, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. 37 Table of Contents Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Legal, and Regulatory Matters The success of our business depends in part on our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. We believe our intellectual property is an essential asset of our business, and our success and ability to compete depend in part upon protection of our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights in the United States and abroad, all of which provide only limited protection. The efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property may not be sufficient or effective, and our trademarks, copyrights and patents may be held invalid or unenforceable. Moreover, we cannot assure you that any patents will be issued with respect to our currently pending patent applications in a manner that gives us adequate defensive protection or competitive advantages, or that any patents issued to us will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. We have filed for patents in the United States and in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, but such protections may not be available in all countries in which we operate or in which we seek to enforce our intellectual property rights, or may be difficult to enforce in practice. For example, many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against certain third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit. Moreover, we may need to expend additional resources to defend our intellectual property rights in these countries, and our inability to do so could impair our business or adversely affect our international expansion. Our currently issued patents and any patents that may be issued in the future with respect to pending or future patent applications may not provide sufficiently broad protection or they may not prove to be enforceable in actions against alleged infringers. We may not be effective in policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property, and even if we do detect violations, litigation or technical changes to our products may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights. Protecting against the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, technology and other proprietary rights is expensive and difficult, particularly outside of the United States. Any enforcement efforts we undertake, including litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive and could divert management s attention, which could harm our business and results of operations. Further, attempts to enforce our rights against third parties could also provoke these third parties to assert their own intellectual property or other rights against us, or result in a holding that invalidates or narrows the scope of our rights, in whole or in part. The inability to adequately protect and enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even if we are able to secure our intellectual property rights, we cannot assure you that such rights will provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our services from those of our competitors or that our competitors will not independently develop similar technology, duplicate any of our technology, or design around our patents. Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other intellectual property rights could harm our business. A number of companies in our industry hold a large number of patents and also protect their copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property rights, and companies in the networking and security industry frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we face increasing competition and grow, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us also grows. In addition, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that such personnel have divulged proprietary or other confidential information to us. From time to time, third parties have in the past and may in the future assert claims of infringement of intellectual property rights against us. Third parties may in the future also assert claims against our customers or channel partners, whom our standard license and other agreements obligate us to indemnify against claims that our solutions infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. As the number of products and competitors in the security and IT operations market increases and overlaps occur, claims of infringement, misappropriation, and other violations of intellectual property rights may increase. While we intend to increase the size of our patent portfolio, many of our competitors and others may now and in the future have significantly larger and more mature patent portfolios than we have. In addition, future litigation may involve non-practicing entities, companies or other patent owners who have no relevant product offerings or revenue and against whom our own patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence or protection. Any claim of intellectual property infringement by a third party, even a claim without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against such claim, could distract our management from our business and could require us to cease use of such intellectual property. 38 Table of Contents Additionally, our insurance may not cover intellectual property rights infringement claims that may be made. In the event that we fail to successfully defend ourselves against an infringement claim, a successful claimant could secure a judgment or otherwise require payment of legal fees, settlement payments, ongoing royalties or other costs or damages; or we may agree to a settlement that prevents us from offering certain services or features; or we may be required to obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, to use the relevant technology. If we are prevented from using certain technology or intellectual property, we may be required to develop alternative, non-infringing technology, which could require significant time, effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. Additionally, we may be unable to continue to offer our affected services or features while developing such technology. Although third parties may offer a license to their technology or other intellectual property, the terms of any offered license may not be acceptable, and the failure to obtain a license or the costs associated with any license could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to be adversely affected. In addition, some licenses may be nonexclusive, and therefore our competitors may have access to the same technology licensed to us. If a third party does not offer us a license to its technology or other intellectual property on reasonable terms, or at all, we could be enjoined from continued use of such intellectual property. As a result, we may be required to develop alternative, non-infringing technology, which could require significant time, effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. Additionally, we may be unable to continue to offer our affected products, subscriptions or services, while developing such technology. Furthermore, a successful claimant could secure a judgment or we may agree to a settlement that prevents us from distributing certain products, providing certain subscriptions or performing certain services. Any such judgment or settlement could also require us to pay substantial damages, royalties or other fees. Any of these events could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We license technology from third parties, and our inability to maintain those licenses could harm our business. We currently incorporate, and will in the future incorporate, technology that we license from third parties, including software, into our solutions. We cannot be certain that our licensors do not or will not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties or that our licensors have or will have sufficient rights to the licensed intellectual property in all jurisdictions in which we may sell our Falcon platform. Some of our agreements with our licensors may be terminated by them for convenience, or otherwise provide for a limited term. If we are unable to continue to license technology because of intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against our licensors or against us, or if we are unable to continue our license agreements or enter into new licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to develop and sell solutions and services containing or dependent on that technology would be limited, and our business could be harmed. Additionally, if we are unable to license technology from third parties, we may be forced to acquire or develop alternative technology, which we may be unable to do in a commercially feasible manner or at all, and may require us to use alternative technology of lower quality or performance standards. This could limit or delay our ability to offer new or competitive solutions and increase our costs. As a result, our margins, market share, and results of operations could be significantly harmed. We are required to comply with stringent, complex and evolving laws, rules, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are required to comply with stringent, complex and evolving laws, rules, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security. Ensuring compliance with such requirements may increase operating costs, impact our data processing practices and policies and the development of new products or services, and reduce operational efficiency, any of which could adversely affect our business and operations. In the United States, there are numerous federal, state and local data privacy and security laws, rules, and regulations governing the collection, sharing, use, retention, disclosure, security, transfer, storage and other processing of personal information, including federal and state data privacy and security laws, data breach notification laws, and data disposal laws. For example, at the federal level, we are subject to, among other laws and regulations, the rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission (which has the authority to regulate and enforce against unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce, including acts and practices with respect to data privacy and security), as well as the Electronic Communication Privacy Act, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the Health Insurance Portability and A