=== [ES] eurofins-scientific-q1-2026-trading-update-presentation.pdf ===
CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY - © Eurofins Scientific (Ireland) Ltd, 2026. All rights reserved. This document contains information that is confidential and proprietary to Eurofins Scientific SE and / or its affiliates and is solely for the use of the personnel of Eurofins Scientific SE and all its affiliates. No part of it may be used, circulated, quoted, or reproduced for distribution outside companies belonging to the Eurofins Group. If you are not the intended recipient of this document, you are hereby notified that the use, circulation, quoting, or reproducing of this document is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. Photo images on this page are the copyrighted property of 123RF Limited. D Q1 2026 Trading Update Eurofins achieves organic growth of 2.6% in Q1 2026, including impact of exceptionally severe weather; 2026 and mid-term objectives reiterated 22 April 2026 CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY - © Eurofins Scientific (Ireland) Ltd [2026]. All rights reserved. Any use of this material without the specific permission of an authorized representative of Eurofins Scientific (Ireland) Ltd is strictly prohibited. www.eurofins.com Disclaimer This presentation does not constitute or form part of, and should not be construed as, an offer or invitation to subscribe for or purchase securities in Eurofins Scientific S.E. and neither this document nor anything contained or referred to in it shall form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever. The statements made during this presentation or as response to questions during the Question & Answers period that are not historical facts are forward looking statements. Furthermore, estimates and judgements may be made based on market and competitive information available at a certain time. Forward looking statements and estimates represent the judgement of Eurofins Scientific’s management and involve risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, risks associated with the inherent uncertainty of research, product/service development and commercialisation, the impact of competitive products and services, patents and other risk uncertainties, including those detailed from time to time in period reports, including prospectus and annual reports filed by Eurofins Scientific with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and regulatory authorities, that can cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Eurofins Scientific expressly disclaims any obligation or intention to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement or estimate. Eurofins provides in the Summarised Income Statement certain alternative performance measures (non-IFRS information as “Adjusted Results and Separately Disclosed Items”) that exclude certain items because of the nature of these items and the impact they have on the analysis of underlying business performance and trends. (Please refer to description of these terms in the press release dated 22 April 2026). The management believes that providing this information enhances investors' understanding of the company’s core operating results and future prospects, consistent with how management measures and forecasts the company’s performance, especially when comparing such results to previous periods or objectives and to the performance of our competitors. This information should be considered in addition to, but not in lieu of, information prepared in accordance with IFRS. Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) are defined at the end of this presentation and described in more detail in the Consolidated Financial Statements 2025 in Notes 1.19 and 1.20. CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY - © Eurofins Scientific (Ireland) Ltd [2026]. All rights reserved. Any use of this material without the specific permission of an authorized representative of Eurofins Scientific (Ireland) Ltd is strictly prohibited. 2 Key financial and operational highlights Reported Revenues Key Highlights • Reported revenues in Q1 2026 grew 1.3% vs Q1 2025 including -4.8% headwind from FX Q1 2026 €1,789m • Organic revenue growth was 2.6% vs Q1 2025, including a +0.1% adjustment for public working days (PWD) • In Europe, organic growth was 1.7% (1.6% excl. PWD adjustment), reflecting: o Headwind from extreme weather in Northern Europe on the Food & Feed and Environment Testing businesses, which was only partially recovered by the end of the quarter; o The planned rationalisation of certain loss-making Clinical Diagnostics contracts in the former Synlab business in Spain and in Italy; continued softness in Biopharma Ancillary activities and not-yet-replaced CDMO contracts. Organic Growth1 • In North America, organic growth was 2.1% (2.1% excl. PWD adjustment). +2.6% o Growth reflected unusually severe weather and particularly storms in January and February affecting especially Food & Feed and Environment Testing, and the impact of weather and regulatory and reimbursement changes within Clinical Diagnostics; o In BioPharma Services, BioPharma Product Testing continued to perform well with some weather impact, with ongoing soft growth in Discovery & Genomics and other Ancillary Biopharma activities, including some temporary disruption to the BioAnalysis business around a move to a new facility. Q1 2026 vs Q1 2025 • In Rest of the World, organic growth of 9.1% (8.6% excl. PWD adjustment) included robust performance across Food & Feed Testing, Environment Testing and Consumer Product Testing. • Profitability and margins in Q1 continued to progress significantly, despite temporarily subdued revenue growth. CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY - © Eurofins Scientific (Ireland) Ltd [2026]. All rights reserved. Any use of this material without the specific permission of an authorized representative of Eurofins Scientific (Ireland) Ltd is strictly prohibited. 1 Q1 2026: 2.5% excluding adjustment for public working days 3 Revenue bridge (€m) Q1 2026: +2.6%1 69 1,828 -8 5 44 1,789 • Organic revenue growth of 2.6% • FX headwind of -4.8% in Q1, as the Euro strengthened against most currencies compared to the prior year • M&A contribution of €5m to consolidated revenues, with FY 2025 pro-forma annual revenues of €55m 1,767 -88 Q1 2025 reported revenues Q1 2025 acquisitions revenue part not consolidated in Q1 2025 Q1 2025 revenues of discontinued activities / disposals Q1 2025 pro-forma revenues FX Organic growth 1 M&A / disposals Q1 2026 reported revenues CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY - © Eurofins Scientif