=== [ES] eurofins-scientific-q1-2026-trading-update-presentation.pdf ===
CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY - © Eurofins Scientific (Ireland) Ltd, 2026. All rights reserved. This document contains information that is confidential and proprietary to Eurofins Scientific SE and / or its affiliates and is solely for the use of the personnel of Eurofins Scientific SE and all its affiliates. No part of it may be used, circulated, quoted, or reproduced for distribution outside companies belonging to the Eurofins Group. If you are not the intended recipient of this document, you are hereby notified that the use, circulation, quoting, or reproducing of this document is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. Photo images on this page are the copyrighted property of 123RF Limited. D Q1 2026 Trading Update Eurofins achieves organic growth of 2.6% in Q1 2026, including impact of exceptionally severe weather; 2026 and mid-term objectives reiterated 22 April 2026 CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY - © Eurofins Scientific (Ireland) Ltd [2026]. All rights reserved. Any use of this material without the specific permission of an authorized representative of Eurofins Scientific (Ireland) Ltd is strictly prohibited. www.eurofins.com Disclaimer This presentation does not constitute or form part of, and should not be construed as, an offer or invitation to subscribe for or purchase securities in Eurofins Scientific S.E. and neither this document nor anything contained or referred to in it shall form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever. The statements made during this presentation or as response to questions during the Question & Answers period that are not historical facts are forward looking statements. Furthermore, estimates and judgements may be made based on market and competitive information available at a certain time. Forward looking statements and estimates represent the judgement of Eurofins Scientific’s management and involve risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, risks associated with the inherent uncertainty of research, product/service development and commercialisation, the impact of competitive products and services, patents and other risk uncertainties, including those detailed from time to time in period reports, including prospectus and annual reports filed by Eurofins Scientific with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and regulatory authorities, that can cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Eurofins Scientific expressly disclaims any obligation or intention