=== EQIX_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. Additional risks which we do not presently consider material, or of which we are not currently aware, may also have an adverse impact on us. The information discussed below is at the time of this filing. This section contains forward-looking statements. Risk Factors Risks Related to the Macro Environment Geopolitical events and political tensions contribute to an already complex landscape, and could have a negative effect on our global business operations. Geopolitical events, including trade tensions between the U.S. and other countries, the war between Russia and Ukraine, and ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, could negatively affect our global operations, and their future impact remains unpredictable. In addition, uncertainty surrounding the legality, enforceability, and interpretation of U.S. and international laws, executive actions, regulatory frameworks, and enforcement priorities could result in compliance challenges, significant penalties, operational restrictions, reputational harm, or adverse effects on our business and results of operations. Periodic risks of a U.S. government shutdown could further disrupt economic conditions. Moreover, actual or proposed U.S. tariffs and potential counter tariffs may increase costs and disrupt our supply chain, with their scope and duration dependent on evolving negotiations and exemptions, making their impact difficult to predict. Our inability to effectively manage these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the price of our common stock. The current uncertain economic environment, including challenges related to power and supply chains, could impact our business and the businesses of our customers. We are experiencing an increase in our costs to procure power and supply chain issues globally. Rising prices for materials related to our IBX data center construction and our data center offerings, energy and gas prices, as well as rising wages and benefits costs negatively impact our business by increasing our operating costs. Further, as a result of the increase in demand for AI infrastructure, we are anticipating chip shortages relative to those experienced in the market in prior years. This shortage could impact our customers and delay or deter customer server deployments within our IBX data centers. These shortages could also impact our own network rooms and certain products which rely on integration with these chips. Price increases for the chips could be significant and could have a material impact on our business or the business of our customers. The adverse economic conditions we are currently experiencing, including the impact of increased tariffs and inflation, may also impact our customers and cause a decrease in sales as some customers may initiate cost cutting measures or scale back their operations. This could result in churn in our customer base, reductions in revenues from our offerings, adverse effects to our days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO"), longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition, which could adversely affect our liquidity. Customers, vendors and/or partners filing for bankruptcy could also lead to costly and time-intensive actions with adverse effects, including greater difficulty or delay in accounts receivable collection. The uncertain economic environment could also have an impact on our foreign exchange forward contracts if our counterparties' credit deteriorates or if they are otherwise unable to perform their obligations. Our efforts to mitigate the risks associated with these adverse conditions may not be successful and our business and growth could be adversely affected. Our business could be harmed by increased costs to procure power, prolonged power outages, shortages or capacity constraints. Any power outages, shortages, capacity constraints, limits on access or significant increases in the cost of power may have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. In each of our markets, we contract with and rely on third parties, third party infrastructure, governments, and global suppliers to provide a sufficient amount of power to maintain our IBX data centers and meet the needs of our current and future customers. In certain instances, we have experienced difficulties in securing the energy supply we have contracted for or that we need for our expansion plans. In certain markets, there are specific requirements to cover our operations with power procured from renewable energy resources and the availability of such alternative energy resources may be limited. Any such limitations may have a negative impact on a given IBX data 14 Table of Contents center and may limit our ability to grow our business which could negatively affect our financial performance and results of operations. Furthermore, the inability to supply customers with their contracted power for any reason could harm customer and/or joint venture relationships as well as cause reputational harm. Each new facility requires access to significant quantities of electricity. Limitations on generation, transmission and distribution may limit our ability to obtain sufficient power capacity for potential expansion sites in new or existing markets. Utility companies and other third-party power providers may impose onerous operating conditions to any agreement to provision power or we may experience significant delays, unfavorable contractual terms, new industry regulations and substantial increased costs to obtain the level of electrical service required by our current or future IBX data center designs. In certain cases, we must commit to power purchases before an IBX center is fully operational, increasing fixed costs and the risk that these costs cannot be passed on to customers. Our ability to find reliable partners and appropriate sites for expansion may also be limited by access to power, especially as we design our data centers to the specifications of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, which are more power-intensive, and further prepare to serve the power demands we expect in the future. Our IBX data centers are affected by problems accessing electricity sources, such as planned or unplanned power outages and limitations on transmission or distribution of power. Unplanned power outages, including, but not limited to those relating to large storms, earthquakes, fires, tsunamis, cyber-attacks, physical attacks on utility infrastructure, war, and any failures of electrical power grids or internal systems more generally, and planned power outages by public utilities, could harm our customers and our business. Employees working from home could be subjected to power outages at home which could be difficult to track and could affect the day-to-day operations of our non-IBX data center employees. Our international operations are sometimes located outside of developed, reliable electricity markets, where we are exposed to some insecurity in supply associated with technical, regulatory and reliability problems, as well as transmission constraints. Some of our IBX data centers are located in leased buildings where, depending upon the lease requirements and number of tenants involved, we may or may not control some or all of the infrastructure including generators and fuel tanks. As a result, in the event of a power outage, we could be dependent upon the landlord, as well as the utility company, to restore the power. We attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators, which are in turn supported by onsite fuel storage and through contracts with fuel suppliers, but these measures may not always prevent downtime or solve for long-term or large-scale outages. We have experienced outages in the past for various reasons and could experience outages in the future. Any outage or supply disruption could adversely affect our business, customer experience and revenues. We are currently experiencing inflation and volatility pressures in the energy market globally. Various macroeconomic factors are contributing to the instability and global power shortage including inadequate power generation and transmission to meet market demand in certain locations, severe weather events, governmental regulations, government relations and inflation. While we have aimed to minimize our risk, via hedging, conservation, and other efficiencies, we expect the cost for power to continue to be volatile and unpredictable and subject to inflationary pressures. We believe we have made appropriate estimates for these costs in our forecasting, but the current unpredictable energy market could materially affect our ability to expand our business, our financial forecasting, results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to our Operations Any failure of our physical infrastructure or negative impact on our ability to meet our obligations to our customers, or damage to customer infrastructure within our IBX data centers, could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could reduce our revenue and harm our business reputation and financial condition. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our IBX data centers and ensure our IBX data centers and non-IBX business operations remain operational at all times. We own certain of our IBX data centers, but others are leased by us, and we rely on the landlord for basic maintenance of our leased IBX data centers and office buildings and, in some cases, the landlord is responsible for the infrastructure that runs the building such as power connections, UPSs and backup power generators. If such landlord has not maintained a leased property sufficiently, we may be forced into an early exit from the center which could be disruptive to our business. Furthermore, we continue to acquire IBX data centers not built by us and we may be required to incur substantial additional costs to repair or upgrade the IBX data centers. Newly acquired data centers also may not have the same power infrastructure and design in place as our own IBX data centers. These legacy designs could require upgrades in order to meet our standards and our customers expectations. Until the legacy systems are brought up to our standards, customers in 15 Table of Contents these IBX data centers could be exposed to higher risks of unexpected power outages. We have experienced power outages because of these legacy design issues in the past and we could experience them in the future. Problems at one or more of our IBX data centers or corporate offices, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure or equipment damage. These could result from numerous factors, including but not limited to: human error; equipment failure; physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches; fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood, tornado and other natural disasters; extreme temperatures; water damage; fiber failures, subsea cable damage and other network damage/interruptions; software updates; power loss; terrorist acts; sabotage and vandalism; insider threat; global pandemics; inability of our operations employees to access our IBX data centers for any reason; and failure of business partners who provide our resale products. We have service level commitment obligations to most customers. As a result, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our IBX data centers could result in difficulty maintaining service level commitments to these customers and potential claims related to such failures. Because our IBX data centers are critical to many of our customers' businesses, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our IBX data centers could also result in lost profits or other indirect or consequential damages to our customers. We cannot guarantee that a court would enforce any contractual limitations on our liability in the event that one of our customers brings a lawsuit against us as a result of a problem at one of our IBX data centers and we have in the past and may decide in the future to reach settlements with affected customers irrespective of any such contractual limitations. Any such settlement may result in a reduction of revenue under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). In addition, any loss of service, equipment damage or inability to meet our service level commitment obligations could reduce the confidence of our customers and could consequently impair our ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our results of operations. Furthermore, we are dependent upon internet service providers, telecommunications carriers and other website operators in the Americas, Asia-Pacific and EMEA regions and elsewhere, some of which have experienced significant system failures and electrical outages in the past. We also rely on a number of third-party software providers in order to deliver our offerings and operate our business. Our customers may in the future experience difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems and offerings. If, for any reason, these suppliers fail to provide the required services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. Our IBX data center employees are critical to our ability to maintain our business operations and reach our service level commitments. Although we have redundancies built into our workforce, if our IBX employees are unable to access our IBX data centers for any reason, we could experience operational issues at the affected site. Pandemics, weather and climate related crises or any other social, political, or economic disruption in the U.S. or abroad could prevent sufficient staffing at our IBX data centers, or at our corporate offices, and have a material adverse impact on our operations. We experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and may be vulnerable to future security breaches, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Despite our efforts to protect against cyber-attacks, we are not fully insulated from such threats. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks and security incidents to varying degrees, and in some cases threat actors have gained unauthorized access to our systems and data. While previous incidents have been resolved, and their impacts have been immaterial, we expect we will continue to face risks associated with unauthorized access to our 16 Table of Contents computer systems, loss or destruction of data, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, distributed denial-of-service attacks or other malicious activities, and the impact of such events in the future may be material. A cyber attack may originate from either an external actor or an insider threat within the organization. In the course of our business, we utilize vendors and other partners who are also sources of cyber risks to us. In addition, our hybrid working model, that includes both work from home and in office working environments, could expose us to additional security risks. We offer professional solutions to our customers where we consult on data center solutions and assist with implementations. We also offer managed services in certain locations where we manage the data center infrastructure for our customers. The access to our clients' networks and data, which is gained from these solutions, creates some risk that our clients' networks or data could be improperly accessed. We may also design our clients' cloud storage systems in such a way that exposes our clients to increased risk of data breach. If we were held responsible for any such breach, it could result in a significant loss to us, including damage to our client relationships, harm to our brand and reputation, and legal liability. As techniques used to breach security change frequently and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, we may not be able to promptly detect that a cyber breach has occurred, or implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, we may not be able to determine the extent to which these measures could be circumvented. Recent developments in the cyber threat landscape include use of AI and machine learning, as well as an increased number of cyber extortion and ransomware attacks, with the potential for higher financial ransom demand amounts and increasing sophistication and variety of ransomware techniques and methodology. Further, any adoption of AI by us or by third parties may pose new security challenges. A party who is able to compromise the security measures on our networks or the security of our infrastructure could misappropriate the proprietary or sensitive information of Equinix, our customers, including government customers, or the personal information of our employees, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or our customers' operations. As we provide assurances to our customers that we provide a high level of security, such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation. We also may be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by cyber breaches in our physical or virtual security systems. Any breaches that may occur in the future could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers, damage relating to loss of proprietary information, harm to our reputation and increases in our security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and results of operations. The international cybersecurity regulatory landscape continues to evolve and compliance with the proposed reporting requirements could further complicate our ability to resolve cyber-attacks. We maintain insurance coverage for cyber risks, but such coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our losses. We are currently making significant investments in our back-office information technology systems and processes. Difficulties from or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have been investing heavily in our back-office information technology systems and processes for a number of years and expect such investment to continue for the foreseeable future in support of our pursuit of global, scalable solutions across all geographies and functions that we operate in. These continuing investments include ongoing improvements to the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing and our revenue recognition process; integration of recently acquired operations onto our various information technology systems; and implementation of new tools and technologies to either further streamline and automate processes, or to support our compliance with evolving U.S. GAAP and international accounting standards. As a result of our continued work on these projects, we may experience difficulties with our systems, management distraction and significant business disruptions. For example, difficulties with our systems may interrupt our ability to accept and deliver customer orders and may adversely impact our overall financial operations, including our accounts payable, accounts receivables, general ledger, fixed assets, revenue recognition, close processes, internal financial controls and our ability to otherwise run and track our business. We may need to expend significant attention, time and resources to correct problems or find alternative sources for performing these functions. Changes to our financial systems also create an increased risk of deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting until such systems are stabilized. Such significant investments in our back-office systems may take longer to complete and cost more than originally planned. In addition, we may not realize the full benefits we hoped to achieve and there is a risk of an impairment charge if we decide that portions of these projects will not ultimately benefit us or are de-scoped. Finally, the collective impact of these changes to our business has placed significant demands on impacted employees across multiple functions, increasing the risk of errors and control deficiencies in our financial statements, distraction from 17 Table of Contents the effective operation of our business and difficulty in attracting and retaining employees. Any such difficulties or disruptions may adversely affect our business, our culture and our results of operations. The level of insurance coverage that we purchase may prove to be inadequate. We carry liability, property, business interruption and other insurance policies to cover insurable risks to our company. We select the types of insurance, the limits and the deductibles based on our specific risk profile, the cost of the insurance coverage versus its perceived benefit and general industry standards. Our insurance policies contain industry standard exclusions for events such as war and nuclear reaction. We purchase earthquake insurance for certain of our IBX data centers, but for our IBX data centers in high-risk zones, including those in California and Japan, we have elected to self-insure. The earthquake and flood insurance that we do purchase would be subject to high deductibles. Any of the limits of insurance that we purchase, including those for flood or cyber risks, could prove to be inadequate, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to recruit or retain key qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. In December 2025, we announced the retirement of and succession plan for our Chief Financial Officer. Any significant leadership change involves risk, and any failure to transition effectively could hinder our strategic planning, business execution and future performance. A transition in our Chief Financial Officer role may create uncertainty and operational challenges, including disruption to employee workflows, increased distraction, potential adverse impacts on employee retention and satisfaction, and an increased risk of delays or errors in financial reporting and internal controls during the transition period. Any such impacts could impair our ability to execute our financial strategy effectively and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our future performance depends on the continued success of our executive team and our ability to attract and retain skilled employees, including management. In addition, our talent strategy could continue to evolve with the future direction of the business. We must continue to identify, hire, train and retain key personnel who maintain relationships with our customers and who can provide the technical, strategic and marketing skills required for our company's growth. There is a shortage of qualified personnel in these fields, and we compete with other companies for the limited pool of talent. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to retain our existing personnel or attract additional qualified employees in the future. The failure to recruit and retain necessary key personnel could cause disruption, harm our business and hamper our ability to grow our company. The failure to obtain favorable terms when we renew our IBX data center leases, or the failure to renew such leases, could harm our business and results of operations. While we own certain of our IBX data centers, others are leased under long-term arrangements. These leased IBX data centers have all been subject to significant development by us in order to convert them from, in most cases, vacant buildings or warehouses into IBX data centers. Most of our IBX data center leases have renewal options available to us. However, many of these renewal options provide for the rent to be set at then-prevailing market rates. To the extent that then-prevailing market rates or negotiated rates are higher than present rates, these higher costs may adversely impact our business and results of operations, or we may decide against renewing the lease. There may also be changes in shared operating costs in connection with our leases, which are commonly referred to as common area maintenance expenses. In the event that an IBX data center lease does not have a renewal option, or we fail to exercise a renewal option in a timely fashion and lose our right to renew the lease, we may not be successful in negotiating a renewal of the lease with the landlord. Further, for various reasons, a landlord may not want to renew the lease with us, or he may transfer his interests to third parties which could affect our ability to renew the lease. A failure to renew a lease or termination by a landlord of any lease could force us to exit a building prematurely, which could disrupt our business, harm our customer relationships, impact and harm our joint venture relationships, expose us to liability under our customer contracts or joint venture agreements, cause us to take impairment charges and affect our results of operations negatively. We depend on a number of third parties to provide internet connectivity to our IBX data centers; if connectivity is interrupted or terminated, our results of operations and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. The presence of diverse telecommunications carriers' fiber networks in our IBX data centers is critical to our ability to retain and attract new customers. We are not a telecommunications carrier, and as such, we rely on third parties to provide our customers with carrier services. We believe that the availability of carrier capacity will directly affect our ability to achieve our projected results. We rely primarily on revenue opportunities from the 18 Table of Contents telecommunications carriers' customers to encourage them to invest the capital and operating resources required to connect from their data centers to our IBX data centers. Carriers will likely evaluate the revenue opportunity of an IBX data center based on the assumption that the environment will be highly competitive. We cannot provide assurance that each and every carrier will elect to offer its services within our IBX data centers or that once a carrier has decided to provide internet connectivity to our IBX data centers that it will continue to do so for any period of time. Our new IBX data centers require construction and operation of a sophisticated redundant fiber network. The construction required to connect multiple carrier facilities to our IBX data centers is complex and involves factors outside of our control, including regulatory processes and the availability of construction resources. Any hardware or fiber failures on these networks, either on land or subsea, may result in significant loss of connectivity to our new IBX data center expansions. This could affect our ability to attract new customers to these IBX data centers or retain existing customers. To date, the network neutrality of our IBX data centers and the variety of networks available to our customers has often been a competitive advantage for us. In certain of our markets, the limited number of carriers available reduces that advantage. As a result, we may need to adapt our key revenue-generating offerings and pricing to be competitive in those markets. If the establishment of highly diverse internet connectivity to our IBX data centers does not occur, is materially delayed, disrupted or is discontinued, or is subject to failure, our results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. The use of high-power density equipment may limit our ability to fully utilize the space in our older IBX data centers. Server technologies continue to evolve and in some instances these changes can result in customers increasing their use of high-power density equipment in our IBX data centers which can increase the demand for power on a per cabinet basis. Additionally, the workloads related to new and evolving technologies such as AI are increasing the demand for high density computing power. Because many of our IBX data centers were built a number of years ago, the current demand for power may exceed the designed electrical capacity in these IBX data centers. As power, not space, is a limiting factor in many of our IBX data centers, our ability to fully utilize the space in those IBX data centers may be impacted. The ability to increase the power capacity of an IBX data center, should we decide to, is dependent on several factors including, but not limited to, the local utility's ability to provide additional power; the length of time required to provide such power; and/or whether it is feasible to upgrade the electrical and mechanical infrastructure of an IBX data center to deliver additional power and cooling to customers. Although we are currently designing and building to a higher power specification than that of many of our older IBX data centers, and are considering redevelopment of certain sites where appropriate, there is a risk that demand could continue to increase, or our redevelopment may not be successful, and the space inside our IBX data centers could become underutilized sooner than expected. The development and use of artificial intelligence in the workplace presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business and operating results. We have begun leveraging AI and machine learning capabilities for our employees to use in their day-to-day operations. Failure to invest adequately in such capabilities may result in us lagging behind our competitors in terms of improving operational efficiency and achieving superior outcomes for our business and our customers. As we embark on these initiatives, we may encounter challenges such as a shortage of appropriate data to train internal AI models, a lack of skilled talent to effectively execute our strategy of leveraging AI internally, or the possibility that the tools we utilize may not deliver the intended value. Use of third-party AI tools can also bring information security, data privacy and legal risks. Failure to successfully harness these AI tools and manage associated risks could negatively impact our business and operating results. Risks Related to our Offerings and Customers Our offerings have a long sales cycle that may harm our revenue and results of operations. A customer's decision to purchase our offerings typically involves a significant commitment of resources. In addition, some customers will be reluctant to commit to locating in our IBX data centers until they are confident that 19 Table of Contents the IBX data center has adequate carrier connections. As a result, we have a long sales cycle. Furthermore, we may devote significant time and resources to pursuing a particular sale or customer that does not result in revenues. Delays due to the length of our sales cycle may materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations, which could harm our ability to meet our forecasts and cause volatility in our stock price. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. The global multi-tenant data center market is highly fragmented. It is estimated that we are one of more than 2,400 companies that provide these offerings around the world. We compete with these firms which vary in terms of their data center offerings and the geographies in which they operate. We must continue to evolve our product strategy and be able to differentiate our IBX data centers and product offerings from those of our competitors. Some of our competitors may adopt aggressive pricing policies, especially if they are not highly leveraged or have lower return thresholds than we do. As a result, we may suffer from pricing pressure that would adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. Some of these competitors may also provide our target customers with additional benefits, including bundled communication services or cloud services, and may do so in a manner that is more attractive to our potential customers than obtaining space in our IBX data centers. Similarly, with growing acceptance of cloud-based technologies, we are at risk of losing customers that may decide to fully leverage cloud infrastructure offerings instead of managing their own. Competitors could also operate more successfully or form alliances to acquire significant market share. Regional competitors may also consolidate to become a global competitor. Consolidation of our customers and/or our competitors may present a risk to our business model and have a negative impact on our revenues. Further, because of the expected growth and opportunity related to AI, we anticipate significant investments in the data center industry by both current competitors and new investors and companies looking to capture this opportunity. If Equinix is unable to compete against these new market entrants, or capture a proportionate share of these investments, we could lose market share during this expected period of growth. We also must compete against certain of these competitors to secure the land and power needed for our expansion plans. Failure to compete successfully may materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If we cannot continue to develop, acquire, market and provide new offerings or enhancements to existing offerings that meet customer requirements and differentiate us from our competitors, our results of operations could suffer. As our customers evolve their IT strategies, we must remain flexible and evolve along with new technologies and industry and market shifts. The process of developing and acquiring new offerings and enhancing existing offerings is complex. If we fail to anticipate customers evolving needs and expectations or do not adapt to technological and IT trends, our results of operations could suffer. Ineffective planning and execution in our cloud, AI and product development strategies may cause difficulty in sustaining our competitive advantages. Additionally, any delay in the development, acquisition, marketing or launch of a new offering could result in customer dissatisfaction or attrition. If we cannot continue adapting our products and strategies, or if our competitors can adapt their products more quickly than us, our business could be harmed. In order to adapt effectively, we sometimes must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for the new offerings. This kind of investment may include real estate expansion or developing, acquiring and obtaining power and intellectual property investments. If we fail to invest before or contemporaneously with our competitors, our results of operations could suffer. We also must remain flexible and change strategies quickly if our predictions are not accurate. We are currently investing in our AI strategy to serve the large footprint we foresee for customers AI workloads. The future of AI is still uncertain and as it continues to evolve, our predictions about the market may prove inaccurate. Market news and speculation about the future of AI and/or its impact on the data center industry have caused volatility in our stock price in the past. We cannot guarantee our investments and predictions will be accurate around AI or any other customer demand. We have also been making investments of resources in expanding our product portfolio in recent years. New offerings may come with additional risks and may not always be successful, and certain past offerings have been or are being discontinued, including the Equinix Metal product. New offerings may also require additional capital, have lower margins and higher customer churn as compared to our data center offerings, thus adversely impacting our 20 Table of Contents results. These offerings may also introduce us to different competition and faster development cycles as compared to our data center business. If we cannot develop or partner to quickly and efficiently meet market demands, we may also see adverse results. While we believe these product offerings and others we may implement in the future will be desirable to our customers and will complement our other offerings, we cannot guarantee the success of any product or any other new product offering. We have also invested in joint ventures in order to develop capacity to serve the large footprint needs of a targeted set of hyperscale customers by leveraging existing capacity and dedicated hyperscale builds. We believe these hyperscale customers will also play a large role in the growth of the market for AI. We have announced our intention to seek additional joint ventures for certain of our hyperscale builds. There can be no assurances that our joint ventures will be successful or that we find appropriate partners, or that we will be able to successfully meet the needs of these customers through our hyperscale offerings. Failure to successfully execute on our product, AI or hyperscale strategies could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We have government contracts, which subject us to revenue risk and certain other risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We derive revenues from contracts with the U.S. government, state and local governments and foreign governments. Some of these customers may terminate all or part of their contracts at any time, without cause. There is increased pressure for governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending. Some of our federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations being made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under these contracts. Similarly, some of our contracts at the state and local levels are subject to government funding authorizations. Government contracts often have unique terms and conditions to address public sector acquisition requirements, such as most favored customer obligations, and are generally subject to audits and investigations. On occasion, we have been out of compliance with contractual terms of certain government contracts and have remedied as necessary. Being out of compliance with the terms of such contracts could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions, or debarment from future government business. Because we depend on the development and growth of a balanced customer base, including key magnet customers, failure to attract, grow and retain this base of customers could harm our business and results of operations. Our ability to maximize revenues depends on our ability to develop and grow a balanced customer base, consisting of a variety of companies, including enterprises, cloud, digital content and financial companies, and network service providers. We consider certain of these customers to be key magnets in that they draw in other customers. In many instances, the more balanced the customer base within each IBX data center, the better we will be able to generate significant interconnection revenues, which in turn increases our overall revenues. Our ability to attract customers to our IBX data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including the presence of multiple carriers, the mix of our offerings, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through vertical market ecosystems, the IBX data center's operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our offerings. However, some of our customers may face competitive pressures and may ultimately not be successful or may be consolidated through merger or acquisition. If these customers do not continue to use our IBX data centers it may be disruptive to our business. If customers combine businesses, they may require less colocation space, which could lead to churn in our customer base. Finally, any uncertain global economic climate, including the one we are currently experiencing, could harm our ability to attract and retain customers if customers slow spending, or delay decision-making on our offerings, or if customers begin to have difficulty paying us or seek bankruptcy protection and we experience increased churn in our customer base. Any of these factors may hinder the development, growth and retention of a balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 21 Table of Contents Risks Related to our Financial Results and Stock Price The market price of our stock may continue to be highly volatile, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline. The market price of the shares of our common stock has recently been and may continue to be highly volatile. General economic and market conditions, like the ones we are currently experiencing, and market conditions for technology, data center and REIT stocks in general, may affect the market price of our common stock. Announcements by us or others, or speculations about our future plans, may also have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock. These may relate to: our results of operations or forecasts; new issuances of equity, debt or convertible debt by us, including issuances through any existing ATM Program; increases in market interest rates and changes in other general market and economic conditions, including inflationary concerns; changes to our capital allocation, tax planning or business strategy; our qualification for taxation as a REIT and our declaration of distributions to our stockholders; changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws; changes in management or key personnel; developments in our relationships with customers; announcements by our customers or competitors; changes in the perceived demand for goods and services supporting AI; changes in regulatory policy or interpretation; market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry, which may include short seller reports; litigation and governmental investigations; changes in the ratings of our debt or stock by rating agencies or securities analysts; our purchase or development of real estate and/or additional IBX data centers; our acquisitions of complementary businesses; or the operational performance of our IBX data centers. The stock market has from time-to-time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices for technology, data center and REIT stocks, and which have often been unrelated to their operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our common stock is our distribution rate as a percentage of our stock price relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective investors may demand a higher distribution rate or seek alternative investments paying higher dividends or interest. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and conditions in the capital markets may affect the market value of our common stock. Furthermore, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We have been the target of this type of litigation and we may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and/or damages, and divert management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. Furthermore, short sellers may engage in activity intended to drive down the market price of our common stock, which could also result in related regulatory and governmental scrutiny, among other effects. Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed or intends to borrow from a third party with the intention of later buying lower priced identical securities to return to the lender. Accordingly, it is in the interest of a short seller of our common stock for the price to decline. At any time, short sellers may also publish, or arrange for the publication of, opinions or characterizations that are intended to create negative market momentum in our common stock. Short selling reports can cause downward pressure and increased volatility in an issuer s stock price. On March 20, 2024, a short seller report was published about us, which contained certain allegations related to components of our operating results and other strategic matters. As a result, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors commenced an independent investigation to review the matters referenced in the report. Shortly after the release of the report, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California (the "NDCA") and on April 30, 2024, we also received a subpoena from the SEC. On November 19, 2025, we received correspondence from the SEC indicating that the agency had concluded its investigation and does not intend to recommend an enforcement action. The Company also does not expect any further related action from the NDCA. Although these investigations are resolved, any future subpoenas, inquiries or investigations conducted by a 22 Table of Contents governmental organization or other regulatory body or internal investigation, could result in a material diversion of our management s time and result in substantial cost and, in the event of an adverse finding, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We have been, and in the future may be, subject to securities class action and other litigation, which may harm our business and results of operations. We have been, and in the future may be, subject to securities class action or other litigation. For example, we recently resolved a stockholder class action lawsuit and continue to face multiple stockholder derivative claims as described in "Legal Proceedings" included in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Litigation can be lengthy, expensive, and divert management's attention and resources. Results cannot be predicted with certainty and an adverse outcome in litigation could result in monetary damages or injunctive relief. Further, any payments made in settlement may directly reduce our revenue under U.S. GAAP and could negatively impact our results of operations for the period. While we maintain insurance coverage, we cannot be certain that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or in sufficient amounts to cover potential losses. For all of these reasons, litigation could seriously harm our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Our results of operations may fluctuate. We have experienced fluctuations in our results of operations on a quarterly and annual basis. The fluctuations in our results of operations may cause the market price of our common stock to be volatile. We may experience significant fluctuations in our results of operations in the foreseeable future due to a variety of factors, many of which are listed in this Risk Factors section. Additional factors could include, but are not limited to: the timing of investment commitment versus the subsequent resulting revenue as development can take multiple years; the timing and magnitude of depreciation and interest expense or other expenses related to the acquisition, purchase or construction of additional IBX data centers or the upgrade of existing IBX data centers; demand for space, power and solutions at our IBX data centers; the availability of power and the associated cost of procuring the power; changes in general economic conditions, such as those stemming from pandemics or other economic downturns, or specific market conditions in the telecommunications and internet industries, any of which could have a material impact on us or on our customer base; additions and changes in product offerings and our ability to ramp up and integrate new products within the time period we have forecasted; restructuring and other exit charges incurred in the event of a realignment of our management structure, operations or products or other exit activities; the financial condition and credit risk of our customers; the provision of customer discounts and credits; the mix of current and proposed products and offerings and the gross margins associated with our products and offerings; increasing repair and maintenance expenses in connection with aging IBX data centers; lack of available capacity in our existing IBX data centers to generate new revenue or delays in opening new or acquired IBX data centers that delay our ability to generate new revenue in markets which have otherwise reached capacity; changes in employee stock-based compensation; changes in our tax planning strategies or failure to realize anticipated benefits from such strategies; changes in income tax benefit or expense; and changes in or new GAAP as periodically released by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"). Any of the foregoing factors, or other factors discussed elsewhere in this report, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we have experienced growth in revenues in recent quarters, this growth rate is not necessarily indicative of future results of operations. It is possible that we may not be able to generate net income on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. In addition, a relatively large portion of our expenses are fixed in the short-term, particularly with respect to lease and personnel expenses, depreciation and amortization and interest expenses. Therefore, our results of operations are particularly sensitive to fluctuations in revenues. As such, comparisons to prior reporting periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future performance. In addition, our results of operations in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 23 Table of Contents We have incurred substantial losses in the past and may incur additional losses in the future. As of December 31, 2025, our retained earnings were $6.1 billion. We are currently investing heavily in our future growth through the build out of multiple additional IBX data centers, expansions of IBX data centers and acquisitions of complementary businesses. As a result, we will incur higher depreciation and other operating expenses, as well as transaction costs and interest expense, that may negatively impact our ability to sustain profitability in future periods unless and until these new IBX data centers generate enough revenue to exceed their operating costs and cover the additional overhead needed to scale our business for this anticipated growth. The current global financial uncertainty may also impact our ability to sustain profitability if we cannot generate sufficient revenue to offset the increased costs of our recently opened IBX data centers or IBX data centers currently under construction. In addition, costs associated with the acquisition and integration of any acquired companies, as well as the additional interest expense associated with debt financing, we have undertaken to fund our growth initiatives, may also negatively impact our ability to sustain profitability. Finally, given the competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. We may incur goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges, or impairment charges to our property, plant and equipment, which could result in a significant reduction to our earnings. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we are required to assess our goodwill and other intangible assets annually, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate potential impairment, such as changing market conditions or any changes in key assumptions. If the testing performed indicates that an asset may not be recoverable, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or other intangible assets in the period the determination is made. We also periodically monitor the remaining net book values of our property, plant and equipment, generally at the individual IBX data center level. Although our individual IBX data centers are generally performing in accordance with our expectations, our IBX data centers could under-perform relative to our expectations which may result in additional non-cash impairment charges. These charges could be significant, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Risks Related to Our Expansion Plans Our construction of new IBX data centers, IBX data center expansions or IBX data center redevelopment could involve significant risks to our business. In order to sustain our growth in certain of our existing and new markets, we may have to expand an existing data center, lease a new facility or acquire suitable land, with or without structures, to build new IBX data centers from the ground up. Expansions or new builds are currently underway, or being contemplated, in new and existing markets. Construction projects expose us to many risks which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or on customer demand and satisfaction. As part of our current strategy, we are also building larger campuses than we have in the past which may exacerbate many of the risks associated with construction projects. Current global supply chain, tariffs and inflation issues have also increased many of these construction risks and created additional risks for our business. Some of the risks associated with construction projects include: construction delays and/or quality issues; power and power grid constraints; unexpected lack or reduction of power access; increased prices and lack of availability and delays for data center equipment, including items such as generators and switchgear; water constraints; unexpected budget changes; increased prices for and delays in obtaining building supplies and raw materials; labor availability, labor disputes and work stoppages with contractors, subcontractors and other third parties; unanticipated environmental issues and geological problems; delays related to permitting and approvals to open from public agencies and utility companies; community protest and/or disruption; 24 Table of Contents adverse impacts on existing customers in the IBX data center; delays in site readiness leading to our failure to meet commitments made to customers planning to expand into a new build; and unanticipated customer requirements that would necessitate alternative data center design, making our sites less desirable or leading to increased costs in order to make necessary modifications or retrofits. We are currently experiencing rising construction costs which reflect the increase in cost of labor and raw materials, supply chain and logistic challenges, and high demand in our sector. While we have invested in creating a reserve of materials to mitigate supply chain issues and inflation, it may not be sufficient and ongoing delays, difficulty finding replacement products and continued high inflation could affect our business and growth and could have a material effect on our business. In certain instances, we have elected to pre-buy certain equipment and materials to mitigate supply chain issues before our construction plans are finalized. If our estimates are wrong, we may be liable to pay for goods we no longer need. Current relations between the U.S. and China have created increased supply chain risk due to successive U.S. legislation promoting decoupling from China on semiconductors and specific telecommunications equipment makers as well as the threat of increased tariffs and having to source from alternative suppliers for key components outside of China. We are currently using our global supply chain to manage the evolving tariff environment and reduce impacts on our business and customers. At this time, we believe the largest potential tariff impact for us is related to steel and steel derivatives. Tariffs on steel and steel derivatives could lead to significant building cost increases for us if we are unable to source alternative options. Any additional tariffs to be imposed by the U.S. on imports from certain countries and potential counter-tariffs in response, could lead to increased costs and supply chain disruptions. Attacks on merchant vessels remain high in the Red Sea which is causing disruptions in shipping routes. Although alternative routes are available, including routes via the Cape of Good Hope, these routes can add additional transit time and lead to delayed deliveries and increased fuel costs. We anticipate the disruptions in the Red Sea could continue to escalate. Any additional or unexpected disruptions to our supply chain, including in the event of any sustained regional escalation of the current conflict in the Middle East in the area around the Red Sea or more broadly, or inflationary pressures could significantly affect the cost and delivery timing of our planned expansion projects and interfere with our ability to meet commitments to customers who have contracted for space in new IBX data centers under construction. Construction projects are dependent on permitting from public agencies and utility companies. Any delay in permitting, including due to community opposition, could affect our growth. We are currently experiencing permitting delays in most metros. While we don't currently anticipate any material long-term negative impact to our business because of these construction delays, these types of delays and stoppages related to permitting from public agencies and utility companies could worsen and have an adverse effect on our bookings, revenue or growth. Additionally, increased community scrutiny of data center resource use including land, water and power, may lead permitting authorities to impose stricter requirements, resulting in longer approval processes, higher costs, or project cancellations. These challenges could hinder our ability to execute growth plans and meet strategic objectives. All construction related projects require us to carefully select and rely on the experience of one or more designers, general contractors, and associated subcontractors during the design and construction process. Additionally, we specify performance and quality requirements for our products. Constraints to component availability, restrictions on permitted suppliers, import and export controls and supplier backlogs could lead suppliers to source from alternative providers. This could lead to increased quality defects and a failure of Equinix to meet our performance and quality requirements. Further, should a designer, general contractor, significant subcontractor or key supplier experience financial problems or other problems during or leading up to the design or construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and/or other negative impacts to our expected returns. Site selection is also a critical factor in our expansion plans. There may not be suitable properties available in our markets with the necessary combination of high-power capacity, sufficient water supply and fiber connectivity, or selection may be limited. We expect that we will continue to experience limited availability of water and power and grid constraints in many markets as well as shortages of associated equipment because of the current high demands and finite nature of these resources. These shortages could result in site selection challenges, construction delays or increased costs. Government limitations or moratoriums placed on data center construction in a given market may also negatively impact our ability to expand according to our plans or prevent us from 25 Table of Contents completing our data center construction projects leading to stranded capital. Thus, while we may prefer to locate new IBX data centers adjacent to our existing locations, it may not always be possible. In the event we decide to build new IBX data centers separate from our existing IBX data centers, we may provide metro connect solutions to connect these two IBX data centers. Should these solutions not provide the necessary reliability to sustain connection, or if they do not meet the needs of our customers, this could result in lower interconnection revenue and lower margins and could have a negative impact on customer retention over time. Acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial or strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction. We have completed numerous acquisitions and we expect to make additional acquisitions in the future, which may include (i) acquisitions of businesses, products, solutions or technologies that we believe to be complementary, (ii) acquisitions of new IBX data centers or real estate for development of new IBX data centers; (iii) acquisitions through investments in local data center operators; or (iv) acquisitions in new markets with higher risk profiles. We may pay for future acquisitions by using our existing cash resources (which may limit other potential uses of our cash), incurring additional debt (which may increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements) and/or issuing shares (which may dilute our existing stockholders and have a negative effect on our earnings per share). Acquisitions expose us to potential risks, including but not limited to: the possible disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management's attention by acquisition, transition and integration activities, particularly when multiple acquisitions and integrations are occurring at the same time or when we are entering an emerging market with a higher risk profile; our potential inability to successfully pursue or realize some or all of the anticipated revenue opportunities associated with an acquisition or investment; the possibility that we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, or businesses in which we invest, or achieve anticipated operating efficiencies or cost savings; the possibility that announced acquisitions may not be completed, due to failure to satisfy the conditions to closing as a result of: an injunction, law or order that makes unlawful the consummation of the acquisition; inaccuracy or breach of the representations and warranties of, or the non-compliance with covenants by, either party; the nonreceipt of closing documents; or for other reasons; the possibility that there could be a delay in the completion of an acquisition, which could, among other things, result in additional transaction costs, loss of revenue or other adverse effects resulting from such uncertainty; the possibility that our projections about the success of an acquisition could be inaccurate and any such inaccuracies could have a material adverse effect on our financial projections; the dilution of our existing stockholders as a result of our issuing stock as consideration in a transaction or selling stock in order to fund the transaction; the possibility of customer dissatisfaction if we are unable to achieve levels of quality and stability on par with past practices; the possibility that we will be unable to retain relationships with key customers, landlords and/or suppliers of the acquired businesses, some of which may terminate their contracts with the acquired business as a result of the acquisition or which may attempt to negotiate changes in their current or future business relationships with us; the possibility that we could lose key employees from the acquired businesses; the possibility that we may be unable to integrate certain IT systems for any reason including because they do not meet Equinix's standard requirements with respect to security, privacy or any other standard; the potential deterioration in our ability to access credit markets due to increased leverage; the possibility that our customers may not accept either the existing equipment infrastructure or the "look-and-feel" of a new or different IBX data center; the possibility that additional capital expenditures may be required or that transaction expenses associated with acquisitions may be higher than anticipated; the possibility that required financing to fund an acquisition may not be available on acceptable terms or at all; the possibility that we may be unable to obtain required approvals from governmental authorities under antitrust and competition laws on a timely basis or at all, which could, among other things, delay or prevent 26 Table of Contents us from completing an acquisition, limit our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic benefits of an acquisition or have other adverse effects on our current business and operations; the possible loss or reduction in value of acquired businesses; the possibility that future acquisitions may present new complexities in deal structure, related complex accounting and coordination with new partners, particularly in light of our desire to maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT; the possibility that we may not be able to prepare and issue our financial statements and other public filings in a timely and accurate manner, and/or maintain an effective control environment, due to the strain on the finance organization when multiple acquisitions and integrations are occurring at the same time; the possibility that future acquisitions may trigger property tax reassessments resulting in a substantial increase to our property taxes beyond that which we anticipated; the possibility that future acquisitions may be in geographies and regulatory environments to which we are unaccustomed and we may become subject to complex requirements and expose us to risks with which we have limited experience; the possibility that future acquisitions may appear less attractive due to fluctuations in foreign currency rates; the possibility that carriers may find it cost-prohibitive or impractical to bring fiber and networks into a new IBX data center; the possibility of litigation or other claims in connection with, or as a result of, an acquisition, or inherited from the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders or other third parties; the possibility that asset divestments may be required in order to obtain regulatory clearance for a transaction; the possibility of pre-existing undisclosed liabilities, including, but not limited to, lease or landlord related liability, tax liability, environmental liability or asbestos liability, for which insurance coverage may be insufficient or unavailable, or other issues not discovered in the diligence process; the possibility that we receive limited or incorrect information about the acquired business in the diligence process; and the possibility that we do not have full visibility into customer agreements and customer termination rights during the diligence process which could expose us to additional liabilities after completing the acquisition. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. If an acquisition does not proceed or is materially delayed for any reason, the price of our common stock may be adversely impacted, and we will not recognize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. We cannot assure that the price of any future acquisitions of IBX data centers or businesses will be similar to prior IBX data center acquisitions and businesses. In fact, we expect costs required to build or render new IBX data centers operational to increase in the future. If our revenue does not keep pace with these potential acquisition and expansion costs, we may not be able to maintain our current or expected margins as we absorb these additional expenses. There is no assurance we would successfully overcome these risks, or any other problems encountered with these acquisitions. The anticipated benefits of our joint ventures may not be fully realized, or take longer to realize than expected. We have entered into joint ventures to develop and operate data centers. Certain sites that are intended to be utilized in joint ventures require investment for development. The success of these joint ventures will depend, in part, on our ability to find suitable land and power. From time to time, Equinix may incur costs or make commitments to acquire land and/or power prior to the consummation of the joint venture or in advance of their transfer to the joint venture. These commitments could result in increased costs and risks for Equinix. The success of these joint ventures will also depend on the development of the data center sites. Such development may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected and could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if it is determined these sites are no longer desirable for the joint ventures, we would need to adapt such sites for other purposes and incur additional expenses as a result. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits from our joint ventures. The success of these joint ventures will depend, in part, on the successful partnership between Equinix and our joint venture partners. Such a 27 Table of Contents partnership is subject to risks as outlined below, and more generally, to the same types of business risks as would impact our IBX data center business. A failure to successfully partner, or a failure to realize our expectations for the joint ventures, including any contemplated exit strategy from a joint venture, could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. These joint ventures could also be negatively impacted by inflation, supply chain issues, an inability to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all, an inability to fill the data center sites with customers as planned, unexpected power constraints, and development and construction delays, including those we are currently experiencing in many markets globally. Joint venture investments could expose us to risks and liabilities in connection with the formation of the new joint ventures, the operation of such joint ventures without sole decision-making authority, and our reliance on joint venture partners who may have economic and business interests that are inconsistent with our business interests. In addition to our current and proposed joint ventures, we may co-invest with other third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities in the future. These joint ventures could result in our acquisition of non-controlling interests in, or shared responsibility for, managing the affairs of a property or portfolio of properties, partnership, joint venture or other entity. We may be subject to additional risks, including: we may not have the right to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the properties, partnership, joint venture or other entity; our joint venture structures may come with complex governance obligations that may be challenging to meet; if our partners become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, we may choose to or be required to contribute such capital or be otherwise adversely impacted; our partners may have economic, tax or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives; our joint venture partners may take actions that are not within our control, which could require us to dispose of the joint venture asset, transfer it to a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS") in order to maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT, or purchase the partner's interests or assets at an above-market price; our joint venture partners may take actions unrelated to our business agreement but which reflect poorly on us because of our joint venture relationship; disputes between us and our partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our management from focusing their time and effort on our day-to-day business; we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or guarantee all or a portion of the joint venture's liabilities, which may require us to pay an amount greater than its investment in the joint venture; we may fail to maintain the complex tax structure of the joint ventures and, as a result, become liable for additional tax liabilities of the joint ventures; our joint venture partner may have contractual exit rights under certain circumstances, and may force us to buy them out on terms and timing unfavorable to us; we may need to change the structure of an established joint venture or create new complex structures to meet our business needs or the needs of our partners which could prove challenging; and a joint venture partner's decision to exit the joint venture may not be at an opportune time for us or in our business interests. Each of these factors may result in returns on these investments being less than we expect or in losses, and our financial and results of operations may be adversely affected. If we cannot effectively manage our international operations and successfully implement our international expansion plans, our business and results of operations would be adversely impacted. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we recognized approximately 61%, 62% and 63%, respectively, of our revenues outside the U.S. We currently operate outside of the U.S. in Canada, Mexico, South America, the Asia-Pacific region and the EMEA region. In addition, we are currently undergoing expansions or evaluating expansion opportunities outside of the U.S., which could include entering into emerging and higher-risk markets which may expose us to new risks. Undertaking and managing expansions in foreign jurisdictions may present unanticipated challenges to us. 28 Table of Contents Our international operations are generally subject to a number of additional risks, including: the costs of customizing IBX data centers for foreign countries; protectionist laws and business practices favoring local competition; greater difficulty or delay in accounts receivable collection; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including negotiating with foreign labor unions or workers' councils; difficulties in managing across cultures and in foreign languages; political and economic instability; difficulties in managing varying business standards and construction speeds across markets; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; exposure to hyperinflation related to expansion into developing countries; difficulties in repatriating funds from certain countries; our ability to obtain, transfer or maintain licenses required by governmental entities with respect to our business; difficulties in procuring power and/or in obtaining stable sources of power; our ability to secure and maintain the necessary physical and telecommunications infrastructure; unexpected changes in political environments and government relations including trade wars; changes in the government and public administration in emerging markets that may impact the stability of foreign investment policies; compliance with anti-bribery and corruption laws; compliance with economic and trade sanctions enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the US Department of Commerce and other enforcement agencies in other jurisdictions around the world including those related to the Russian and Ukrainian war; compliance with changing and conflicting laws, policies and requirements related to sustainability; increasing scrutiny on the operational resilience of data centers, especially in countries where data centers are designated as critical national infrastructure and/or essential ICT service providers; increasing resistance to data center presence and expansion by local communities; compliance with evolving cybersecurity laws including reporting requirements; unexpected changes and compliance with tax laws; and compliance with evolving governmental regulation. If we cannot effectively manage the challenges associated with our international operations and expansion plans, we could experience a delay in our expansion projects or a failure to grow. Expansion challenges and international operations failures could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our business and results of operations. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and address these risks and manage these difficulties. We continue to invest in our expansion efforts, but may not have sufficient customer demand in the future to realize expected returns on these investments. We are considering the acquisition or lease of additional properties and the construction of new IBX data centers beyond those expansion projects already announced. We will be required to commit substantial operational and financial resources to these IBX data centers in advance of securing customer contracts and we may not have sufficient customer demand in those markets to support these IBX data centers once they are built. In addition, unanticipated technological changes could affect customer requirements for data centers, and we may not have built such requirements into our new IBX data centers. Either of these contingencies, if they were to occur, could make it difficult for us to realize expected or reasonable returns on these investments. Risks Related to Our Capital Needs and Capital Strategy Our substantial debt could adversely affect our cash flows and limit our flexibility to raise additional capital. We have a significant amount of debt and have announced our need to incur additional debt to support our planned growth. Additional debt may also be incurred to fund future acquisitions, any future special distributions, regular distributions or the other cash outlays associated with maintaining our qualification for taxation as a REIT. As of December 31, 2025, our total indebtedness (inclusive of finance lease liabilities and gross of debt issuance costs and debt discounts) was approximately $21.4 billion, our stockholders' equity was $14.2 billion and our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $3.2 billion. In addition, as of December 31, 2025, we had 29 Table of Contents approximately $4.0 billion of additional liquidity available to us from our $4.0 billion revolving credit facility. In addition to our substantial debt, we lease many of our IBX data centers and certain equipment under lease agreements, some of which are accounted for as operating leases. As of December 31, 2025, we recorded operating lease liabilities of $1.5 billion, which represents our obligation to make lease payments under those lease arrangements. Our substantial amount of debt and related covenants, our off-balance sheet commitments, and our intent to raise additional debt could have important consequences. For example, they could: require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt and in respect of other off-balance sheet arrangements, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund future capital expenditures, working capital, execution of our expansion strategy and other general corporate requirements; increase the likelihood of negative outlook from our credit rating agencies, or of a downgrade to our current rating; make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our various debt instruments; increase our cost of borrowing and even limit our ability to access additional debt to fund future growth; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and adverse changes in governmental regulations; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors; limit our operating flexibility through covenants with which we must comply; limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, which would also limit our ability to further expand our business; and make us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates because of the variable interest rates on some of our borrowings to the extent we have not entirely hedged such variable-rate debt. The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We also plan to refinance a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. Given current market conditions, there is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt. Furthermore, if prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing result in even higher interest rates upon refinancing than we anticipate, the interest expense relating to that refinanced indebtedness would increase. Volatility in the financial markets and rising interest rates could affect our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we desire, or need, to do so which could have an impact on our flexibility to pursue additional expansion opportunities and maintain our desired level of revenue growth in the future. These risks could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Sales or issuances of shares of our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Future sales or issuances of common stock or other equity related securities may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, including any shares of our common stock issued to finance capital expenditures, finance acquisitions or repay debt. In October 2024, we established an "at the market" equity offering program (the "2024 ATM Program") to replace a previous program from 2022 which had been exhausted (the "2022 ATM Program ). Under the $2.0 billion 2024 ATM Program, we may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of our common stock to or through sales agents up to established limits. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $1.2 billion available for sale under the 2024 ATM Program. We have refreshed our ATM program in the past and may refresh our ATM program in the future, which may lead to additional dilution for our stockholders. We may also seek authorization to sell additional shares of common stock through other means which could lead to additional dilution for our stockholders. Please see Note 11 within the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for sales of our common stock under our ATM programs. If we are not able to generate sufficient operating cash flows or obtain external financing, our ability to fund incremental expansion plans may be limited. 30 Table of Contents Our capital expenditures, together with ongoing operating expenses, obligations to service our debt and the cash outlays associated with our REIT distribution requirements, are, and will continue to be, a substantial burden on our cash flow and may decrease our cash balances. Additional debt or equity financing may not be available when needed or, if available, may not be available on satisfactory terms. Our inability to obtain additional debt and/or equity financing or to generate sufficient cash from operations may require us to prioritize projects or curtail capital expenditures which could adversely affect our results of operations. Risks Related to Sustainability, Environmental Laws and Climate Change Environmental and sustainability laws and regulations may impose upon us new or unexpected costs. Many countries and states have increasingly taken a more proactive approach relating to sustainability through the adoption of laws, regulations and directives that require corporations to disclose their corporate sustainability efforts, including through mandatory reporting and preparation of carbon reduction plans. Despite there being some developments in the U.S. and the EU to deregulate, scale back or simplify the requirements on corporate sustainability efforts, the global regulatory landscape on corporate sustainability reporting has continued to expand in both size and complexity across other parts of the world in which we operate. It is possible that compliance with sustainability-related laws, regulations and directives will require us to re-evaluate and make changes to our business, including changes in operations and in our supply chain and thus increase our cost of doing business in the relevant affected regions or countries. We also may incur incremental costs to enhance our internal systems to collect the data needed to meet these regulatory requirements, including attestation standards. We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations in the United States and at our non-U.S. locations, including those relating to the generation, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous substances, regulated materials and wastes. Certain of these laws and regulations also impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for investigation and cleanup costs on current and former owners and operators of real property and persons who have arranged for, disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. Our operations involve the use of hazardous substances and other regulated materials such as petroleum fuel for emergency generators, as well as batteries, cleaning solutions, refrigerants and other materials. At some of our locations, hazardous substances or regulated materials are known to be present in soil or groundwater, and there may be additional unknown hazardous substances, or regulated materials present at sites that we own, operate or lease. At some of our locations, there are land use restrictions in place relating to earlier environmental cleanups that currently do not materially limit our use of the sites. To the extent any hazardous substances or any other substance or material must be investigated, cleaned up or removed from any property that we own, operate or lease, we may be responsible under applicable laws, regulations, permits or leases for the investigation, removal or cleanup of such substances or materials, the cost of which could be substantial. Regulations or other governmental actions taken or implemented by federal executive branch officials (including U.S. Presidents) and agencies (such as the U.S. EPA), state environmental and health and safety agencies, regulators in other countries or judicial opinions or orders could limit or impact standards for air emissions from fossil fuel-fired power plants. Similarly, they could limit discharges of cooling water, the availability of potable water and otherwise impose new or different operational restraints or requirements on power plants that could increase costs and reliability of electricity. Regulatory programs intended to promote increased generation of electricity from renewable or carbon-free sources may also increase our costs of procuring electricity. In addition, we are directly subject to environmental, health and safety laws regulating air emissions, storm water management and other environmental matters arising in our business. For example, our emergency generators are subject to federal, state and country-specific regulations governing air pollutants, which could limit the operation of those generators or require the installation of new pollution control technologies. While environmental regulations do not normally impose material costs upon our operations, unexpected events, equipment malfunctions, human error and changes in law or regulations, among other factors, can lead to additional capital requirements, limitations upon our operations and unexpected increased costs. Further, greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions regulations, carbon taxes, carbon pricing mechanisms and removal of incentives for renewable energy development and GHG reductions could also increase expenses, create unexpected costs and require investments in new technologies. Non-U.S. regulations related to the environment and sustainability are expected to continue to increase and evolve and may impose upon us new or unexpected costs. The course of future and existing legislation and regulation in the U.S. and abroad remains difficult to predict, and the potential increased costs associated with national or supra-national GHG regulation and other government policies cannot be estimated at this time. 31 Table of Contents We also purchase significant amounts of electricity from generating facilities and utility companies. These facilities and utility companies are subject to executive actions, environmental laws, regulations, permit requirements and policy decisions that could be subject to material change, which could result in increases in our electricity suppliers' compliance costs that may be passed through to us in the form of higher electricity costs. Our business may be adversely affected by physical risks related to climate change and our response to it. Acute physical risks and severe weather events, such as heatwaves, droughts, flooding, wildfires and storms, pose threats to our data centers by causing physical damages, power disruptions, and rising electricity costs, which may impact our ability to operate, maintain service and attract and retain customers, thereby affecting our costs and revenues. The frequency and intensity of severe weather events are reportedly increasing as part of broader climate changes. Changes in global weather patterns may also pose long-term risks of physical impacts to our business. Interruptions in power transmission and grid constraints due to severe weather events can disrupt operations and increase costs, potentially resulting in adverse effects on our reputation or demand for our services and products. While we maintain disaster recovery and business continuity plans to allow us to recover from natural disasters or other events that can interrupt our business, we cannot be certain that our plans will work as intended to mitigate the impacts of such disasters or events. Failure to prevent impact to customers from such events could adversely affect our business. We may fail to achieve our sustainability initiatives, including reaching our climate targets, or may encounter objections to them, which may adversely affect public perception of our business and affect our relationship with our customers, regulators, our stockholders and/or other stakeholders. We face pressure from our customers, stockholders and other stakeholders, such as the communities in which we operate, who are increasingly focused on sustainability, to prioritize clean and renewable energy procurement, reduce our carbon footprint, promote resource efficiency practices and demonstrate economic benefits to society. We have established science-based climate targets, including goals of achieving 100% clean and renewable energy coverage across our global portfolio by 2030 and reaching net-zero GHG emissions across the value chain by 2040. We also plan to continue to scale our clean and renewable energy strategy and pursue opportunities to improve energy and water efficiency. As a result of these and other initiatives, we intend to make progress towards reducing our environmental impact, meeting our climate targets and ensuring that our business remains viable in a low-carbon economy. While we believe these initiatives are beneficial to our business, they may involve additional costs for conducting our business, including costs related to collecting, measuring and reporting sustainability data and information. Further, we have undertaken efforts to support availability of new clean and renewable energy development. These efforts may increase our costs of electricity above those that would be incurred through procurement of conventional electricity from existing sources or through conventional grids. Reducing our environmental footprint may also require physical or operational modifications that may be costly. These initiatives could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. There is also a risk that our climate targets will not be met. It is possible that we may fail to reach our climate targets in a timely manner or that our customers, stockholders, or other stakeholders might not be satisfied with our progress. Our customers, stockholders or other stakeholders may object to our climate targets or the way we seek to achieve them. A failure to meet climate targets, or significant controversy regarding these targets and how we achieve them, could adversely affect public perception of our business, employee morale or customer, stockholder or public support. If we do not meet our customers', stockholders' or other stakeholders' expectations regarding sustainability initiatives, or lose support 