=== MLM_2026-04-15.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A DEF 14A false 0000916076 0000916076 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000916076 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000916076 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000916076 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000916076 2025-12-31 0000916076 2024-12-31 0000916076 2023-12-31 0000916076 2022-12-31 0000916076 2021-12-31 0000916076 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000916076 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-(6)(i)(1) and 0-11 Dear Shareholders: It is my pleasure to invite you to attend Martin Marietta s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Thursday, May 14, 2026. This document provides the highlights of our key actions and important decisions in 2025, as well as information about our financial and other performance. Please review this Proxy Statement and the 2025 Annual Report for more information about these topics. World-Class Safety Achieved I am proud to report that, once again, Martin Marietta achieved world-class safety results in 2025. We had a world-class lost time incident rate (LTIR) for the ninth consecutive year (0.17 in 2025) and a world-class total injury incident rate (TIIR) for the fifth consecutive year (0.69 in 2025). Moreover, our fidelity to our Guardian Angel culture resulted in 99.8% of our over 9,500 employees experiencing ZERO lost-time incidents and 99.3% experiencing ZERO reportable incidents. These results demonstrate our steadfast commitment to safety grounded in our Guardian Angel safety culture. We have designed a roadmap for continuous safety improvement to drive meaningful and lasting progress for Martin Marietta. Safety excellence is not only central to our commitment to the health and well-being of our employees and communities; it is a proven driver of strong performance, profitability and value creation. Record Setting Financial Results In 2025, Martin Marietta continued to deliver exceptional financial results, driven by our disciplined commercial strategy and acquisition contributions. We reported $6.2 billion in revenues from continuing operations, grew aggregates gross profit by 16% to a record $1.7 billion and increased aggregates gross profit per ton by 12% to a record $8.45. We increased our quarterly dividend approximately 5% in August 2025 (the Company s tenth consecutive year of increasing the dividend), and together with share repurchases, we returned $647 million to shareholders. SOAR 2025 Execution In 2025, we successfully completed the execution of our Strategic Operating Analysis and Review (SOAR) 2025 plan, a period defined by deliberate action, disciplined capital allocation and an unwavering focus on long-term value creation. The accomplishments throughout SOAR 2025 fundamentally reshaped our portfolio and positioned Martin Marietta as a stronger, more durable and resilient enterprise. Through the disciplined execution of our strategic plan and the unwavering commitment of our teams, we continued to solidify our position as North America s premier, aggregates-led building materials company. REVENUES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS $6.2B NET EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ATTRIBUTABLE TO MARTIN MARIETTA $1.0B ADJUSTED EBITDA FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS $2.1B* In doing so, we extended our long-track record of delivering above-market returns since the launch of SOAR in 2010. Our cumulative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) since the start of SOAR 2025 on January 1, 2021 is 126% as compared with the S P 500 s TSR of 96%. These significant accomplishments demonstrate that Martin Marietta has built an increasingly resilient, efficient and cash flow generative business. Significant Portfolio Actions In 2025, we continued to strengthen and streamline our portfolio through strategic actions. A key milestone was reaching a definitive agreement for an asset exchange with Quikrete Holdings, Inc. (QUIKRETE), which subsequently closed after year-end in February. Through this transaction, Martin Marietta received aggregates operations producing approximately 20 million tons annually in Virginia, Missouri, Kansas and Vancouver, British Columbia, as well as $450 million in cash. In exchange, QUIKRETE received our Midlothian cement plant, related cement terminals, Texas ready-mixed concrete assets, and certain nonoperating land. Through the tax-efficient exchange of cyclical cement and ready-mixed concrete assets for the largest aggregates acquisition in our Company s history, we reaffirmed our disciplined approach to capital allocation and commitment to higher-value, strategically aligned assets. This portfolio-enhancing transaction established new growth platforms in key SOAR-target markets while further strengthening our differentiated Central Division footprint. In December 2025, we expanded our presence in Minnesota with the acquisition of certain aggregates and FOB asphalt assets from CRH plc. This complementary bolt-on enhances the Company s existing operations in the Twin Cities and St. Cloud markets while also adding approximately 40 million tons of aggregates reserves to our already long-lived assets. In addition, we completed the acquisition of Premier Magnesia, LLC (Premier), a privately-owned producer of magnesia-based products with operations in Nevada, North Carolina, Indiana and Pennsylvania, enhancing the Company s position as the leading producer of natural and synthetic magnesia-based products in the United States. This acquisition wholly aligns with our strategic plan to grow our highly complementary Specialties business, which possesses aggregates-like characteristics, compelling margins and core competencies closely tied to our traditional strengths in drilling, blasting, loading, hauling and crushing rock. Our active portfolio management continues to maximize the value of our business for our shareholders. Governance and Board Refreshment Martin Marietta is committed to strong corporate governance and ensuring a diverse set of skills and backgrounds on the Board of Directors. We believe our balanced mix of Board members with different backgrounds and qualifications, including tenure, brings the right blend of independence and diversity that combines experience continuity through business cycles with fresh perspective. At the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, John J. Koraleski and Sue W. Cole will retire. Mr. Koraleski and Ms. Cole have been superb and insightful members of our Board; we are extremely grateful for their steady guidance and thoughtful leadership throughout their respective Board tenures. We wish them well in retirement. We are nominating Gayla J. Delly and Martin J. Lyons, Jr. to serve on our Board. Ms. Delly is the former President and Chief Executive Officer of Benchmark Electronics, Inc., a company that provides contract manufacturing, design, engineering, test and distribution services to manufacturers of computers, medical devices, telecommunications equipment and industrial control and test instruments. Mr. Lyons is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Corporation. Your Vote Matters I urge you to promptly cast your vote. You may do so by either returning the enclosed Proxy Card or by the electronic or telephone options described in our Proxy Statement. On behalf of our Board of Directors, thank you for your investment in Martin Marietta. We look forward to continuing to deliver strong and responsible performance, innovation and growth to our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders. Sincerely, C. HOWARD NYE Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer * Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations is not a measure under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). Please see Appendix B for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures and other disclosures related to the presentation of non-GAAP measures. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT ITEM OF BUSINESS BOARD RECOMMENDATION PAGE 1 To elect the 10 directors identified in this proxy statement 24 2 To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent auditors for 2026 43 3 To vote on an advisory resolution to approve the compensation of our named executive officers 93 4 To approve the Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan 94 Any other matters that may properly come before the meeting Date of Availability: This Notice, Proxy Statement, the 2025 Annual Report, and the Proxy Card are being sent commencing on approximately April 15, 2026 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 6, 2026. Your vote is important. You may vote in person at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (Annual Meeting) or submit a proxy over the internet. If you have received a paper copy of the Proxy Card (or if you request a paper copy of the materials), you may submit a proxy by telephone or by mail. Whether or not you expect to attend the meeting, we hope you will date and sign the enclosed Proxy Card and mail it promptly in the enclosed stamped envelope. Submitting your proxy now will not prevent you from voting your shares at the meeting, because your proxy is revocable at your option. If you submit your proxy by telephone or over the internet, you do not need to return your Proxy Card by mail. Sincerely, George F. Schoen Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Raleigh, North Carolina April 15, 2026 DATE TIME Thursday, May 14, 2026 8:00 a.m. ET LOCATION 4123 Parklake Avenue Raleigh, NC 27612 (our principal executive offices) WHO CAN VOTE Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 6, 2026 How to Vote It is important that your shares be represented and voted at the Annual Meeting. We urge you to vote by using any of these methods. INTERNET www.voteproxy.com TELEPHONE 1-800-PROXIES (1-800-776-9437) in the United States or 1-201-299-4446 from outside the United States MAIL Sign, date and mail your proxy card in the envelope provided IN PERSON Attend the Annual Meeting and vote by ballot IMPORTANT NOTICE Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders: The Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Shareholders are available for review on the Internet at https://ir.martinmarietta.com/reports-filings/annual-reports-and-proxies. Table of Contents Proxy Statement Highlights 1 The Board of Directors 13 Board Effectiveness and Refreshment 13 Board Qualifications and Tenure 15 Board Refreshment Elements 16 Tenure Guidelines 16 Board, Committee and Individual Director Evaluations 17 Board Committees 18 Board Refreshment Timeline 23 PROPOSAL 1: Election of Directors 24 Director Compensation 34 Director Compensation Table 35 Beneficial Owners and Management 36 Stock Ownership 36 Corporate Governance Matters 38 Corporate Governance Philosophy 38 Corporate Governance Board Practices 39 Reasons for Combined Chair and CEO 40 PROPOSAL 2: Independent Auditors 43 Summary of Fees 43 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 44 Audit Committee Review 44 Audit Committee Report 45 Management Development and Compensation Committee Report 46 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in Compensation Decisions 47 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 48 Introduction 48 Summary of our Compensation Considerations 49 Responsiveness to Shareholders: Shareholder Engagement and Feedback on Executive Compensation Programs 49 Our 2025 Performance 50 Sustainability, Safety and the Well-Being of our Employees 51 Compensation Decisions Yielding Alignment with Performance and Enhancing our Corporate Resilience 55 Pay Decisions and Compensation Governance Practices 57 Determination of CEO Compensation 58 2025 Chair, President and CEO Compensation 59 2025 Named Executive Officers Compensation Our Compensation Strategy 59 Considerations Regarding 2025 Compensation 61 2025 Base Salary 61 2025 Annual Cash Incentive Goals and Results 62 2025 Actual Incentive Cash Earned 62 Annual Incentive Feature: Incentive Stock Plan 66 2025 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Overview 66 PSU Awards (55% of LTI Award) 67 Selection of Relative TSR 68 RSU Awards (45% of LTI Award) 68 2025-2027 Performance Goals 68 2025 Performance Goals and Metrics 69 2023-2025 PSU Award Payouts 69 Ongoing Corporate Governance Policies 70 Compensation Decision Process 70 Role of the Independent Compensation Consultant 70 Role of Peer Companies and Competitive Market Data 71 Other Compensation Program Features 73 Compensation Program Risk Assessment 73 Stock-Based Awards Generally 73 Stock Ownership Requirements 73 Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy 74 Clawback Policy 74 Our Use of Independent Compensation Consultants 75 Practice Regarding Timing of Equity Grants 75 Perquisites 76 Retirement and Other Benefits 76 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control 76 Tax and Accounting Implications 76 Executive Compensation 77 Executive Officer Compensation 77 Summary Compensation Table 77 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 78 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 80 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 81 Retirement and Other Benefits 81 Pension Benefits 83 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 84 Required Pay Disclosures 88 CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure 88 Pay Versus Performance 89 PROPOSAL 3: Advisory Vote on the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers 93 PROPOSAL 4: Approval of the Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan 94 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 101 Equity Compensation Plan Information 101 Description of the TXI Legacy Plan 101 Description of the Deferred Compensation Plan 102 Annual Meeting and Voting Information 103 Incorporation by Reference 106 Shareholders Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting 106 Appendix A: Martin Marietta Guidelines for Potential New Board Members A-1 Appendix B: Non-GAAP Measures B-1 Appendix C: Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan C-1 Shareholders Benefit from Martin Marietta s Strong 2025 Performance This summary provides highlights of selected information about Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (the Company, Martin Marietta, we or us) from this Proxy Statement. The Board of Directors is providing the Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, this Proxy Statement, the 2025 Annual Report and Proxy Card (the Proxy Materials) in connection with the Company s solicitation of proxies for the 2026 Annual Meeting (the Annual Meeting) to be held on May 14, 2026, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. This Proxy Statement is being first mailed to shareholders on April 15, 2026. This proxy summary highlights information contained elsewhere in our Proxy Statement. The summary does not contain all the information that you should consider, and we encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. 2025 Safety Financial Highlights 1 Achieved world-class total injury incident rate (TIIR) for the 5th consecutive year Southwest, West and Specialties Divisions outperformed world-class TIIR with metrics of 0.41, 0.65 and 0.81, respectively Achieved world-class LTIR for the 9th consecutive year 99.8% of employees experienced zero lost-time incidents Grew aggregates gross profit by 16% to a record $1.7 billion, or 12% to a record $8.45 on a per ton basis Expanded adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations margin by 229 basis points Generated record cash flow from operations of $1.8 billion Advanced $6.3B of portfolio-enhancing strategic transactions Delivered total shareholder return of 21% as compared to the S P 500 s 18% 1 All percentage increases and decreases in chart are comparisons to full year results for the year ended December 31, 2024. 2 Please see Appendix B for additional information regarding impacts to 2025 and 2024 net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Martin Marietta. 3 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations, Adjusted EBITDA margin for continuing operations and Consolidated Net Debt-to-Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP measures. Please see Appendix B for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures and other disclosures related to the presentation of non-GAAP measures. 4 Net Margin is defined as the ratio between Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Martin Marietta and Revenues. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 Proxy Highlights Proposals to be Voted On PROPOSAL 1 PROPOSAL 2 PROPOSAL 3 PROPOSAL 4 Election of 10 Directors The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the Directors Ratification of Independent Auditors for 2026 The Board recommends a vote FOR ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers for 2026 Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of our NEOs The Board recommends a vote FOR our Say-On-Pay proposal Approve the Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan The Board recommends a vote FOR approval of the Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan (See page 24 for more information) (See page 43 for more information) (See page 93 for more information) (See page 94 for more information) Measuring our Performance World-Class Safety We are committed to our Guardian Angel safety culture where Zero is Possible, and achieved a world-class lost-time incident rate (LTIR) for the ninth consecutive year (0.17 in 2025). With a Companywide Total Injury Incident Rate (TIIR) of 0.69, we exceeded the world-class rate of 0.90 for the fifth consecutive year. 2 Proxy Highlights Execution of SOAR 2025 For Martin Marietta, 2025 marked the successful completion of our SOAR 2025 plan. From its inception over 15 years ago, SOAR, which is reviewed and refined on a five-year cycle, has been and continues to be our disciplined framework for sustainable growth and prudent capital deployment. We have a long history of doing what we say we are going to do; SOAR 2025 was no exception. The graphic below highlights our performance against the SOAR 2025 objectives presented at our February 2021 Investor Day: Disciplined Portfolio Management Driving Continued Aggregates-Led Growth A core pillar of SOAR is disciplined, value-enhancing M A. During SOAR 2025, we advanced this strategy through targeted geographic expansion and active portfolio management, executing more than $16 billion of portfolio enhancing transactions. By redeploying capital from cement and downstream divestitures into pure-aggregates businesses, we expanded our footprint coast-to-coast, further strengthened earnings quality and enhanced our margin profile. We exit SOAR 2025 with significant capacity to continue executing our proven M A playbook in what remains a highly fragmented industry. Source: USGS and management estimates. 1 Reflects average USGS annual U.S. crushed stone and construction sand and gravel production for the period 2000 to 2024 in short tons. 2 As of 2024, approximately 1,400 companies produced crushed stone and approximately 3,400 companies produced construction sand and gravel. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Proxy Highlights Board Oversight of Risk Management All of our independent Board members are serving or have served as members of senior management of other public companies, have served as directors of other public companies, and also have experience and/or educational backgrounds that we believe qualify them to effectively assess risk. Each of our Board Committees, including our Audit, Management Development and Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees, are comprised solely of independent Directors, each with a different independent Director serving as Chair of the Committee (other than the Executive Committee, which does not meet on a regular basis). The Board has overall responsibility for oversight of risk management. The Board believes that an effective risk management system will accomplish the following goals: The Board delegates certain responsibilities to the Committees to assist in fulfilling its risk oversight responsibilities. Each of the Committees reports regularly to the full Board of Directors as to actions taken and topics discussed. In addition, the Board regularly reviews with management the most significant risks facing Martin Marietta, the probabilities of those risks occurring, the steps taken to mitigate any impact of risks, and management s general risk management strategy. This risk management approach includes consideration of risks and opportunities relating to climate change, sustainability and other ESG matters. In addition, the Board encourages management to promote a corporate culture that incorporates risk management into Martin Marietta s day-to-day operations. 4 Proxy Highlights 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Proxy Highlights Our Sustainability Governance Our Board plays an essential role in determining strategic priorities and considers sustainability issues an integral part of its business oversight. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth a flexible framework within which the Board, assisted by its Committees, directs the affairs of Martin Marietta. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Provides oversight of sustainability issues for the Company. Receives a report from each of the Committees on its work relating to sustainability matters. Engages in strategic review and risk assessments which also includes review of management s sustainability goals, our performance relating to sustainability and our engagement with investors with regard to sustainability matters. ETHICS, ENVIRONMENT, SAFETY AND HEALTH (EESH) COMMITTEE Reviews our Sustainability Report and our sustainability performance commitments and goals, including those relating to climate change, as well as capital investments and improved practices that reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) and other emissions. Reviews the input we have received from, and our engagement with, investors on climate, sustainability and other EESH matters. Monitors our safety performance, Ethics Office activity and compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, as well as our public reporting and disclosure with respect to climate change-related risks and opportunities and other environmental issues. Has the authority to investigate any matter falling within its purview. MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Reviews matters relating to human capital management (HCM), including talent acquisition and retention, diversity, inclusion, development, training and compensation matters related thereto. Reviews management s performance with regard to its sustainability goals and considers those achievements in determining incentive pay. AUDIT COMMITTEE Reviews our significant environmental matters and assesses the potential risks and liabilities they may pose to our business. FINANCE COMMITTEE Reviews large capital projects relating to sustainability and growth. Oversees our policies and practices relating to political contributions and political activities, including lobbying and/or trade associations of which we are a member, and political expenditures. Reviews and approves charitable contributions and community support budgets. 6 Proxy Highlights NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Oversees the development and implementation of a set of corporate governance principles applicable to Martin Marietta Oversees the review and implementation of best practices in corporate governance matters affecting the Board, its Committees and the Company. MANAGEMENT The Chair and CEO, as well as the executive leadership team, guides and governs corporate-wide sustainability objectives and initiatives. Our dedicated employees help drive performance of our sustainability agenda, including: Chief Ethics Officer Head of Sustainability Safety teams Environmental managers Peer-led and executive sponsored Employee Resource Groups to support engagement and belonging: Military and Veterans Community (MVC) Women Who Build (WWB) MERGE (a Multi-Cultural ERG) 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Proxy Highlights Our Board Practices Promote Sustainable Long-Term Shareholder Value Corporate Governance Highlights Our Board is accountable to our shareholders Annual election of Directors Majority voting for uncontested Director elections Proxy access right for shareholders No poison pill / shareholder rights plan Disclosure of governance processes implemented by the Board and its committees Our Board is responsive to our shareholders and is proactive to understand their perspectives Proactive, year-round engagement with shareholders Engagement topics include Board refreshment, sustainability matters, management compensation, and governance Our shareholders are entitled to voting rights in proportion to their economic interest One class of voting stock One share, one vote standard Our Board has adopted practices that enhance its effectiveness 9 of our 10 Director Nominees are independent Directors reflect a diverse mix of skills, experience and perspectives Significant Board refreshment with 10 new director nominees in the past 10 years* Robust onboarding Annual Board, committee and individual self-assessments Rotation of Board committee assignments based on experience and expertise Board access to management and employees Overboarding, anti-hedging and stock ownership policies Our Board has strong, independent leadership Independent Lead Director Annual review of Board leadership structure Independent chairs of Board committees Only one Director is a Company employee Our Board has developed a management compensation structure that is aligned with the long-term strategy of the Company Compensation programs reviewed to include short-and long-term goals tied to the long-range plan and to attract, retain, incentivize and reward excellent performance * Includes Smith W. Davis who retired in 2023 and John J. Koraleski who is retiring at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 8 Proxy Highlights Director Nominees Board Attendance In 2025, during their terms of service, all directors attended 100% of the Board meetings and all directors attended at least 75% of the committee meetings to which they were assigned. All directors then in office attended the May 2025 Annual Meeting. 100% BOARD MEETINGS ATTENDED IN 2025 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Proxy Highlights Effective Shareholder Engagement Avenues of engagement Discussion highlights We hold in-person and/or virtual meetings with investor groups across the globe Company strategy, including acquisitions and divestitures Financial and operating performance Commercial and operational excellence goals Safety, environment and sustainability Board oversight, refreshment and composition Executive compensation We conduct quarterly conference calls with analysts We engage with investors continually through meetings, calls, written correspondence, and emails We report investor feedback to the Management Development and Compensation Committee and the Board to assist in aligning pay and performance We conduct a Fall Engagement Program or Capital Markets Day each year Our Board, the Management Development and Compensation Committee, our Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and our Chief Financial Officer alongside our Investor Relations, Legal, and Sustainability teams have a robust shareholder engagement program in place. This program is active year-round and accepts requests for engagement from shareholders and proactively reaches out to initiate dialogue with our shareholders on topics that are important to the Company. The Company conducts a Fall Shareholder Engagement Program or Capital Markets Day each year. As part of the Fall Shareholder Engagement program, the shareholder engagement team described above embarks on a comprehensive engagement effort. In 2024, this team reached out to over 50 of our top shareholders, representing approximately 75% of outstanding shares, for their feedback on a variety of topics including our business, strategy, health and safety, commercial and operational excellence, sustainability initiatives and executive compensation. In September 2025, the Company held a Capital Markets Day where we welcomed over 40 existing and prospective shareholders in person while hosting many others virtually and affirmed our dedication to our Strategic Operating Analysis and Review (SOAR) framework which has been central to our transformation into a largely pure aggregates market leader and our commitment to shareholder responsiveness. We have a history of robust shareholder responsiveness. In prior years, we have made other meaningful changes to our disclosures and compensation program based on feedback from shareholders including: Adopted a formulaic program for our Short Term Incentive (STI) providing a strong link between pay and performance while reducing Management Development and Compensation Committee discretion. Disclosed Threshold and Maximum goals in addition to disclosure of targets thereby improving disclosure, providing greater comparability to peers and providing greater transparency for shareholders as to how the Company measures performance and how different levels of performance align with pay for executives. Eliminated excise tax gross-up in executive officers Employment Protection Agreements. Eliminated walk-right and value of perks in the severance calculation in executive officers Employment Protection Agreements and decided not to include these provisions in future Employment Protection Agreements. Eliminated single-trigger vesting for equity awards. Submitted responses and additional information to Climate Action 100+. Set a Net Zero GHG Emissions Ambition by 2050. Participated in CDP Climate and Water surveys . Adopted Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi) validated commitments for absolute emission reduction targets for all GHG scopes: Scope 1 2 by 63.0% by 2035 from a 2023 base year; and Scope 3 from purchased goods and services, fuel- and energy-related activities and upstream transportation and distribution by 37.5% within the same timeframe. As we noted in our submittal of these targets to the SBTi, achievement of these ambitions will depend upon the economic feasibility and timely implementation of commercial-scale carbon capture technology in the United States and related governmental policies, the availability of additional renewable energy from third party providers, and the availability of additional heavy equipment powered by alternate fuels and/or electrification supplied by OEMs such as Caterpillar and Komatsu. Submitted feedback and validation data to Sustainalytics and received updated scoring. Added a T ask Force on C limate-related F inancial D isclosures (TCFD) Alignment Index and a Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index to our Sustainability Report. Added a Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) Alignment Index to our Sustainability website. 10 Proxy Highlights Proactively Engaging and Responding to Shareholders SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND GOVERNANCE Our Commitment to Our People and Pay-for-Performance In 2025, we continued to increase the visibility and attractiveness of Martin Marietta as an employer of choice: Launched Workday HCM and Payroll modules, empowering team members with anytime, anywhere access to their personal data through a single platform and delivering an enhanced pay slip design to improve employee understanding. Introduced an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) to empower team members to invest in Martin Marietta, fostering ownership and reinforcing alignment with our mission, vision, and values. Introduced benefits enhancements under the Choose Well initiative to promote and strengthen employee well-being; launched an enhanced Employee Assistance Program (EAP) through Lyra Health; and redesigned the benefits guide for improved readability and alignment with Choose Well branding. Continued to evolve and grow Martin Marietta s employee resource groups: Military and Veterans Community (MVC) Women Who Build (WWB) MERGE (a Multi-Cultural ERG) ERGs are open to all employees regardless of their background, and each group determines its own professional development, networking and community engagement activities 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Proxy Highlights Our Compensation Approach and Highlights A substantial portion of compensation paid to our named executive officers (NEOs) is variable and performance-based. We use the 50th percentile of our peer group as a reference point when determining target compensation, but target pay is set based on a variety of factors and actual pay realized by our NEOs is dependent on our financial, operational and other related performance. Based on our performance in 2025, variable compensation payable under both our short-term and long-term incentive plans exceeded the target amounts established for each NEO, which is consistent with our pay-for-performance philosophy. All compensation paid to our CEO and other NEOs for 2025 was performance-based other than base salary; approximately 91% of our CEO s compensation was performance-based and 81% of our other NEOs actual compensation was performance based.* * Based on grant date value of Performance Share Units (PSUs) and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs). Excludes James A. J. Nickolas and Bradley D. Kohn who were not entitled to an annual cash incentive compensation payments for 2025 as a result of their departures in April 2025 and February 2026, respectively. 12 The Board of Directors The Board is composed of ten Directors, nine of whom are non-employee Directors. Under our Bylaws, nominations of persons for election to the Board at an Annual Meeting of Shareholders may be made by the Board and by any shareholder who complies with the notice procedures set forth in the Bylaws. As described in the Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting, for a nomination to be properly made by a shareholder for the 2026 Annual Meeting, the shareholder s notice must have been sent to, and received by, our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices between January 15, 2026 and February 14, 2026. No such notice was received during this period. The Bylaws of the Company provide that a Director will retire at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders following the Director s 75th birthday. Two of our current Directors, John J. Koraleski and Sue W. Cole, reached this mandatory retirement age this year and will not stand for election at the Annual Meeting for a new term. Mr. Koraleski and Ms. Cole have stated that they each intend to serve as a Director through the commencement of the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, after which they will retire from the Board. The Board extends its sincere appreciation to Mr. Koraleski and Ms. Cole for their years of service and thoughtful Board leadership. Both Mr. Koraleski and Ms. Cole gave generously of their time and consistently provided the Board with independent insight, perspective and advice, which have been invaluable to the Board and to Martin Marietta. The Board has nominated ten individuals to stand for election by shareholders at the 2026 Annual Meeting, including Gayla J. Delly and Martin J. Lyons, Jr. to fill the vacancies resulting from Mr. Koraleski s and Ms. Cole s retirements. Each of the other eight nominees is currently serving as a Director. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee from time to time retains a search firm to help identify prospective directors, perform candidate outreach, assist in reference checks, and provide other related services. The recruiting process typically involves either the Chair, President and CEO, the search firm or a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee contacting a prospect to gauge their interest and availability. A candidate will then meet with several members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and sometimes the Board. At the same time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the search firm will contact references for the prospect. A background check is completed before a final recommendation is made to the Board to appoint a candidate to the Board. Ms. Delly and Mr. Lyons were initially identified by the Chair of the Board, President and CEO and each was recommended as a Director nominee by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Board has nominated ten persons for election as Directors to serve a one-year term expiring at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders in 2027. Unless otherwise directed, proxies will be voted in favor of these nominees. Each nominee has agreed to serve if elected. Should any nominee become unable to serve as a Director, the persons named in the enclosed form of proxy will, unless otherwise directed, vote for the election of such other person for such position as the present Board may recommend in place of such nominee. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named. Should any of the listed nominees be unavailable for election by reason of death or other unexpected occurrence, the proxy, to the extent permitted by applicable law, may be voted with discretionary authority in connection with the nomination by the Board and the election of any substitute nominee. Board Effectiveness and Refreshment Board composition is one of the most critical areas of focus for the Board of Directors. Having the right mix of people who bring diverse perspectives, business and professional experiences, and skills provides a foundation for robust dialogue, informed advice and collaboration in the boardroom. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee develops criteria for open Board positions, taking into account a variety of factors, which may include current Board member skills, composition, age, tenure, the range of talents and experience that would best complement those already represented on the Board, the need for specialized expertise, and anticipated retirements to define gaps that may need to be filled through the Board refreshment process. The Board strives to ensure an environment that encourages diverse critical thinking and values innovative, strategic discussions to achieve a higher level of success for the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee screens and recommends candidates for nomination by the full Board. It uses a variety of methods to help identify potential Board candidates with the desired skills and background needed for the Company s business, including from time-to-time informal networks, third-party search firms and other channels. When the Committee is assisted from time to time with its recruitment efforts by an outside search firm, the firm recommends candidates that satisfy the criteria defined by the Board and provides background research and pertinent information regarding prospective candidates. Once the Committee has identified a prospective nominee, it makes an initial determination as to whether to conduct a full evaluation. In making this determination, the Committee takes into account various information, including information provided at the time of the 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 The Board of Directors candidate recommendation, the Committee s own knowledge, and information obtained through inquiries to third parties to the extent the Committee deems appropriate. The preliminary determination is based primarily on whether there is a need for additional Board members and the likelihood that the prospective nominee can satisfy the criteria that the Committee has established. If the Committee determines, in consultation with the Chair of the Board, President and CEO and other Directors as appropriate, that additional consideration is warranted, it may request management or a third-party search firm to gather additional information about the prospective nominee s background and experience and to report its findings to the Committee. The Committee then evaluates the prospective nominee against the specific criteria that it has established for the position, as well as the standards and qualifications set out in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines , including: the ability of the prospective nominee to represent the interests of the shareholders of the Company; the prospective nominee s standards of integrity, commitment and independence of thought and judgment; the prospective nominee s ability to dedicate sufficient time, energy and attention to the diligent performance of their duties, including the prospective nominee s service on other public company boards, as specifically set out in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines ; and the extent to which the prospective nominee contributes to the range of talent, skill, expertise and perspective appropriate for the Board with respect to the Company s shareholders, employees, customers and the communities in which the Company operates. If the Committee decides, on the basis of its preliminary review, to proceed with further consideration, members of the Committee, the Chair of the Board, President and CEO, as well as other members of the Board as appropriate, interview the nominee. After completing this evaluation and interview, the Committee makes a recommendation to the full Board, which makes the final determination whether to nominate or appoint the new Director after considering the Committee s report. A background check is completed before a final recommendation is made to the Board to appoint a candidate to the Board. In selecting nominees for the Board, the Board seeks to achieve a mix of members who together bring experience and personal backgrounds relevant to the Company s strategic priorities and the scope and complexity of the Company s business. The Board also seeks a demonstrated ability to manage complex issues that involve a balance of risk and reward. The background information on current nominees beginning on page 24 and the skills matrix on page 15 set out how each of the current nominees contributes to the mix of experience and qualifications the Board seeks. In making its recommendations with respect to the nomination for re-election of existing Directors at the Annual Meeting, the Committee assesses the composition of the Board at the time and considers the extent to which the Board continues to reflect the criteria set forth above. 14 The Board of Directors Board Qualifications and Tenure The following sets forth certain information for each nominee for election regarding age, tenure and skills. DEMOGRAPHICS AND BACKGROUND Age 68 66 54 59 63 63 72 66 64 66 Tenure 7 N/A 5 N/A 1 16 21 6 9 5 Qualification Experience Corporate Governance/Legal Ensures background and knowledge necessary to provide effective oversight and governance Current or Former CEO of Public Company Strong leadership skills and critical experience with demands and challenges of managing a large public organization Financial or Accounting Enables in-depth analysis of our financial statements, capital structure, financial transactions, and financial reporting process Government Relations/Regulatory/Sustainability Critical for understanding complex regulatory and governmental environment that impacts our business and our strategic goals relating to sustainability Logistics/Operations Necessary in overseeing a sustainable company that relies heavily on logistics Other Public Boards Adds perspective important to shareholders and public company governance Risk Management Facilitates understanding of the risks facing the Company and appropriate process and procedures for managing them Strategy/M A Supports setting of long-term corporate vision, disciplined strategic development and integration to facilitate the Company s growth Technology Facilitates business objectives and security of the Company s proprietary and confidential data The Board has implemented a number of processes to assist it in refreshing the Board in an appropriate manner that helps create shareholder value. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 The Board of Directors Board Refreshment Elements REVIEW OF BOARD CANDIDATES The Board seeks candidates who, at a minimum, possess the background, skills, expertise and time to make a significant contribution to the Board, the Company and its shareholders. The Corporate Governance Guidelines list criteria against which candidates may be assessed. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers, among other things: input from the Board s self-assessment process to prioritize areas of expertise that were identified; investor feedback and perceptions; the candidates skills and competencies to ensure they are aligned with the Company s future strategic challenges and opportunities; and the needs of the Board in light of recent and anticipated Board vacancies. During the process of identifying and selecting director nominees, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee screens and recommends candidates for nomination by the full Board. The Bylaws provide that the size of the Board may range from 9 to 11 members. Director candidates also may be identified by shareholders and will be evaluated under the same criteria applied to other director nominees and considered by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Information on the process and requirements for shareholder nominees may be found in our Bylaws on the Company s website at https://ir.martinmarietta.com/corporate-governance/ governance-documents-and-charters. COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS Each February, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the membership, tenure, leadership and commitments of each of the Committees and considers possible changes given the qualifications and skill sets of members on the Board or a desire for committee rotation or refreshment. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also takes into consideration the membership requirements and responsibilities set forth in each of the respective Committee charters and the Corporate Governance Guidelines as well as any upcoming vacancies on the Board due to our mandatory retirement age. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommends to the Board any proposed changes to Committee assignments and leadership to be made effective at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also reviews the operation of the Board generally. REFRESHMENT The Board has nominated ten new directors in the past ten years. At the same time, obtaining a detailed understanding of the Company s business takes time. We believe that implementing term limitations may prevent the Board from benefitting from the insight that longer tenure brings. ANNUAL PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT The Board conducts a self-assessment of its performance and effectiveness as well as that of its Committees on an annual basis. The self-assessment helps the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee track progress in certain areas targeted for improvement from year-to-year and to identify ways to enhance the Board s and its Committees effectiveness. For 2025, each director completed a written assessment questionnaire. The questions were open-ended to solicit candid feedback. The collective ratings and comments are compiled and summarized and then discussed by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the full Board. ONBOARDING AND EDUCATION New directors are provided with an orientation about the Company, including our business operations, strategy and governance. Directors also are provided continuing education by subject matter experts and/or continuing education programs sponsored by educational and other institutions to assist them in staying abreast of developments in corporate governance and critical issues relating to the operation of public company boards. Members of our senior management regularly review with the Board the operating plan of each of our business segments and the Company as a whole. The Board also conducts periodic visits to our facilities as part of its regularly scheduled Board meetings. TENURE GUIDELINES Mandatory Retirement Age: Directors must retire at the annual meeting following their 75th birthday. Employment Change: Directors must report to the Chair of the Board and Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regarding any significant change in principal employment or responsibilities to assure they can continue to commit the appropriate time to Board service. 16 The Board of Directors Board, Committee and Individual Director Evaluations As a part of our continuous improvement process intended to enhance the Board s overall effectiveness, the Board regularly evaluates its performance through self-assessments, corporate governance reviews and periodic charter reviews. Those evaluations, changes in our business strategy or operating environment, and the future needs of the Board in light of anticipated director retirements or vacancies are used to identify desired backgrounds and skill sets for future Board members. The feedback solicited from Board members regarding the Board, each Committee on which they serve, and individual Board members is one of the tools used to assist the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in its responsibility to evaluate Board and Committee performance annually. Board, Committee and Individual Performance Assessments 1 QUESTIONNAIRE The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Committee) reviews the director and officer questionnaire and performance assessment process to determine if they are effective and whether any changes are appropriate. Each Director annually completes a questionnaire assessing the Board, Committees on which they serve, and each Director for review by the Chair of the Committee. 2 ONE-ON-ONE DISCUSSIONS The Chair of the Committee follows up with each Director who submits comments, suggestions or other feedback for a candid discussion. 3 CLOSED SESSION The Chair of the Committee discusses the results and feedback on an unattributed basis with the Committee. 4 BOARD SUMMARY The results are discussed with a session of each of the independent Board members, with the Chair of the Board, and with each Committee Chair. 5 FEEDBACK Policies and practices are updated as appropriate as a result of the feedback. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 The Board of Directors Board Committees Martin Marietta s Board of Directors has six standing Committees: Audit; Ethics, Environment, Safety and Health; Executive; Finance; Management Development and Compensation; and Nominating and Corporate Governance. Each Committee has a written charter that describes its purposes, membership, meeting structure, authority and responsibilities. These charters are reviewed by the respective Committee on an annual basis with any recommended changes adopted upon approval by our Board. Our six standing Committee charters are posted on our website. Below is a summary of our current Committee structure and membership information. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AUDIT COMMITTEE ETHICS, ENVIRONMENT, SAFETY AND HEALTH COMMITTEE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE FINANCE COMMITTEE MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Dorothy M. Ables Financial Expert Yes Chair Sue W. Cole Yes Anthony R. Foxx Yes Chair John J. Koraleski Lead Independent Director Financial Expert Yes Chair C. Howard Nye* Chair Mary T. Mack Yes Laree E. Perez Financial Expert Yes Thomas H. Pike Yes Donald W. Slager Yes Chair David C. Wajsgras Financial Expert Yes Chair * Mr. Nye is the only member of management on the Board. The Executive Committee held no meetings during 2025. It has the authority to act during the intervals between the meetings of the Board of Directors and may exercise the powers of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of Martin Marietta as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, except to the extent such powers are reserved to the full Board by statute, by our Articles of Incorporation, or by our Bylaws. The Executive Committee s current members are Directors Nye (Chair), Koraleski and Slager. 18 The Board of Directors The primary responsibilities, membership and meeting information for our other standing Committees are summarized below Audit Committee Current Members: David C. Wajsgras (Chair) Dorothy M. Ables John J. Koraleski Laree E. Perez Primary Responsibilities: Reviews our significant accounting principles, policies and practices in reporting our financial results under generally accepted accounting principles. Reviews our annual audited financial statements and related disclosures. Reviews management letters or internal control reports and reviews our system of internal control over financial reporting. Appoints, retains and oversees the work of the independent auditors. Reviews the effectiveness of the independent audit effort. Pre-approves audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. Reviews our interim financial results for each fiscal quarter. Reviews the qualifications and the plan and scope of work of the corporate internal audit function. Reviews and discusses the reports of our internal audit group. Reviews and discusses management s assessment of the effectiveness of Martin Marietta s system of internal control over financial reporting. Discusses Martin Marietta s earnings press releases, as well as financial information and earnings guidance provided to analysts, investors and rating agencies. Discusses matters related to risk assessment and risk management and how the process is handled by management. Reviews and oversees related party transactions. Reviews complaints regarding accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. Reviews and discusses reports from the Chief Information Officer regarding technology and information security risks, including cybersecurity. Considers allegations of possible financial fraud or other financial improprieties. Reviews annually the adequacy of the Committee charter and recommends proposed changes to the Board. Prepares the annual Audit Committee Report to be included in the Proxy Statement. Other Governance Matters: All members of the Audit Committee, including the Chair, are audit committee financial experts under applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations. The Chair of the Audit Committee is an independent Director. The Chair of the Audit Committee has experience serving as a Chair and member of other public company audit committees. All members satisfy the audit committee experience and independence standards required by the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Meetings in 2025 4 Average Attendance in 2025: 100% 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 The Board of Directors Ethics, Environment, Safety and Health Committee Current Members: Dorothy M. Ables (Chair) Sue W. Cole Anthony R. Foxx Primary Responsibilities: Monitors compliance with our Code of Ethical Business Conduct and reviews all matters presented to it by the Corporate Ethics Officer concerning the ethical practices of Martin Marietta and its Directors, officers, and employees, including conflicts or potential conflicts of interest between Martin Marietta and any of its Directors, officers, and employees. Reviews and discusses our sustainability efforts, goals and risks, and our annual Sustainability Report. Reviews and monitors the adequacy of our policies and procedures and organizational structure for ensuring compliance with environmental laws and regulations. Reviews matters relating to our health and safety programs and performance. Reviews annually the adequacy of the Committee charter and recommends proposed changes to the Board. Oversees environmental performance, initiatives and results, including annual and long-term targets and commitments. Reviews the Company s strategy, programs, initiatives and performance with respect to climate change and other sustainability matters. Meetings in 2025 4 Average Attendance in 2025: 92% Finance Committee Current Members: Anthony R. Foxx (Chair) Laree E. Perez Thomas H. Pike Primary Responsibilities: Provides general oversight relating to the management of our financial affairs. Reviews and approves establishment of lines of credit or other short-term borrowing arrangements and investing excess working capital funds on a short-term basis. Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board concerning changes to capital structure, including the incurrence of long-term debt, issuance of equity securities, share repurchases, and the payment of dividends, as well as capital expenditures. Reviews annually the adequacy of the Committee charter and recommends proposed changes to the Board. Oversees our policies and practices on political contributions, including those contained in our Code of Ethical Business Conduct , and reviews our political activities, including lobbying and/or through trade associations of which we are a member, and expenditures, and ensure that any such activities are consistent with and serve to promote our business strategy and goals. Reviews and approves charitable contributions and community support budgets. Meetings in 2024 5 Average Attendance in 2025: 100% 20 The Board of Directors Management Development and Compensation Committee Current Members: John J. Koraleski (Chair) Mary T. Mack Donald W. Slager David C. Wajsgras Primary Responsibilities: Establishes an overall strategy with respect to compensation for officers and management to enable Martin Marietta to attract and retain qualified employees. Reviews and oversees executive succession and management development plans. Reviews and approves management s assessment of the performance of executive officers, and reviews and approves the salary, incentive compensation, and other compensation of such officers. Approves and administers our equity and other plans relating to compensation of Martin Marietta s directors and executive officers. Reviews and discusses the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and produces a compensation committee report as required by the SEC to be included in this Proxy Statement. Provides oversight of our Benefit Plan Committee, which administers Martin Marietta s defined benefit and contribution plans. Reviews and approves the goals and objectives for the CEO s compensation, evaluates the CEO s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and determines and approves the CEO s compensation. Makes recommendations to the Board on changes in the compensation of non-employee directors. Reviews annually the adequacy of the Committee charter and recommends proposed changes to the Board. Has the authority, in its sole discretion, to retain, pay, and terminate any consulting firm, if any, used to assist in evaluating director, CEO, or senior executive compensation. Reviews matters relating to human capital management (HCM) including talent acquisition and retention, diversity, inclusion, engagement, development, training and compensation related thereto. Other Governance Matters: All members are non-employee, independent Directors as required by the rules of the NYSE, the Martin Marietta Guidelines for Director s Independence , applicable rules of the SEC, and the Committee s charter. Meetings in 2025 4 Average Attendance in 2025: 100% 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 The Board of Directors Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Current Members: Donald W. Slager (Chair) Sue W. Cole Mary T. Mack Thomas H. Pike Primary Responsibilities: Develops criteria for nominating and appointing directors, including Board size and composition, corporate governance policies, and individual director expertise, attributes and skills. Recommends to the Board the individuals to be nominated as directors. Recommends to the Board the appointees to be selected for service on the Board Committees. Oversees an annual review of the performance of the Board and each Committee. Reviews annually the adequacy of the Committee charter and recommends proposed changes to the Board. Oversees the development and implementation of a set of corporate governance principles applicable to Martin Marietta. Other Governance Matters: All members are non-employee, independent Directors as required by the rules of the NYSE. Upon recommendation of this Committee, the Board of Directors has adopted a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines for Martin Marietta. The Guidelines are posted and available for public viewing on our website at https://ir.martinmarietta.com/corporate-governance. A copy may also be obtained upon request from Martin Marietta s Corporate Secretary. Meetings in 2025 3 Average Attendance in 2025: 100% 22 The Board of Directors 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 The following sets forth the age, experience, key attributes and other biographical information for each nominee for election as a director for a one-year term until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Ables joined the Martin Marietta Board in November 2018. Ms. Ables held a number of executive positions with Spectra Energy and predecessor companies, including serving as the Chief Administrative Officer of Spectra Energy Corp. where she was responsible for human resources, information technology, support services, community relations and audit services. Prior to that, she served as Vice President of Audit Services and Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer for Spectra Energy, Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer for Duke Energy Corporation, an American electric power holding company, and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Duke Energy Gas Transmission. Spectra Energy was a Fortune 500 Company and one of North America s leading pipeline and midstream companies prior to its acquisition by Enbridge Inc. (NYSE: ENB) in 2017. Ms. Ables started her career in the audit department of Peat, Marwick, Mitchell Co. Ms. Ables serves on the Board of Directors, and as Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Environment, Health Safety Committee and former member of the Governance and Social Responsibility committee of Coterra Energy (NYSE: CTRA), an independent oil and gas company, which is the result of the merger of Cabot Oil Gas Corporation (NYSE: COG) and Cimerex Energy Co. in October 2021. Ms. Ables served as an Independent Director of Cabot, an independent oil and gas company, where she was Chair of the Audit Committee from 2019 to 2021 and a member of the Audit and Compensation Committees from 2015 to 2021. She served as a Director of Spectra Energy Partners, an affiliate of Spectra Energy Corp., from 2013 to 2017. Ms. Ables attended the University of Texas at Austin where she earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting. KEY ATTRIBUTES EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: More than eight years of C-Suite experience Financial expertise acquired through serving as CFO of Duke Energy Gas Transmission and as Vice President of Audit Services and Chief Compliance Officer of Spectra Energy Corp. and Duke Energy Corporation Valuable business leadership in human resources, information technology, community relations, finance and financial statements Strong leadership skills and familiarity with Texas, an important state for the Company COMMITTEES: Ethics, Environment, Safety Health Committee (Chair) Audit Committee 24 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Delly is the former Chief Executive Officer of Benchmark Electronics, Inc., a solutions provider for high-technology OEM customers (NYSE: BHE), from 2012 until her retirement in 2016. She previously held several senior leadership roles at Benchmark, including President from 2006 to 2011, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2001 to 2006, and Corporate Controller and Treasurer from 1995 to 2001. Prior to joining Benchmark, Ms. Delly was a senior Audit Manager at KPMG. She is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor s degree in accounting from Samford University. Ms. Delly currently serves on the board of directors of Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ: AVGO) and Flowserve Corporation (NYSE: FLS) and previously served on the board of directors of National Instruments Corporation, until its acquisition in 2023. KEY ATTRIBUTES EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: Deep financial leadership and capital markets credibility Seasoned public-company director with long-tenured governance experience across multiple NYSE/Nasdaq issuers Audit committee and risk oversight experience Strong leadership skills across technology and industrial end markets COMMITTEES: To be determined after election to the Board of Directors. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Foxx served from October 2018 to January 2022 as Chief Policy Officer and advisor to the President and Chief Executive Officer of Lyft, Inc. Prior to joining Lyft, he served as the seventeenth United States Secretary of Transportation from 2013 to 2017, where he led an agency with more than 55,000 employees and a $70 billion budget, whose primary goal was to ensure that America maintains the world s safest, most efficient transportation system. Previously, Mr. Foxx served as the Mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina, from 2009 to 2013. Since January 2021, Mr. Foxx also serves as an independent director and member of the Audit Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee of CDW Corporation (NASDAQ: CDW), a leading multi-brand technology solutions provider to business, government, education, and healthcare customers, and since May 2021, Mr. Foxx has served as an independent director for NXP Semiconductors (Nasdaq: NXPI), a world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications. Mr. Foxx earned his Bachelor s degree at Davidson College and his Juris Doctor degree at New York University Law School. KEY ATTRIBUTES EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: Extensive experience in legal, compliance and corporate governance Brings valuable experience from his elected position as Mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina and as United States Secretary of Transportation relating to leadership, finance matters, corporate governance, legal, governmental and regulatory issues, safety, health and environmental matters Brings additional perspective to the Board on diversity and corporate citizenship COMMITTEES: Finance Committee Ethics, Environment, Safety Health Committee 26 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Lyons has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Ameren Corporation (NYSE: AEE) since January 2022 and was elected Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer in November 2023. He joined Ameren in 2001 as Controller of Ameren and certain of its subsidiaries and was elected Vice President of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries in 2003. In 2007, Mr. Lyons was elected Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer, and in 2008, he was elected Senior Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer of Ameren and its subsidiaries. In 2009, he was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, while remaining Principal Accounting Officer of the Company and its subsidiaries. In 2013, Mr. Lyons was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and its subsidiaries and relinquished his duties as Principal Accounting Officer. In 2016, he was also elected Chairman and President of Ameren Services, In December 2019, Mr. Lyons was elected Chairman and President of Ameren Missouri. Mr. Lyons earned his Bachelor s degree in Business Administration from St. Louis University and his Master s degree in Business Administration from Washington University. KEY ATTRIBUTES EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: Brings deep accounting and financial expertise from a career foundation in accounting and financial leadership Capital allocation, capital markets, and enterprise risk management oversight Operational leadership in regulated utility environments and stakeholder engagement Brings strategic insight on capital allocation, operational performance, customer outcomes and safety COMMITTEES: To be determined after election to the Board of Directors. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Mack is the retired Chief Executive Officer of Consumer and Small Business Banking (CSBB) for Wells Fargo Company, a leading financial services company (NYSE: WFC). In her role leading CSBB, Ms. Mack oversaw Branch Banking, Small Business Banking, Chief Administrative Office, CSBB Marketing, Consumer Data and Engagement Platforms, Strategy and Innovation, Deposit Products, Diverse Customer Segments, Physical Distribution Strategies, and the Affluent Customer Segment. She also had accountability for CSBB Operations and CSBB Control Management functions. Ms. Mack began her banking career with First Union, a predecessor of Wells Fargo, in 1984 and during her time with Wells Fargo held numerous leadership positions, including CEO and president of Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC, one of the nation s largest full-service retail brokerage organizations. Ms. Mack is an Independent Director of Barclays PLC, a diversified bank with comprehensive UK consumer, corporate and wealth and private banking franchises, a leading investment bank and a strong, specialist US consumer bank. Ms. Mack is a graduate of Davidson College with a Bachelor s degree in International Political Economy and serves on the college s board of trustees. She is a board member of Habitat for Humanity International. KEY ATTRIBUTES EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: Significant brokerage / advisory, banking, finance and corporate and investment banking experience Insight into financial affairs, including corporate borrowings, capitalization, and liquidity Expertise with respect to financial statements, corporate finance, accounting and capital markets, mergers and acquisitions, and strategic analysis Deep understanding of financial management, risk management and corporate governance COMMITTEES: Management Development Compensation Committee Nominating Corporate Governance Committee 28 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Nye has served as Chair of the Board of Martin Marietta since 2014, as President since 2006 and as Chief Executive Officer and a Director since 2010. Mr. Nye previously served as Chief Operating Officer from 2006 to 2009. Prior to joining Martin Marietta in 2006, Mr. Nye spent nearly 13 years in a series of increasingly responsible positions with Hanson PLC, an international building materials company. In addition to his educational, professional, executive and related roles, Mr. Nye is a past Chairman of the Board of each of the National Stone, Sand Gravel Association (NSSGA), the American Road Transportation Builders Association (ARTBA), and the North Carolina Chamber. Mr. Nye is also a member of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee of the United States Chamber of Commerce, the world s largest business organization. Since 2018, Mr. Nye has been a member of the Board of Directors of General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE: GD), a global aerospace and defense company. Mr. Nye has been recognized by Forbes magazine as one of America s Most Innovative Leaders; he was previously recognized by both Aggregates Manager and Pit Quarry magazines, as Aggman of the Year and a Hall of Fame inductee, respectively. Mr. Nye has also served on numerous other state, local and/or philanthropic organizations including the boards of directors of the University of North Carolina Health System and the Research Triangle Foundation, as well as the Board of Governors of the Research Triangle Institute. He also served as Co-Chair of the NC FIRST Commission (evaluating North Carolina s current and future transportation investment needs). Mr. Nye received a Bachelor s degree from Duke University and a Juris Doctor degree from Wake Forest University. KEY ATTRIBUTES EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: Extensive knowledge of the building materials industry Extensive leadership, business, operating, marketing, mergers and acquisitions, legal, customer-relations, and safety and environmental experience Understands the competitive nature of the business and has strong management skills, broad executive experience, and corporate governance expertise Broad strategic vision for the future growth of Martin Marietta COMMITTEES: Executive Committee (Chair) 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Ms. Perez is an investment consultant with DeRoy Devereaux, an independent investment adviser, where she has provided client consulting services since 2015. She was previously Owner and Managing Partner of The Medallion Company, LLC, a consulting firm, from 2003 to 2015. Ms. Perez was previously a Director of GenOn Energy, Inc. (NYSE: GEN), one of the largest power producers in the United States, from 2002 to 2012, and served as the Chairman of the Audit Committee of GenOn Energy, Inc. from 2002 to 2007 and a member of its Audit and Risk and Finance Oversight Committees from 2008 to 2012. Previously, she was Vice President of Loomis, Sayles Company, L.P. and co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of Medallion Investment Company, Inc. In addition to civic and charitable organizations, Ms. Perez served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Regents at Baylor University and previously served on the Board of Trustees of New Mexico State University, where she was also Chairman of the Board. Ms. Perez earned a Bachelor s degree from Baylor University in Finance and Economics. KEY ATTRIBUTES EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: Significant business, financial and private investment experience Significant expertise with respect to financial statements, corporate finance, accounting and capital markets, mergers and acquisitions, and strategic analysis Insight into auditing best practices Familiarity with the southwestern United States COMMITTEES: Audit Committee Finance Committee 30 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Pike joined the Martin Marietta Board in July 2019. Until his retirement in May 2025, Mr. Pike served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Fortrea (Nasdaq: FTRE). Mr. Pike joined Fortrea as President and Chief Executive Officer in January 2023 during its spinoff from its parent company Labcorp (NYSE: LH). Mr. Pike has more than 30 years of leadership experience in global services, most notably in the pharmaceutical industry. Previously, Mr. Pike served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Quintiles Transnational Holdings, Inc. (Quintiles) from April 2012 until its merger with IMS Health in December 2016 to create IQVIA (NYSE:IQV). Mr. Pike led Quintiles through a successful public offering and helped it grow into a Fortune 500 company. Prior to Quintiles, Mr. Pike spent 22 years at Accenture (NYSE: ACN), a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations, until December 2009. At Accenture, Mr. Pike s roles included serving as Chief Risk Officer and Managing Director of the North America Health and Products business areas. He previously served as the global Chief Operating Officer for Accenture s Resources operating group and had also served as Accenture s Chief Strategy Officer. After leaving Accenture in 2009 and until joining Quintiles in 2012, Mr. Pike was involved with a number of start-ups in the technology and healthcare sectors. Early in his career Mr. Pike was a consultant with McKinsey Company. Mr. Pike earned his Bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Delaware. KEY ATTRIBUTES EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: More than 15 years of C-Suite experience Broad strategic and financial experience Extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, integration, and strategic development and analysis Significant mentorship, business and operating experience in a public company Valuable knowledge of financial system management, public company accounting, disclosure requirements and financial markets COMMITTEES: Finance Committee Nominating Corporate Governance Committee 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Slager was President and Chief Executive Officer of Republic Services, Inc. (Republic) (NYSE: RSG), a service provider in the non-hazardous solid waste industry, holding this position from 2011 through his retirement in 2021. Prior to this, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Republic from December 2008 until his promotion to CEO. Prior to that, Mr. Slager served in the same capacity for Allied Waste Industries, Inc. (Allied Waste) from 2005 to 2008, prior to its merger with Republic. Mr. Slager was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Allied Waste between 2003 and 2004. Prior to that, Mr. Slager held varying positions of increasing responsibility with Allied Waste. Mr. Slager also served as a Director of Republic from 2010 until 2021. Mr. Slager serves as an Independent Director and as a member of the Audit Committee, Finance Committee and Environmental, Safety Sustainability Committee at Eastman Chemical Company (NYSE: EMN), a global specialty materials company that produces a broad range of products found in items people use every day. Mr. Slager previously served as an Independent Director of UTi Worldwide Inc. (UTi) from 2009 to January 2016, where he served as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and as a member of both the Compensation and Risk Committees. UTi, a former NYSE listed company, was an international, non-asset-based supply chain services and solutions company providing air and ocean freight forwarding and other supply chain management services. Mr. Slager also serves as a director on the Board for the Phoenix Children s Hospital. Mr. Slager will become the Lead Independent Director upon the retirement of Mr. Koraleski at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. KEY ATTRIBUTES EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: More than 16 years of C-Suite experience More than 29 years of general management experience in a complex, capital intensive and logistics business Extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, integration, and strategic development and analysis Valuable experience from his membership on the boards of directors of two publicly-traded companies COMMITTEES: Nominating Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) Management Development Compensation Committee Executive Committee 32 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS: Mr. Wajsgras is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Everfox, a leading global cybersecurity company. From April 2022 until July 2025, Mr. Wajsgras served as Chief Executive Officer of Intelsat, operator of the world s first globalized network and leader in integrated satellite communications, leading it through its merger with SES to create a multi-orbit global satellite operator. He previously served from March 2015 to April 2020 as president of the Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS) business of the former Raytheon Company, now part of Raytheon Technologies (RTX). Raytheon is a major U.S. defense contractor and industrial corporation. IIS provides a full range of technical and professional services to intelligence, defense, federal and commercial customers worldwide. The business specializes in global intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; navigation; Department of Defense space and weather solutions; cybersecurity; analytics; training; logistics; mission support; engineering; automation and sustainment solutions; and international and domestic Air Traffic Management systems. Prior to this role, he was senior vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) of Raytheon from March 2006 to March 2015. Mr. Wajsgras is also an Independent Director and a member of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee at Parsons Corporation (NYSE: PSN), a digitally enabled solutions provider focused on the defense, intelligence, and critical infrastructure markets, and an Independent Director at Wesco International, Inc., a leading provider of business-to-business distribution, logistics services, and supply chain solutions. He was named Federal Computer Week s prestigious Industry Eagle Award winner in 2018 for his pivotal role in the U.S. government Information Technology community. In 2012, Mr. Wajsgras was named one of the Wall Street Journal s 25 Best CFOs among the larger companies in the Standard Poor s 500 Index. Mr. Wajsgras earned his Bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Maryland. He has a Master s in Business Administration from American University. KEY ATTRIBUTES EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: Extensive financial and operating experience Knowledge of corporate finance, strategic planning and risk management processes Experience as a public company CFO, as well as expansive knowledge of accounting principles and practices, auditing, internal control over financial reporting, and risk management processes Expertise in cybersecurity products and services COMMITTEES: Audit Committee (Chair) Management Development Compensation Committee The Board Unanimously Recommends a Vote FOR all Nominees for Election to the Board of Directors on this Proposal 1 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Director Compensation Martin Marietta uses a combination of cash and stock-based compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on the Board of Directors. In setting Director compensation, Martin Marietta considers the significant amount of time that Directors expend in fulfilling their duties to Martin Marietta as well as the skill level required by Martin Marietta of members of the Board. The Board determines reasonable compensation for Directors upon recommendation of the Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Board, which retains an independent compensation consultant to assist it in making each recommendation. Cash Compensation Paid to Non-Employee Board Members The cash-based elements of annual Director compensation for fiscal year 2025 paid in quarterly installments, measured from the end of the month during which the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders was held, were as follows. CASH COMPONENT AMOUNT Annual Board Cash retainer $ 125,000 Annual Audit Committee chair retainer 1 $ 20,000 Annual Management Development and Compensation Committee chair retainer 2 $ 20,000 Annual Finance Committee chair retainer 2 $ 15,000 Annual Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee chair retainer 2 $ 15,000 Annual Ethics, Environment, Safety and Health Committee chair retainer 2 $ 15,000 Annual Audit Committee member retainer 2 $ 5,000 Annual Lead Independent Director retainer 3 $ 35,000 1 This is in addition to the annual retainer and the annual Audit Committee member retainer in view of increased responsibilities 2 This is in addition to the annual retainer in view of increased responsibilities 3 This is in addition to the annual retainer, Audit Committee member retainer and the annual Committee chair retainers in view of increased responsibilities The Company reimburses Directors for the travel expenses of, or provides transportation on Company aircraft for, Board and Committee meetings, meetings with management or independent consultants or advisors, and other Company-related events, such as Investor Day and meetings with potential Board candidates. No non-employee Directors received personal use of Martin Marietta s aircraft or other perquisites or personal benefits in 2025. Equity Compensation Paid to Non-Employee Board Members Non-employee Directors received an award of restricted stock units (RSUs) with a value of $170,000 (rounded up to the nearest RSU) based on the closing price as of the date of grant, which was following the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders in May 2025. In May 2025, this award was 308 RSUs. The RSUs granted to the Directors in 2025 were fully vested upon award. Directors are required to defer at least 50% of the RSUs until retirement from the Board. Directors may choose to voluntarily defer an additional portion of their RSUs, and any RSUs that are not so deferred are settled in shares of common stock of Martin Marietta as soon as practicable following the grant date. The RSUs were awarded under the Martin Marietta Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan, which was approved by shareholders on May 19, 2016 (the 2016 Stock Plan). The 2016 Stock Plan provides that, during any calendar year, no non-employee Director may be granted (i) restricted shares and other full-value stock-based awards, including RSUs, in respect of more than 7,000 shares of common stock of Martin Marietta or (ii) options or stock appreciation rights in respect of more than 20,000 shares of common stock of Martin Marietta. We are asking approval from our shareholders to amend and restate the 2016 Stock Plan in this proxy statement. The amended and restated Stock-Based Award Plan provides that no non-employee Director can be granted an aggregate amount of cash compensation and equity awards valued at greater than $750,000 in the aggregate in any calendar year, subject to certain limited exceptions that are subject to a limit of $1,000,000. The Directors do not have voting or investment power for their respective RSUs. Deferred Compensation Program for Non-Employee Board Members The Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors provides that non-employee Directors may elect to receive all or a portion of their cash compensation earned in 2025 in the form of Martin Marietta common stock units. If deferral is elected, there is a mandatory minimum deferral time of three years with, subject to certain restrictions, re-deferrals at each Director s election up to the date the person ceases to be a Director or the date that is one year and one month following the date that the person ceases to be a Director. Directors may elect 34 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors to receive payment of the deferred amount in a single lump sum or in equal annual installments for a period of up to ten years. All deferrals in common stock are credited at 100% of the fair market value of the common stock (the closing price of the common stock as reported in The Wall Street Journal). There are no matching contributions made by Martin Marietta. Dividend equivalents are paid on the units at the same rate as dividends are paid to all shareholders. The Directors do not have voting or investment power for their respective common stock units. Directors may also elect to defer their fees into a cash-based account on the same basis. Amounts deferred under the plan in cash are credited with interest at the prime rate as of January 1 of that year. Director Compensation Table The table below summarizes the compensation paid by Martin Marietta to each person who served as a non-employee Director during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. NAME 1 FEES EARNED OR PAID IN CASH ($) 2 STOCK AWARDS ($) 3 CHANGE IN PENSION VALUE AND NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION EARNINGS ($) 4 ALL OTHER COMPENSATION ($) 5 TOTAL ($) (A) (B) (C) (F) (G) (H) Dorothy M. Ables 145,000 170,281 3,915 12,041 331,237 Sue W. Cole 6 125,000 170,281 84,717 83,101 463,099 Anthony R. Foxx 140,000 170,281 15,945 7,215 333,441 John J. Koraleski 6 185,000 170,281 9,435 29,261 393,977 Mary T. Mack 125,000 170,281 95 1,704 297,080 Laree E. Perez 130,000 170,281 44,597 51,291 396,169 Thomas H. Pike 125,000 170,281 3,495 15,614 314,390 Donald W. Slager 140,000 170,281 5,667 15,150 331,098 David C. Wajsgras 150,000 170,281 3,278 15,414 338,973 1 Mr. Nye, who is the Chief Executive Officer of Martin Marietta and a member of the Board of Directors, is not included in this table because he is not compensated separately for his service as a Director. The compensation received by Mr. Nye as an employee of Martin Marietta is shown in the Summary Compensation Table on page 77. 2 The amounts in column (B) reflect fees earned in 2025. Some of these fees were deferred pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors in the form of common stock units. The number of units of common stock credited in 2025 to each of the Directors under the Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors and the grant date fair value for these awards determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, are as follows: Ms. Ables, 0; Ms. Cole, 0; Mr. Foxx, 0; Mr. Koraleski, 332 units and $186,513 in value, respectively; Ms. Mack, 0; Ms. Perez, 0; Mr. Pike, 225 units and $126,384 in value, respectively; Mr. Slager, 0; and Mr. Wajsgras, 269 units and $151,084 in value, respectively. The number of units credited to each of the Directors as of December 31, 2025, including units accumulated under the plan for all years of service as a Director, is as follows: Ms. Ables, 0; Ms. Cole, 13,867; Mr. Foxx,0; Mr. Koraleski, 4,041; Ms. Mack, 0; Ms. Perez, 5,258; Mr. Pike, 1,402; Mr. Slager, 0; and Mr. Wajsgras, 2,026. 3 Each Director who was serving immediately following the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders received 308 RSUs in May 2025. The amounts in column (C) reflect the grant date fair value for these awards determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The RSUs fully vested upon award and will be distributed to the Director upon retirement, except Ms. Ables, Ms. Cole and Ms. Perez, who each received a distribution of 154 unrestricted shares of common stock and deferred the distribution of 154 RSUs until retirement. As of December 31, 2025, each Director held RSUs in the amounts as follows: Ms. Ables, 3,754; Ms. Cole, 11,819; Mr. Foxx, 2,302; Mr. Koraleski, 4,712; Ms. Mack, 601; Ms. Perez, 10,610; Mr. Pike, 3,142; Mr. Slager, 4,751; and Mr. Wajsgras, 2,564. As of December 31, 2025, none of the Directors held options for common stock. 4 The amounts in column (F) reflect interest paid on fees deferred in cash under the Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors. 5 The amounts in column (G) reflect for each Director the dollar value of dividend equivalents paid in 2025 on common stock units held under the Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors. The non-employee Directors did not receive perquisites or other personal benefits in 2025. 6 Ms. Cole and Mr. Koraleski will retire at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders in accordance with the Bylaws that provide for retirement of a Director at the annual meeting of shareholders following the Director s 75 th birthday. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 Beneficial Owners and Management Stock Ownership How much stock do Martin Marietta s Directors, nominees and executive officers own? The following table sets forth information as of March 6, 2026 with respect to the shares of common stock that are beneficially owned by the Directors, other nominees for election as Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, each person who served as Chief Financial Officer during 2025, and the other named executive officers who are listed in the Summary Compensation Table on page 77 of this Proxy Statement, individually, and by all Directors and executive officers of Martin Marietta as a group. The address of each beneficial owner below is Martin Marietta s principal executive office. NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER AMOUNT AND NATURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 1 DEFERRED AND RESTRICTED UNITS 6 TOTAL Dorothy M. Ables 3,908 2 3,908 Robert J. Cardin 8,144 4,315 12,459 Sue W. Cole 30,237 2,3 30,237 Gayla J. Delly Jason P. Flynn 1,053 4,441 5,494 Anthony R. Foxx 2,302 2 2,302 Bradley D. Kohn 4 197 2,354 2,551 John J. Koraleski 15,722 2 15,722 Martin J. Lyons, Jr. Mary T. Mack 601 601 Donald A. McCunniff 2,253 5,265 7,518 James A. J. Nickolas 5 23,449 C. Howard Nye 219,235 27,203 246,438 Laree E. Perez 15,868 2 15,868 Michael J. Petro 6,469 8,890 15,359 Thomas H. Pike 4,591 2 4,591 Donald W. Slager 4,751 2 4,751 David C. Wajsgras 4,646 2 4,646 All current Directors and executive officers as a group (17 individuals including those named above) 319,780 3 73,787 393,567 1 As to the shares reported, unless indicated otherwise, (i) beneficial ownership is direct, and (ii) the person indicated has sole voting and investment power. None of the Directors or named executive officers individually own in excess of one percent of the shares of common stock outstanding. All Directors and executive officers as a group own 0.65% of the shares of common stock outstanding as of March 6, 2026. None of the shares reported are pledged as security. 2 Amounts reported include (1) compensation paid on an annual basis that Directors have received in common stock units that are deferred pursuant to the Amended and Restated Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Common Stock Purchase Plan for Directors and (2) RSUs that each Director received in 2025 as part of their compensation. The Directors do not have voting or investment power for their respective common stock units and RSUs. The number of common stock units credited to each of the Directors pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase Plan as of March 6, 2026 is as follows: Ms. Ables, 0; Ms. Cole, 13,867; Mr. Foxx, 0; Mr. Koraleski, 4,110; Ms. Mack 0; Ms. Perez, 5,258; Mr. Pike, 1,449; Mr. Slager, 0; and Mr. Wajsgras, 2,082. 3 Includes an approximation of the number of shares in an IRA account. 4 The amounts reported reflect ownership as of February 28, 2026, the date of Mr. Kohn s departure, and includes restricted stock awards that vested and were distributed before March 6, 2026. 5 The amounts reported reflect ownership as of April 11, 2025, the date of departure for Mr. Nickolas. 6 The amounts reported include common stock units credited to each of the NEOs in connection with (i) their deferral of a portion of their cash bonus under the Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Incentive Stock Plan, and (ii) RSUs (not including any performance-based share units (PSUs) granted under the Martin Marietta Amended and Restated Stock-Based Award Plan that are subject to forfeiture in accordance with the terms of the Stock-Based Award Plan and are scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 6, 2026), each in the following amounts: Mr. Nye, 7,714 and 19,489, respectively; Mr. Cardin, 0 and 4,315, respectively; Mr. Flynn, 1,827 and 2,614, respectively; Mr. Kohn, 0 and 2,354, respectively; Mr. McCunniff, 0 and 5,265, respectively; Mr. Nickolas, 0 and 0, respectively; Mr. Petro, 0 and 8,890, respectively; and all Directors and executive officers as a group, 9,541 and 64,246, respectively. There are no voting rights associated with the stock units or RSUs. 36 Beneficial Owners and Management Who are the largest owners of Martin Marietta s stock? The following table sets forth information, based on filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, with respect to the shares of common stock which are held by persons known to Martin Marietta to be the beneficial owners of more than 5% of such stock as of March 6, 2026. To the best of Martin Marietta s knowledge, no person beneficially owned more than 5% of any class of Martin Marietta s outstanding voting securities at the close of business on March 6, 2026, except for those shown below. NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER AMOUNT AND NATURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP 1 PERCENT OF CLASS The Vanguard Group, Inc. 2 7,168,589 11.9 % BlackRock, Inc. 3 4,113,718 7.0 % 1 Ownership amounts are based on the assumption that each such shareholder continued to beneficially own, as of March 6, 2026, the amounts reflected in its beneficial ownership report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission described below, which is the most recent such report filed by the shareholder. Percentage ownership is based on the number of shares of our common stock outstanding on March 6, 2026. 2 As reported in Schedule 13G/A reporting beneficial ownership as of December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, indicating sole power to vote 0 shares, shared power to vote 81,795 shares, sole power to dispose of 6,903,108 shares, and shared power to dispose of 265,481 shares. The Vanguard Group, Inc. s address is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. In a Schedule 13G amendment filed on March 27, 2026, The Vanguard Group, Inc. reported that due to an internal realignment it no longer has, or is deemed to have, beneficial ownership over Martin Marietta common stock beneficially owned by various subsidiaries and/or business divisions of subsidiaries of The Vanguard Group Inc. In such Schedule 13G amendment, The Vanguard Group Inc. further reported that certain subsidiaries or business divisions of subsidiaries of The Vanguard Group, Inc., that formerly had, or were deemed to have, beneficial ownership with The Vanguard Group, Inc., will report beneficial ownership separately (on a disaggregated basis) from The Vanguard Group, Inc. and that these subsidiaries and/or business divisions pursue the same investment strategies as previously pursued by The Vanguard Group, Inc. prior to the realignment. 3 As reported in Schedule 13G reporting beneficial ownership as of December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on January 26, 2024, indicating sole power to vote 3,764,294 shares, shared power to vote 0 shares, sole power to dispose of 4,113,718 shares, and shared power to dispose of 0 shares. BlackRock, Inc. s address is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 Corporate Governance Matters Corporate Governance Philosophy Martin Marietta has a culture dedicated to ethical business behavior and responsible corporate activity, which we believe promotes the long-term interests of shareholders. This commitment is reflected in our Corporate Governance Guidelines , posted and available for public viewing on Martin Marietta s website at https://ir.martinmarietta.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents-and-charters, which set forth a flexible framework within which the Board, assisted by its Committees, directs the affairs of Martin Marietta. The Guidelines address, among other things, the composition and functions of the Board of Directors, director qualifications and independence, Chief Executive Officer performance evaluation and management succession, Board Committees and the selection of new Directors. Martin Marietta s Code of Ethical Business Conduct has been in place since the 1980s and is regularly updated. It applies to all Board members, officers, and employees, providing our policies and expectations on a number of topics, including our commitment to good citizenship, promoting a positive and safe work environment, avoiding conflicts of interest, honoring the confidentiality of sensitive information, preservation and use of Company assets, compliance with all laws, and operating with integrity in all that we do. To implement the Code of Ethical Business Conduct , Board members, officers, and employees participate regularly in ethics training. There have been no waivers from any provisions of our Code of Ethical Business Conduct to any Board member or executive officer. In addition, the Board believes that accountability to shareholders is a hallmark of good governance and critical to Martin Marietta s success. To that end, management and the Board regularly engages with shareholders on a variety of topics throughout the year, including sustainability and governance, to ensure we are addressing their questions, thoughts and concerns, to seek input and to provide perspective on Company policies and practices. See discussion of our shareholder outreach on pages 10 and 49. The chart below provides a snapshot of Martin Marietta s governance highlights. 38 Corporate Governance Matters Corporate Governance Board Practices Who are Martin Marietta s independent Directors? All of Martin Marietta s Directors are non-employee Directors except Mr. Nye. Mr. Nye neither sits in the executive sessions of the independent Directors (unless invited to attend for a specific discussion) nor does he participate in any action of the Board relating to any executive compensation which he may receive. In assessing the independence of its members and nominees, the Board has adopted for Martin Marietta a set of Guidelines for Director s Independence (Guidelines). The Guidelines are posted and available for public viewing on Martin Marietta s website at https://ir.martinmarietta.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents-and-charters. These Guidelines reflect the rules of the NYSE, applicable requirements of the SEC, and other standards determined by the Board to be important in assessing the independence of Board members. The Board has determined that, other than Mr. Nye, all members of the Board are independent under these Guidelines, resulting in 90% of the Board being independent. The Board of Directors has determined that no Director (except Mr. Nye), or any person or organization with which the Director has any affiliation, has a relationship with Martin Marietta that may interfere with his or her independence from Martin Marietta and its management. In making this independence determination, the Board considered other entities with which the Directors were affiliated and any business Martin Marietta had done with such entities. Do the independent Directors ever meet without management? Martin Marietta s Corporate Governance Guidelines adopted by the Board provide that at least two Board meetings each year will include an executive session of the non-employee Directors to discuss such topics as they may choose, including a discussion of the performance of Martin Marietta s Chair and Chief Executive Officer. In 2025, Martin Marietta s independent Directors met at each regularly scheduled Board meeting, consisting of four times in executive session without management, in addition to executive sessions held by Committees of the Board. In 2025, all the independent Directors were non-employees. What is the Board s leadership structure? Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Board s policy as to whether the Chair and CEO positions should be separate is to adopt the practice that best serves the Company s needs at any particular time. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board regularly evaluates Board leadership alternatives in connection with combining the Chair and CEO roles. The Board believes that, at the present time, the Company is best served by allocating governance responsibilities between a combined Chair and CEO and a Lead Independent Director with robust responsibilities. This structure allows the Company to present a single face to our constituencies through the combined Chair and CEO position while at the same time providing an active role and voice for the independent directors through the Lead Independent Director. As a result of Mr. Nye s tenure at Martin Marietta and strong performance as a leader since his election as CEO, the Board believes he is uniquely qualified through his experience, education and expertise to be the person who promotes strong and visionary leadership for our Board, as well as important recognition as the leader of Martin Marietta by our customers, employees and other constituencies. The Board also believes that Mr. Nye s serving as both Chair and CEO is appropriate taking into consideration the size and nature of our business, Mr. Nye s effective and careful formulation and execution of our strategic plan, his established working relationship and open communication with our other Directors, both during meetings and in the intervals between meetings, the significant board-level experience of our independent Directors as a whole, the strong independent leadership and accountability to shareholders provided by 90% of our Directors being independent, the independent leadership provided by our Committee chairs, and our Board culture in which Mr. Nye and the other Directors are able to thoughtfully debate different points of view and reach consensus in an efficient manner. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 39 Corporate Governance Matters REASONS FOR COMBINED CHAIR AND CEO Key Highlights The independent Board members believe that Mr. Nye has extensive experience in all facets of the building materials industry, in both the U.S. and with global competitors. Mr. Nye s experience has allowed the Company to successfully navigate acute periods of duress ( e.g. , the Great Financial Crisis and COVID-19). Mr. Nye has been effective in creating shareholder value through strategic acquisitions and divestitures, with the successful realization of expected synergies. Mr. Nye has in-depth knowledge of safety, health, operational, legal, environmental, regulatory and governance considerations that impact the business and Board s oversight of management. Mr. Nye has demonstrated his leadership and vision to guide the Board in its oversight of management with the development of multiple five-year strategic plans, with the current Strategic Operating Analysis and Review (SOAR 2030) discussed with and approved by the Board in August 2025. Mr. Nye has engaged in an active investor relations program, including the Company s Fall Engagement Program conversations and Capital Markets Day presentations, and helps lead the Board in understanding the perspective of the Company s shareholders. Strong independent directors comprise 90% of the current Board, and open communications exist between Mr. Nye and the independent directors. The Board believes that combining the Chair and CEO roles enhances accountability, ensures unified strategic direction, enables more efficient and informed Board leadership, particularly given the Company s scale, complexity, and long-term strategic horizon, and that the structure is appropriately complemented by robust independent oversight, including a strong Lead Independent Director, active committee leadership, and governance practices designed to safeguard independence and protect shareholder interests. Does the Board have a Lead Independent Director? In deciding that a combined Chair and Chief Executive Officer position is the appropriate leadership structure for the Company at this time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board also recognized the benefit of independent leadership to enhance the effectiveness of the Board s oversight role and communications between the Board and Mr. Nye. Accordingly, in November 2014, our Corporate Governance Guidelines were revised to provide that in the event the Chair and Chief Executive Officer positions are held by one person, our independent Directors may designate a Lead Independent Director from among the independent Directors. The designation of the Lead Independent Director is to be made annually, with the expectation of the Board that the Lead Independent Director will be re-appointed for multiple, consecutive one-year terms. John J. Koraleski currently serves as the Lead Independent Director and Donald W. Slager will serve as the Company s lead independent director upon Mr. Koraleski s retirement. The responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director include: Presiding at Board meetings when the Chair is not present. Presiding at executive sessions of the independent Directors, and meeting separately with the Chair after executive sessions to review the matters discussed during the executive sessions. Acting as a liaison between the Chair and the independent Directors. Suggesting to the Chair agenda items for Board meetings and consulting with the Chair regarding Board meeting schedules. Calling, where necessary, executive sessions of independent Directors. Being available to meet with shareholders and other key constituents. Acting as a resource for, and counsel to, the Chair. In addition, the Lead Independent Director attends and meets with shareholders at Company-sponsored Capital Markets Days. How would interested parties make their concerns known to the independent Directors? The Board of Directors provides a process for shareholders and other interested parties to send communications to the Board. Shareholders and other interested parties may communicate anonymously and confidentially with the Board through Martin Marietta s Ethics Hotline at +1 (800) 209-4508. The Board has also designated the Corporate Secretary to facilitate communications to the Board. 40 Corporate Governance Matters Shareholders and other interested parties may communicate directly with the Board of Directors, or directly with the independent Directors, or an individual Director, including the Lead Independent Director, by writing to Martin Marietta, Attn: Corporate Secretary, 4123 Parklake Avenue, Raleigh, North Carolina 27612. All communications by shareholders or other interested parties addressed to the Board will be sent directly to Board members. While Martin Marietta s Ethics Office and the Corporate Secretary may review, sort, and summarize these communications, all such communications will be presented to the independent Directors unless there is instruction from them to filter such communications (and in such event, any communication that has been filtered out will be made available to any independent Director who wishes to review it). Martin Marietta and its Board of Directors will continue to review and evaluate the process by which shareholders or other interested persons communicate with Martin Marietta and the Board and may adopt other or further processes and procedures in this regard. If so, we will identify those policies and procedures on our website at www.martinmarietta.com . How often did the Board meet during 2025? Martin Marietta s Board of Directors held four regularly scheduled meetings during 2025. There were two special meetings of the Board of Directors in 2025. There were also a total of 20 Committee meetings in 2025. In addition, management confers frequently with the Directors on an informal basis to discuss Company affairs. How many times did Directors attend meetings of the Board and its Committees? Martin Marietta s Directors are expected to attend 100% of the meetings of the Board and Committees of the Board on which they serve unless there is a good reason otherwise. In 2025, all Directors attended 100% of the meetings of the Board of Directors during their term of service on the Board. All Directors attended 100% of the meetings of the Committees of the Board on which they served (during the periods that they served) except one Director who missed one committee meeting due to a conflict. Will the Directors attend the Annual Meeting? Martin Marietta s Directors are expected to be available to respond to questions and react to comments at Martin Marietta s Annual Meeting of Shareholders. In 2025, all Directors attended the Annual Meeting in May. Will the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consider any Director candidates recommended by shareholders? The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider nominees recommended by shareholders for election as a Director at an Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Martin Marietta, if the shareholder making such recommendation complies with the advance notice provisions and other requirements specified in the Bylaws of Martin Marietta. The Bylaws of Martin Marietta require advance notice for any proposal for the nomination for election as a Director at an Annual Meeting of Shareholders made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors. In general, nominations must be delivered to the Corporate Secretary of Martin Marietta at its principal executive offices, 4123 Parklake Avenue, Raleigh, North Carolina 27612, not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior to the first anniversary of the mailing of the Proxy Statement in connection with the preceding year s Annual Meeting of Shareholders and must contain specified information concerning the nominee and the shareholder proposing the nomination and otherwise comply with the requirements specified in the Bylaws. Any shareholder desiring a copy of the Bylaws of Martin Marietta will be furnished a copy without charge upon written request to the Secretary of Martin Marietta. Additional information is contained in the section entitled Shareholders Proposals For 2027 Annual Meeting below. How does the Board select nominees for the Board? The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider candidates for Board membership suggested by its members and other Board m