=== MLM_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors , and Note A: Accounting Policies and Note N: Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements of the audited consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. You should consider these forward-looking statements in light of risk factors discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and other filings made with the SEC. All of the Company s forward-looking statements should be considered in light of these factors. In addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company considers immaterial could affect the accuracy of its forward-looking statements, or adversely affect or be material to the Company. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of filing or publication and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Form 10-K Page 64 Part II Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As discussed earlier, the Company s operations are highly dependent upon the interest rate-sensitive construction and steelmaking industries. Consequently, these marketplaces could experience lower levels of economic activity in an environment of rising interest rates or escalating costs (see Business Environment section included under Item 7 MD A of this Form 10-K). Management has considered the current economic environment and its potential impact to the Company s business. Demand for aggregates products, particularly in the infrastructure construction market, is affected by federal, state and local budget and deficit issues. Further, delays or cancellations of capital projects in the nonresidential and residential construction markets could occur if companies and consumers are unable to obtain affordable financing for construction projects or if consumer confidence is eroded by economic uncertainty. Demand in the nonresidential and residential construction markets, which combined accounted for 58% of the Company's 2025 aggregates shipments, is affected by interest rates. While the Federal Reserve lowered the benchmark federal funds rate 75 basis points in 2025, the federal funds rate remains above the current rate of inflation, resulting in continued restrictive monetary policy. Aside from these inherent risks from within its operations, the Company s earnings are also affected by changes in short-term interest rates and changes in enacted tax laws. Variable-Rate Borrowing Facilities At December 31, 2025, the Company had an $800 million Revolving Facility and a $400 million Trade Receivable Facility. Borrowings under these facilities bear interest at a variable interest rate. A hypothetical 100-basis-point increase in interest rates on variable-rate borrowings of $30 million, which was the collective outstanding balance at December 31, 2025, would not increase annual interest expense by a material amount. Pension Expense The Company s results of operations are affected by its pension expense. Assumptions that affect pension expense include the discount rate and, for the qualified defined benefit pension plan only, the expected long-term rate of return on pension assets. Therefore, the Company has interest rate risk associated with these factors. The impact of hypothetical changes in these assumptions on the Company s annual pension expense and accrued pension obligation is discussed in the Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Pension Benefit Obligation and Pension Expense Selection of Assumptions section included under Item 7 MD A of this Form 10-K. Income Tax Any changes in enacted tax laws, rules or regulatory or judicial interpretation, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes, could materially impact the Company's effective tax rate, tax payments, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. Energy Costs Energy costs, including diesel fuel, natural gas, electricity, coal and petroleum coke, represent significant production costs of the Company. The Company may be unable to pass along increases in the costs of energy to customers in the form of price increases for the Company s products. The Specialties business has varying fixed-price agreements for a portion of its future energy requirements. A hypothetical 10% change in the Company s energy prices in 2026 as compared with 2025, assuming constant volumes, would change 2026 energy expense for continuing operations by $29 million. Form 10-K Page 65 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Statement of Responsibility and Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 66 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 68 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 70 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings for years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 71 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2025 and 2024 72 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 73 Consolidated Statements of Total Equity for years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 74 Notes to Financial Statements 75 Statement of Responsibility and Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management s Statement of Responsibility The management of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (the Company or Martin Marietta) is responsible for the consolidated financial statements, the related financial information contained in this Form 10-K and the establishment and maintenance of adequate internal control over financial reporting. The consolidated balance sheets for Martin Marietta, at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, total equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, include amounts based on estimates and judgments and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States applied on a consistent basis. A system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance, in a cost-effective manner, that assets are safeguarded, transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with management s authorization, accountability for assets is maintained and financial statements are prepared and presented fairly in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control systems over financial reporting have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The Company operates in an environment that establishes an appropriate system of internal control over financial reporting and ensures that the system is maintained, assessed and monitored on a periodic basis. This internal control system includes examinations by internal audit staff and oversight by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The Company s management recognizes its responsibility to foster a strong ethical climate. Management has issued written policy statements that document the Company s business code of ethics. The importance of ethical behavior is regularly communicated to all employees through the distribution of the Code of Ethical Business Conduct and through ongoing education and review programs designed to create a strong commitment to ethical business practices. Form 10-K Page 66 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which consists of four independent, nonemployee directors, meets periodically and separately with management, the independent auditors and the internal auditors to review the activities of each. The Audit Committee meets standards established by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the New York Stock Exchange as they relate to the composition and practices of audit committees. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The management of Martin Marietta is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on management s assessment under the 2013 framework, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. Management has excluded the internal control over financial reporting of Premier Magnesia, LLC from its assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, because this business was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2025 and has not been integrated into the Company s existing systems and internal control over financial reporting. Those controls that were not integrated have been excluded from management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. The excluded elements represent controls for $114 million of consolidated assets and $107 million of consolidated revenues as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. The consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, whose report appears on the following pages. C. Howard Nye, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer Michael J. Petro , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 19, 2026 Form 10-K Page 67 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Report of Independent Registe red Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive earnings, of total equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Premier Magnesia, LLC from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2025. We have also excluded Premier Magnesia, LLC from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Premier Magnesia, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total consolidated assets and total consolidated revenues excluded from management s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent $114 million and $107 million, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. Form 10-K Page 68 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Valuation of the Projected Benefit Obligation - Defined Benefit Pension Plans As described in Note J to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s net projected benefit obligation for defined benefit pension plans was $1,008 million as of December 31, 2025. As disclosed by management, annually, as of December 31, management remeasures the defined benefit pension plans projected benefit obligation based on the present value of the projected future benefit payments to all participants for services rendered to date, reflecting expected future pay increases through the participants expected retirement dates. The key assumptions used by management to estimate the projected benefit obligation include the discount rate, rate of increase in future compensation levels, mortality table and mortality improvement scale. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the projected benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans is a critical audit matter are the (i) significant judgment by management when developing the estimate of the projected benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumption related to the discount rate; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of the projected benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data provided by management and (ii) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of management s estimate of the projected benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans by (a) evaluating the appropriateness of management s actuarial methodologies; (b) developing an independent range of the discount rate and comparing management's selected discount rate to the independently developed range to evaluate the reasonableness of management s discount rate assumption; and (c) assessing the consistency of management s actuarial methodologies period-over-period. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Raleigh, North Carolina February 19, 2026 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. Form 10-K Page 69 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Financial Statements Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Earnings years ended December 31 (in millions, except per share data) 2025 2024 2023 Revenues $ 6,150 $ 5,662 $ 5,851 Cost of revenues 4,261 4,026 4,106 Gross Profit 1,889 1,636 1,745 Selling, general and administrative expenses 443 429 425 Acquisition, divestiture and integration expenses 15 50 12 Other operating income, net ( 6 ) ( 1,322 ) ( 25 ) Earnings from Operations 1,437 2,479 1,333 Interest expense 230 169 165 Other nonoperating income, net ( 19 ) ( 56 ) ( 58 ) Earnings from continuing operations before income tax expense 1,226 2,366 1,226 Income tax expense 236 550 234 Earnings from continuing operations 990 1,816 992 Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income tax expense 147 180 178 Consolidated net earnings 1,137 1,996 1,170 Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 1 1 Net Earnings Attributable to Martin Marietta $ 1,137 $ 1,995 $ 1,169 Net Earnings Attributable to Martin Marietta Per Common Share (see Note A) Basic from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders $ 16.37 $ 29.58 $ 16.01 Basic from discontinued operations attributable to common shareholders 2.44 2.92 2.87 Total basic attributable to common shareholders $ 18.81 $ 32.50 $ 18.88 Diluted from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders $ 16.34 $ 29.50 $ 15.96 Diluted from discontinued operations attributable to common shareholders 2.43 2.91 2.86 Total diluted attributable to common shareholders $ 18.77 $ 32.41 $ 18.82 Weighted-Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic 60.5 61.4 61.9 Diluted 60.6 61.6 62.1 The accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. Form 10-K Page 70 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings years ended December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Consolidated Net Earnings $ 1,137 $ 1,996 $ 1,170 Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax: Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans: Net gain (loss) arising during period, net of tax of $ 21 , $ 11 and $( 5 ), respectively 62 33 ( 16 ) Amortization of prior service cost, net of tax of $ 2 , $ 1 and $ 2 , respectively 4 5 4 Amortization of actuarial loss, net of tax of $ 0 , $ 0 and $ 0 , respectively 1 1 Amount recognized in net periodic pension cost due to settlement, net of tax of $ 1 , $ 0 and $ 0 , respectively 4 71 39 ( 12 ) Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 2 ( 3 ) 1 73 36 ( 11 ) Comprehensive Earnings Attributable to Martin Marietta $ 1,210 $ 2,032 $ 1,159 The accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. Form 10-K Page 71 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31 (in millions, except share and par value data) 2025 2024 Assets Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 67 $ 670 Accounts receivable, net 723 678 Inventories, net 1,078 1,018 Current assets held for sale 1,230 15 Other current assets 95 68 Total Current Assets 3,193 2,449 Property, plant and equipment, net 10,290 9,660 Goodwill 3,614 3,393 Other intangibles, net 459 477 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 367 366 Noncurrent assets held for sale 1,179 Other noncurrent assets 788 646 Total Assets $ 18,711 $ 18,170 Liabilities and Equity Current Liabilities: Accounts payable $ 389 $ 375 Accrued salaries, benefits and payroll taxes 100 73 Accrued income taxes 5 102 Accrued other taxes 46 45 Current maturities of long-term debt 30 125 Current operating lease liabilities 62 55 Unpaid commitments to limited liability companies 51 44 Other current liabilities 212 183 Total Current Liabilities 895 1,002 Long-term debt 5,293 5,288 Deferred income taxes, net 1,266 1,169 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 320 327 Other noncurrent liabilities 903 928 Total Liabilities 8,677 8,714 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities - Note N Equity: Common stock ($ 0.01 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 60,309,739 shares and 61,126,646 shares outstanding at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively) 1 1 Preferred stock ($ 0.01 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; no shares outstanding) Additional paid-in capital 3,569 3,550 Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) 60 ( 13 ) Retained earnings 6,402 5,915 Total Shareholders Equity 10,032 9,453 Noncontrolling interests 2 3 Total Equity 10,034 9,456 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 18,711 $ 18,170 The accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. Form 10-K Page 72 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows years ended December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Consolidated net earnings $ 1,137 $ 1,996 $ 1,170 Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, depletion and amortization 637 573 513 Stock-based compensation expense 46 58 50 Net gains on divestitures and sales of assets ( 25 ) ( 1,369 ) ( 2 ) Deferred income taxes, net 69 ( 45 ) ( 36 ) Asset and portfolio rationalization charges 21 50 Other items, net ( 8 ) ( 15 ) ( 16 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable, net ( 51 ) 81 31 Inventories, net ( 30 ) ( 52 ) ( 189 ) Accounts payable 21 17 ( 17 ) Other assets and liabilities, net ( 32 ) 165 24 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 1,785 1,459 1,528 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Additions to property, plant and equipment ( 807 ) ( 855 ) ( 650 ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ( 685 ) ( 3,642 ) Proceeds from divestitures and sales of assets 38 2,160 427 Proceeds from sale of restricted investments to discharge long-term debt 700 Investments in limited liability companies ( 128 ) ( 117 ) ( 27 ) Other investing activities, net ( 6 ) 10 9 Net Cash (Used for) Provided by Investing Activities ( 1,588 ) ( 2,444 ) 459 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from borrowings 640 2,758 Repayments of debt ( 735 ) ( 1,690 ) ( 700 ) Payments on finance lease obligations ( 23 ) ( 20 ) ( 17 ) Dividends paid ( 197 ) ( 189 ) ( 174 ) Repurchases of common stock ( 450 ) ( 450 ) ( 150 ) Shares withheld for employees income tax obligations ( 31 ) ( 32 ) ( 22 ) Other financing activities, net ( 4 ) ( 4 ) ( 1 ) Net Cash (Used for) Provided by Financing Activities ( 800 ) 373 ( 1,064 ) Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash ( 603 ) ( 612 ) 923 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, beginning of year 670 1,282 359 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, end of year $ 67 $ 670 $ 1,282 The accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. Form 10-K Page 73 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Total Equity (in millions, except share and per share data) Shares of Common Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Earnings Retained Earnings Total Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 62,102,353 $ 1 $ 3,489 $ ( 38 ) $ 3,719 $ 7,171 $ 2 $ 7,173 Consolidated net earnings 1,169 1,169 1 1,170 Other comprehensive loss ( 11 ) ( 11 ) ( 11 ) Dividends declared ($ 2.80 per common share) ( 174 ) ( 174 ) ( 174 ) Issuances of common stock for stock award plans 100,588 2 2 2 Shares withheld for employees income tax obligations ( 22 ) ( 22 ) ( 22 ) Repurchases of common stock ( 381,520 ) ( 151 ) ( 151 ) ( 151 ) Stock-based compensation expense 50 50 50 Distribution to owners of noncontrolling interest ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 61,821,421 1 3,519 ( 49 ) 4,563 8,034 2 8,036 Consolidated net earnings 1,995 1,995 1 1,996 Other comprehensive earnings 36 36 36 Dividends declared ($ 3.06 per common share) ( 189 ) ( 189 ) ( 189 ) Issuances of common stock for stock award plans 90,983 5 5 5 Shares withheld for employees income tax obligations ( 32 ) ( 32 ) ( 32 ) Repurchases of common stock ( 785,758 ) ( 454 ) ( 454 ) ( 454 ) Stock-based compensation expense 58 58 58 Balance at December 31, 2024 61,126,646 1 3,550 ( 13 ) 5,915 9,453 3 9,456 Consolidated net earnings 1,137 1,137 1,137 Other comprehensive earnings 73 73 73 Dividends declared ($ 3.24 per common share) ( 196 ) ( 196 ) ( 196 ) Issuances of common stock for stock award plans 93,924 4 4 4 Shares withheld for employees income tax obligations ( 31 ) ( 31 ) ( 31 ) Repurchases of common stock ( 910,831 ) ( 454 ) ( 454 ) ( 454 ) Stock-based compensation expense 46 46 46 Distribution to owners of noncontrolling interest ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 60,309,739 $ 1 $ 3,569 $ 60 $ 6,402 $ 10,032 $ 2 $ 10,034 The accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. Form 10-K Page 74 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements Note A: Accou nting Policies Organization. Martin Marietta is a natural resource-based building materials company. As of December 31, 2025, the Company supplies aggregates (crushed stone, sand and gravel) through its network of approximately 400 quarries, mines and distribution yards in 28 states, Canada and The Bahamas. Martin Marietta also provides other building materials, namely, cement, ready mixed concrete, asphalt and paving services, in vertically-integrated structured markets where the Company also has a notable aggregates position. Specifically, the Company has one cement plant and four cement distribution facilities in Texas; ready mixed concrete plants in Arizona and Texas; and asphalt plants in Arizona, California, Colorado and Minnesota. Asphalt paving services are located in Colorado. The Company s heavy-side building materials are used in infrastructure, nonresidential and residential construction projects. Aggregates are also used in agricultural, utility and environmental applications and as railroad ballast. The aggregates and other business materials product lines are reported collectively as the Building Materials business. As of December 31, 2025 , the Building Materials business includes two reportable segments: East Group and West Group. The East Group consists of the East and Central divisions and operates in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, Nova Scotia and The Bahamas. The West Group is comprised of the Southwest and West divisions and operates in Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Texa s, Utah, Washington and Wyoming. The following ten states accounted for 76 % of the Building Materials business 2025 revenues: Texas, North Carolina, Colorado, California, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, Arizona, Iowa, and Minnesota. The Company also operates a Specialties business (formerly known as the Magnesia Specialties business), which represents a separate reportable segment. The Specialties business produces high-purity natural and synthetic magnesia-based products, including magnesium sulfate, magnesium oxide and magnesium hydroxide, used in environmental, industrial, agricultural, construction, consumer and specialty applications. The Specialties business also produces dolomitic lime, which is sold primarily to external customers for use in steel production and soil stabilization, and is used internally as a raw material input in synthetic magnesia production. The July 2025 acquisition of Premier Magnesia expanded the Company's product portfolio and enhanced its dolomitic magnesia mineral reserves and processing capabilities. Specialties production facilities are in Michigan, Ohio, Nevada, North Carolina, Indiana and Pennsylvania, and products are shipped to customers domestically and worldwide. In August 2025, the Company entered into a definitive agreement for the exchange of certain assets (see Note B). The pending disposal of the Company's cement plant, related cement terminals and Texas ready mixed concrete plants meets the criteria for held for sale and the associated financial results of these operations are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. The Company has recast all comparative prior-period financial information presented in the financial statements and related notes to the financial statements, unless otherwise noted, to reflect this presentation. Basis of Presentation and Use of Estimates. The Company s consolidated financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require management to make certain estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates and the underlying assumptions affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported, disclosures about contingent assets and liabilities and reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Such estimates include the valuation of accounts receivable, inventories, goodwill, other intangible assets and other long-lived assets, as well as assumptions used in the calculation of income tax expense, retirement and postemployment benefits, stock-based compensation, the allocation of the purchase price to the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of business combinations and revenue recognition for service contracts. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s judgment. Management evaluates estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current economic environment, and adjusts such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. Changes in interest rates, credit, equity and energy markets and changes in construction activity increase the uncertainty inherent in certain estimates and assumptions. Because future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from estimates. Changes in estimates, including those resulting from changes in the economic environment, are reflected in the consolidated financial statements for the period in which the change in estimate occurs. Form 10-K Page 75 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Basis of Consolidation . The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. Partially-owned affiliates are either consolidated or accounted for using the cost method or the equity method, depending on the level of ownership interest or the Company s ability to exercise significant influence or control over the affiliates operations. Intercompany balances and transactions between subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. Revenue Recognition . Revenues include sales of products and services provided to customers, net of discounts or allowances, if any, and freight and delivery costs billed to customers. Product revenues are recognized when control of the promised good is transferred to unaffiliated customers, typically when finished products are shipped. Intersegment and interproduct revenues are eliminated in consolidation. Service revenues are derived from the paving business and are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method under the cost-to-cost approach. Under the cost-to-cost approach, recognized contract revenue is determined by multiplying the total estimated contract revenue by the estimated percentage of completion. Contract costs are recognized as incurred. The percentage of completion is determined on a contract-by-contract basis using project costs incurred to date as a percentage of total estimated project costs. The Company believes the cost-to-cost approach is appropriate, as the use of asphalt in a paving contract is relatively consistent with the performance of the related paving services. When the Company arranges third-party freight to deliver products to customers, the Company has elected the delivery to be a fulfillment activity rather than a separate performance obligation. Further, the Company acts as a principal in the delivery arrangements and, as required by Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenues from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606) , the related revenues and costs are presented gross in the consolidated statements of earnings and are recognized consistently with the timing of the product revenues. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash . Cash equivalents are comprised of highly-liquid instruments with original maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase. As of December 31, 2023 , the Company had $ 10 million of restricted cash, which was invested in an account designated for the purchase of like-kind exchange replacement assets under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code and related IRS procedures (Section 1031). The Company was restricted from utilizing the cash for purposes other than the purchase of qualified assets for 180 days from receipt of the proceeds from the sale of the exchanged property. Any unused restricted cash at the end of the 180 days was transferred to unrestricted accounts of the Company and used for general corporate purposes. The Company had no restricted cash as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. The statements of cash flows reflect cash flow changes and balances for cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on an aggregated basis. The following table reconciles cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as reported on the consolidated balance sheets to the aggregated amounts presented on the consolidated statements of cash flows: December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents $ 67 $ 670 $ 1,272 Restricted cash 10 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows $ 67 $ 670 $ 1,282 Accounts Receivable. Accounts receivable are stated at cost. The Company does not typically charge interest on customer accounts receivable. The Company records an allowance for credit losses, which includes a provision for probable losses based on historical write-offs, adjusted for current conditions as deemed necessary, and a specific reserve for accounts deemed at risk. Current conditions are assessed by considering factors such as changes in the economic environment, customer payment trends, and industry specific risks that may affect collectability. The allowance is the Company s estimate for receivables as of the balance sheet date that ultimately will not be collected. Any changes in the allowance are reflected in earnings in the period in which the change occurs. The Company writes off accounts receivable when it becomes probable, based upon facts and circumstances, that such amounts will not be collected. Inventories Valuation . Finished products and in-process inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using standard costs, which approximate the first-in, first-out method. Carrying value for parts and supplies are determined by the weighted-average cost method. The Company records an allowance for finished product inventories based on an analysis of future demand and inventory on hand in excess of one year 's sales using an average of the last two years of sales. The Company also establishes an allowance for parts over five years old and supplies over a year old. Form 10-K Page 76 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Post-production stripping costs, which represent costs of removing overburden and waste materials to access mineral deposits, are a component of inventory production costs and recognized as incurred. Property, Plant and Equipment . Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. The estimated service lives for property, plant and equipment are as follows: Class of Assets Range of Service Lives Buildings 5 to 30 years Machinery Equipment 2 to 20 years Land Improvements 5 to 60 years The Company begins capitalizing quarry development costs at a point when reserves are determined to be proven or probable, economically mineable and when demand supports investment in the market. Capitalization of these costs ceases when production commences. Capitalized quarry development costs are classified as land improvements and depreciated over the life of the reserves. The Company reviews relevant facts and circumstances to determine whether to capitalize or expense pre-production stripping costs when additional pits are developed at an existing quarry. If the additional pit operates in a separate and distinct area of the quarry, these costs are capitalized as quarry development costs and depreciated over the life of the uncovered reserves. Additionally, a separate asset retirement obligation is created for additional pits when the liability is incurred. Once a pit enters the production phase, all post-production stripping costs are charged to inventory production costs as incurred. Mineral reserves and mineral interests acquired in connection with a business combination are valued using an income approach for the estimated life of the reserves. Depreciation is computed based on estimated service lives using the straight-line method. Depletion of mineral reserves is calculated based on proven and probable reserves using the units-of-production method on a quarry-by-quarry basis. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, depletion expense was $ 103 million , $ 78 million and $ 53 million, respectively. Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized if expected future undiscounted cash flows over the estimated remaining service life of the related asset group are less than the asset group s carrying value. Repair and Maintenance Costs. Repair and maintenance costs that do not substantially extend the life of the Company s plant and equipment are expensed as incurred. Leases. Pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification 842, Leases (ASC 842), if the Company determines a contract is or contains a lease at the inception of an agreement, the Company records a right-of-use (ROU) asset, which represents the Company s right to use an underlying leased asset, and a lease liability, which represents the Company s obligation to make lease payments. The ROU asset and lease liability are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at the present value of the future lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. The Company determines the present value of lease payments based on the implicit interest rate, which may be explicitly stated in the lease, if available, or may be the Company s estimated collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on the term of the lease. Initial ROU assets also include any lease payments made at or before commencement date and any initial direct costs incurred and are reduced by lease incentives. Certain of the Company s leases contain renewal and/or termination options. The Company recognizes renewal or termination options as part of its ROU assets and lease liabilities when the Company has the unilateral right to renew or terminate and it is reasonably certain these options will be exercised. Some leases require the Company to pay non-lease components, which are primarily variable costs and may include taxes, maintenance, insurance and certain other expenses applicable to the leased property. The Company accounts for lease and non-lease components as a single amount, except for railcar, fleet vehicle and pipeline leases, for which the Company separately accounts for the lease and non-lease components. Leases are evaluated and determined to be either finance leases or operating leases. The lease is a finance lease if it transfers ownership to the underlying asset by the end of the lease term; includes a purchase option that is reasonably certain to be exercised; has a lease term for the major part of the underlying asset's remaining economic life; has a present value of the sum of the lease payments (including renewal options) that equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset; or is for an underlying asset that is of a specialized nature and is expected to have no alternative use to the lessor at the end of the lease term. If none of these terms exist, the lease is an operating lease. Form 10-K Page 77 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Leases with an initial lease term of one year or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. Costs for these leases are expensed as incurred. In the consolidated statements of earnings, operating lease expense, which is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and the amortization of finance lease ROU assets are included in the Cost of revenues or Selling, general and administrative expenses line items in the consolidated statements of earnings . Accretion on the liabilities for finance leases is included in interest expense. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Goodwill represents the excess purchase price paid for acquired businesses over the estimated fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities. Other intangible assets represent amounts assigned principally to contractual agreements and are either amortized ratably over the useful lives to the Company or not amortized if deemed to have an indefinite useful life. The Company intends, and believes it has the ability, to renew royalty agreements and extend permits that support the value of certain intangible assets. The Company s reporting units, which represent the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment, are based on the operating segments of the Building Materials and Specialties businesses. Goodwill is assigned to the respective reporting unit(s) based on the location of acquisitions at the time of consummation. If subsequent organizational changes result in operations being transferred to a different reporting unit, a proportionate amount of goodwill is transferred from the former to the new reporting unit. For divestitures, goodwill is allocated on a proportional basis based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit being disposed of and the portion of the reporting unit remaining. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing each reporting unit s fair value to its carrying value, which represents a Step-1 approach. However, prior to Step 1, the Company may perform a qualitative assessment and evaluate macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance and other business or reporting unit-specific events that contribute to the fair value of a reporting unit. If the Company concludes, based on its qualitative assessment, it is more-likely-than-not ( i.e ., a likelihood of more than 50%) that a reporting unit s fair value is higher than its carrying value, the Company is not required to perform any further goodwill impairment testing for that reporting unit. Otherwise, the Company proceeds to Step 1, and if a reporting unit s fair value exceeds its carrying value, there is no impairment. A reporting unit with a carrying value in excess of its fair value results in an impairment charge equal to the difference. When the Company validates its conclusion by measuring fair value, it may resume performing a qualitative assessment for a reporting unit in any subsequent period. The Company may bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly with the quantitative calculation in Step 1. The Company reviews the carrying values of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment as of October 1, which represents the annual evaluation date. An interim review is performed between annual tests if facts and circumstances indicate potential impairment. The carrying value of other amortizable intangible assets is reviewed if facts and circumstances indicate potential impairment. If a review indicates the carrying value is impaired, a charge is recorded equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits. The Company sponsors defined benefit retirement plans and provides other postretirement benefits. The Company recognizes the funded status, defined as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation, of its pension plans and other postretirement benefits as an asset or liability on the consolidated balance sheets. The measurement date for the Company s defined benefit plans and postretirement benefit plans is December 31. Actuarial gai ns or losses that arise during the year are recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive earnings or loss. Those amounts are amortized over the participants average remaining service period and recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost. The amount amortized is determined on a plan-by-plan basis using a corridor approach and represents the excess over 10 % of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or pension plan assets. Insurance Accruals. The Company has insurance coverage with deductibles for workers compensation, automobile liability, marine liability and general liability claims, and is also self-insured for health claims. The Company records insurance accruals based on an actuarially-determined analysis, which calculates development factors that are applied to total case reserves within the insurance programs. While the Company believes the assumptions used to calculate these liabilities are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience and/or significant changes in these assumptions may materially affect insurance costs. Form 10-K Page 78 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Stock-Based Compensation. The Company has stock-based compensation plans for employees and its Board of Directors. The Company recognizes all forms of stock-based awards that vest as compensation expense. The compensation expense is the fair value of the awards at the measurement date and is recognized over the requisite service period. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. The fair value of restricted stock awards, incentive compensation stock awards and Board of Directors fees paid in the form of common stock are based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant dates. The fair value of performance stock awards as of the grant dates is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation methodology. Environmental Matters. The Company records a liability for an asset retirement obligation at fair value in the period in which it is incurred. The asset retirement obligation is recorded at the acquisition date of a long-lived tangible asset if the fair value can be reasonably estimated. A corresponding amount is capitalized as part of the asset s carrying amount. The fair value is affected by management s assumptions regarding the scope of the work, inflation rates and asset retirement dates. Further, the Company records an accrual for other environmental remediation liabilities in the period in which it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the appropriate amounts can be reasonably estimated. Such accruals are adjusted as further information develops or circumstances change. Generally, these costs are not discounted to their present value or offset for potential insurance or other claims or potential gains from future alternative uses for a site. Income Taxes . The Company uses the liability method to determine its current and deferred incomes taxes. Deferred income taxes, net, on the consolidated balance sheets reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The effect of changes in enacted tax rates on deferred income tax assets and liabilities is charged or credited to income tax expense in the period of enactment. The Company applies the proportional amortization method to equity investments in renewable energy tax credit (RETC) programs that meet the following specified criteria: it is probable that the income tax credits allocable to the Company will be available; the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the underlying project; substantially all of the projected benefits are from income tax credits and other income tax benefits, as determined on a discounted basis; the Company's projected yield based solely on the cash flows from the income tax credits and other income tax benefits is positive; and the Company is a limited liability investor in the limited liability entity for both legal and tax purposes and its liability is limited to its capital investment. Under the proportional amortization method, the equity investment is amortized in proportion to the income tax credits and other income tax benefits received, with the amortization expense and the income tax benefits presented on a net basis in the line item Income tax expense in the consolidated statements of earnings. The RETC investments are included in the line item Other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets and the line item Investments in limited liability companies on the consolidated statements of cash flows. Uncertain Tax Positions. The Company recognizes a tax benefit when it is more-likely-than-not, based on the technical merits, that a tax position would be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. The amount to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 % likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The Company s unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets or as an offset to the deferred tax asset for tax carryforwards where available. The Company records interest accrued in relation to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. Penalties, if incurred, are recorded as operating expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings. Sales Taxes. The Company is deemed to be an agent when collecting sales taxes from customers. Sales taxes collected from customers are recorded as liabilities until remitted to taxing authorities and therefore are not reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings as revenues and expenses. Start-Up Costs. Noncapital start-up costs for new facilities and products are charged to operations as incurred. Consolidated Comprehensive Earnings and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) . Consolidated comprehensive earnings (loss) consist of consolidated net earnings, adjustments for the funded status of pension and postretirement benefit plans and foreign currency translation adjustments and are presented in the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings. Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) consists of unrecognized gains and losses related to the funded status of the pension and postretirement benefit plans and foreign currency translation and is presented on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Form 10-K Page 79 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The components of the changes in accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) and related cumulative noncurrent deferred tax assets are as follows: years ended December 31 Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans Foreign Currency Total (in millions) 2025 Accumulated other comprehensive loss at beginning of period $ ( 9 ) $ ( 4 ) $ ( 13 ) Other comprehensive earnings before reclassifications, net of tax 62 2 64 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 9 9 Other comprehensive earnings, net of tax 71 2 73 Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) at end of period $ 62 $ ( 2 ) $ 60 Cumulative noncurrent deferred tax assets at end of period $ 18 $ $ 18 2024 Accumulated other comprehensive loss at beginning of period $ ( 48 ) $ ( 1 ) $ ( 49 ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax 33 ( 3 ) 30 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 6 6 Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax 39 ( 3 ) 36 Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period $ ( 9 ) $ ( 4 ) $ ( 13 ) Cumulative noncurrent deferred tax assets at end of period $ 41 $ $ 41 2023 Accumulated other comprehensive loss at beginning of period $ ( 36 ) $ ( 2 ) $ ( 38 ) Other comprehensive (loss) earnings before reclassifications, net of tax ( 16 ) 1 ( 15 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 4 4 Other comprehensive (loss) earnings, net of tax ( 12 ) 1 ( 11 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period $ ( 48 ) $ ( 1 ) $ ( 49 ) Cumulative noncurrent deferred tax assets at end of period $ 54 $ $ 54 Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss are as follows: years ended December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Affected line items in the consolidated statements of earnings Pension and postretirement benefit plans: Settlement charge $ 5 $ $ Amortization of: Prior service cost 6 6 6 Actuarial loss 1 1 12 7 6 Other nonoperating income, net Tax effect ( 3 ) ( 1 ) ( 2 ) Income tax expense Total $ 9 $ 6 $ 4 Form 10-K Page 80 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Earnings Per Common Share . The numerator for basic and diluted earnings per common share is net earnings attributable to Martin Marietta. The denominator for basic earnings per common share is the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed assuming that the weighted-average number of common shares is increased by the conversion, using the treasury stock method, of awards issued to employees and nonemployee members of the Company s Board of Directors under certain stock-based compensation arrangements if the conversion is dilutive. The following table reconciles the denominator for basic and diluted earnings from continuing operations per common share: years ended December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 60.5 61.4 61.9 Effect of dilutive employee and director awards 0.1 0.2 0.2 Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 60.6 61.6 62.1 Reclassifications. Certain reclassifications have been made in the Company's financial statements and related notes of the prior years to conform to the current-year presentation, including recasting to reflect assets held for sale and discontinued operations. The reclassifications had no impact on the Company's previously reported results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. New Accounting Pronouncements. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures , which focuses on the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 requires public entities to disclose, on an annual basis, a tabular tax rate reconciliation using both percentages and currency amounts, disaggregated into specified categories. Certain reconciling items are further disaggregated by nature and jurisdiction to the extent those items exceed a specified threshold. Additionally, all entities are required to disclose income taxes paid, net of refunds received, disaggregated by federal, state/local, and foreign taxes and by individual jurisdiction if the amount is at least 5 % of total income tax payments, net of refunds received. The ASU also requires additional qualitative disclosures. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 as of December 31, 2025 and applied the disclosure requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented in these financial statements (see Note I). The adoption had no impact on the Company's results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (DISE), which requires public entities to disaggregate any relevant expense caption presented on the face of the income statement within continuing operations into the following required natural expense categories, as applicable: (1) purchases of inventory, (2) employee compensation, (3) depreciation, (4) intangible asset amortization, and (5) depreciation, depletion and amortization recognized as part of oil- and gas-producing activities or other depletion expenses. These disclosures must be made in a tabular format in the notes to the financial statements. The new standard does not change the requirements for the presentation of expenses on the face of the statement of earnings. The ASU is effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, and early adoption and retrospective application are permitted. The ASU will impact the Company's expense disclosures beginning with the financial statements included in the 2027 Annual Report on Form 10-K, but will have no impact on its results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Note B: Business Combinations, Divestitures, Discontinued Operations and Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale Business Combinations Premier Magnesia, LLC. On July 25, 2025, the Company acquired Premier Magnesia, LLC (Premier), a privately-owned producer and distributor of magnesia-based products, using cash on hand and credit-facility borrowings. Premier is the largest producer of natural magnesite and magnesium sulfate, or Epsom salt, in the United States, with facilities in Nevada, North Carolina, Indiana and Pennsylvania. This transaction expands the Company's product offerings to new and existing customers and enhances the Company's Specialties business. The Company has recorded preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which are subject to additional reviews that are not yet complete. Thus, these amounts are subject to change during the measurement period, which extends no longer than one year from the consummation date, and remains open as of December 31, 2025. Specific accounts subject to ongoing purchase accounting adjustments, include, but are not limited to, property, plant and equipment; goodwill; and other liabilities. The goodwill generated by the transaction is deductible for income tax purposes. The Form 10-K Page 81 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data acquisition is reported in the Company's Specialties reportable segment and is immaterial for other business combination disclosures, including pro-forma results of operations. QUIKRETE Holdings, Inc. On August 3, 2025, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with Quikrete Holdings, Inc. (QUIKRETE) for the exchange of certain assets. Under the agreement, Martin Marietta will receive aggregates facilities producing approximately 20 million tons annually in Virginia, Missouri, Kansas and Vancouver, British Columbia, as well as cash proceeds. In exchange, QUIKRETE will receive the Company s Midlothian cement plant, related cement distribution terminals, Texas ready mixed concrete assets and certain nonoperating land. The aggregates facilities to be acquired will complement Martin Marietta s existing geographic footprint in its Central Division and allow the Company to expand into new growth platforms in the target markets of Virginia and the Pacific Northwest. Business Combinations (2024) Revenues and pretax earnings attributable to operations acquired in 2024 (as subsequently described) included in the Company's consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024 were $ 261 million and $ 38 million, respectively. Pretax earnings attributable to acquired operations for 2024 reflected the impact of selling acquired inventory after its markup to fair value as part of acquisition accounting, including $ 20 million related to the Blue Water Industries LLC transaction. Blue Water Industries LLC. On April 5, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of 20 active aggregates operations in Alabama, South Carolina, South Florida, Tennessee, and Virginia from affiliates of Blue Water Industries LLC (BWI Southeast) for $ 2.05 billion in cash. The BWI Southeast acquisition complemented Martin Marietta s existing geographic footprint in the southeast region by allowing the Company to expand into new growth platforms in target markets, including Tennessee and South Florida. The results from the acquired operations are reported in the Company's East Group. The Company determined the acquisition-date fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Notably, during the measurement period, which was closed as of April 5, 2025, the Company increased the acquisition-date fair value of property, plant and equipment by $ 91 million and reduced goodwill by $ 83 million. The goodwill generated by the transaction is not deductible for income tax purposes. The following is a summary of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of April 5, 2024: (in millions) Assets: Inventories $ 47 Property, plant and equipment 1 2,052 Intangible assets, other than goodwill 19 Other assets 2 Total assets 2,120 Liabilities: Deferred income taxes 234 Asset retirement obligations 3 Other liabilities 95 Total liabilities 332 Net identifiable assets acquired 1,788 Goodwill 262 Total consideration $ 2,050 1 Includes mineral reserves of $ 1.9 billion . The following unaudited pro forma financial information summarizes the combined results of operations for the Company and BWI Southeast as though the companies were combined as of January 1, 2023. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not purport to project the future financial position or operating results of the combined company. Consistent with the assumed acquisition date of January 1, 2023, the pro forma financial results include acquisition and integration expenses of $ 23 million and a $ 20 million charge for selling inventory after its markup to fair value for the year ended December 31, 2023. Form 10-K Page 82 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The following pro forma financial information is for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place as of January 1, 2023: years ended December 31 (in millions) 2024 2023 Revenues $ 5,714 $ 6,076 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Martin Marietta $ 1,848 $ 939 Other Business Combinations. On January 12, 2024, the Company acquired Albert Frei Sons, Inc. (AFS), a leading aggregates producer in Colorado. This acquisition provided more than 60 years (at current production levels) of high-quality, hard rock reserves to better serve new and existing customers and enhances the Company's aggregates platform in the Denver metropolitan area. The Company determined the acquisition-date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. As of December 31, 2024, the measurement period was closed. The goodwill generated by the transaction is not deductible for income tax purposes. The acquisition is reported in the Company's West Group and is immaterial for other business combination disclosures, including pro-forma results of operations. On October 25, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Youngquist Brothers Rock, LLC (YBR), a leading aggregates supplier in the Fort Myers, Florida area. This acquisition allowed the Company to serve new and existing customers and enhances the Company's aggregates platform in South Florida. The acquisition was financed through short-term borrowings, which were repaid upon a public debt offering completed on November 4, 2024 (see Note G). The Company recorded fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the measurement period was closed as of September 30, 2025. The goodwill generated by the transaction is deductible for income tax purposes. The acquisition is reported in the Company's East Group and is immaterial for other business combination disclosures, including pro-forma results of operations. On December 13, 2024, the Company acquired R.E. Janes Gravel Co. (RE Janes), an aggregates bolt-on in Texas. The Company recorded fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. As of December 31, 2025, the measurement period is closed. The goodwill generated by the transaction is deductible for income tax purposes. The acquisition is reported in the Company's West Group and is immaterial for other business combination disclosures, including pro-forma results of operations. In 2024, the Company completed acquisitions for total consideration of $ 1.6 billion, excluding the BWI Southeast transaction. On a combined basis, these acquisitions (excluding BWI Southeast) included $ 1.5 billion of property, plant and equipment (including $ 1.3 billion in mineral reserves), $ 123 million of goodwill, $ 28 million of other intangibles and $ 92 million of deferred income tax liabilities. Individually and on a combined basis, these acquisitions are immaterial for other business combination disclosures, including pro-forma results of operations. Divestitures On February 9, 2024, the Company completed the sale of its South Texas cement business and certain of its related ready mixed concrete operations to CRH Americas Materials, Inc., a subsidiary of CRH plc, for $ 2.1 billion in cash plus normal customary closing adjustments. Specifically, the divested facilities included the Hunter cement plant in New Braunfels, Texas, related cement distribution terminals and 20 ready mixed concrete plants that served the Austin and San Antonio region. The divestiture provided proceeds the Company used to consummate the BWI Southeast acquisition. The transaction resulted in a pretax gain of $ 1.3 billion , which is included in Other operating income, net , in the Company's consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024 and is exclusive of transaction expenses incurred due to the divestiture. The historical financial results of these divested operations and the gain on divestiture were reported in continuing operations for the West Group. On October 31, 2023, the Company completed the sale of its Tehachapi, California cement plant to UNACEM Corp S.A.A. for $ 315 million in cash. In connection with the divestiture, the Company recorded a $ 26 million pretax loss in discontinued operations. In May 2023, the Company divested its Stockton cement import terminal in California. Discontinued Operations In connection with the pending QUIKRETE asset exchange, the Company's Midlothian cement plant, related cement distribution terminals and Texas ready mixed concrete plants, which are part of the West Group, have been classified as assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 and their associated financial results are reported as discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of earnings for all periods presented. Form 10-K Page 83 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Additionally, the associated financial results for the Company's California cement operations, which were part of the Company's West Group, were reported as discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of earnings for 2023 through their respective divestiture dates. Financial results for the Company's discontinued operations are as follows: years ended December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Revenues $ 845 $ 874 $ 1,021 Cost of revenues 633 632 745 Gross profit $ 212 $ 242 $ 276 Pretax earnings from operations $ 189 $ 231 $ 250 Pretax loss on divestitures and sales of assets ( 24 ) Pretax earnings 189 231 226 Income tax expense 42 51 48 Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income tax expense $ 147 $ 180 $ 178 Cash flow information for the Company's discontinued operations is as follows: years ended December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 187 $ 232 $ 221 Additions to property, plant and equipment $ ( 89 ) $ ( 100 ) $ ( 102 ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ( 24 ) Proceeds from divestitures and sales of assets 8 6 376 Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities $ ( 81 ) $ ( 118 ) $ 274 Net cash used for financing activities $ ( 6 ) $ ( 6 ) $ ( 6 ) Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale Assets and liabilities held for sale at December 31, 2025 and 2024 included the Company's Midlothian cement plant, related cement distribution terminals, Texas ready mixed concrete plants and certain nonoperating land. Assets and liabilities held for sale are as follows: 2025 December 31 (in millions) Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations Total Inventories, net $ $ 98 $ 98 Investment land 11 11 Property, plant and equipment, net 486 486 Goodwill 374 374 Intangible assets, excluding goodwill 249 249 Operating lease right-of-use assets 10 10 Other assets 2 2 Total current assets held for sale $ 11 $ 1,219 $ 1,230 Lease obligations $ $ 22 $ 22 Other liabilities 12 12 Total current liabilities held for sale $ $ 34 $ 34 Form 10-K Page 84 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 2024 December 31 (in millions) Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations Total Inventories, net $ $ 1 $ 1 Investment land 8 8 Property, plant and equipment, net 6 6 Total current assets held for sale $ 8 $ 7 $ 15 Inventories, net $ $ 96 $ 96 Property, plant and equipment, net 443 443 Goodwill 374 374 Intangible assets, excluding goodwill 253 253 Operating lease right-of-use assets 10 10 Other assets 3 3 Total noncurrent assets held for sale $ $ 1,179 $ 1,179 Lease obligations $ $ 28 $ 28 Other liabilities 10 10 Total noncurrent liabilities held for sale $ $ 38 $ 38 Note C: Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets The following table shows the changes in goodwill by reportable segment and in total: December 31 East Group West Group Specialties Total (in millions) 2025 Balance at beginning of period $ 1,031 $ 2,362 $ $ 3,393 Acquisitions 5 209 214 Adjustments to purchase price allocations ( 1 ) 8 7 Balance at end of period $ 1,035 $ 2,370 $ 209 $ 3,614 2024 Balance at beginning of period $ 764 $ 2,625 $ $ 3,389 Acquisitions 267 111 378 Goodwill allocated to assets held for sale ( 374 ) ( 374 ) Balance at end of period $ 1,031 $ 2,362 $ $ 3,393 Form 10-K Page 85 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the following: December 31 Gross Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Balance (in millions) 2025 Noncompetition agreements $ 1 $ ( 1 ) $ Customer relationships 418 ( 99 ) 319 Operating permits 110 ( 33 ) 77 Use rights and other 29 ( 14 ) 15 Trade names 10 ( 5 ) 5 Total $ 568 $ ( 152 ) $ 416 2024 Noncompetition agreements $ 4 $ ( 4 ) $ Customer relationships 415 ( 79 ) 336 Operating permits 110 ( 30 ) 80 Use rights and other 29 ( 12 ) 17 Trade names 10 ( 4 ) 6 Total $ 568 $ ( 129 ) $ 439 Intangible assets deemed to have an indefinite life that are therefore not amortized consist of the following: December 31 Building Materials Business Specialties Total (in millions) 2025 Operating permits $ 7 $ $ 7 Use rights 29 29 Trade names 7 7 Total $ 36 $ 7 $ 43 2024 Operating permits $ 7 $ $ 7 Use rights 29 29 Trade names 2 2 Total $ 36 $ 2 $ 38 All intangible assets acquired during 2025 were from business combinations and are as follows: (in millions, except year data) Amount Weighted-average amortization period Subject to amortization: Customer relationships $ 3 8 years Total subject to amortization $ 3 8 years Not subject to amortization: Trade names 5 N/A Total $ 8 Amortization expense for intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 26 million, $ 23 million and $ 22 million , respectively. Form 10-K Page 86 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The estimated amortization expense for intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafter is as follows: (in millions) 2026 $ 25 2027 25 2028 25 2029 24 2030 23 Thereafter 294 Total $ 416 Note D: Accounts Receivable, Net December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 Customer receivables $ 715 $ 678 Other current receivables 15 8 Total accounts receivable 730 686 Less: allowance for estimated credit losses ( 7 ) ( 8 ) Accounts receivable, net $ 723 $ 678 Note E: Inventories, Net December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 Finished products $ 1,378 $ 1,316 Products in process 14 8 Raw materials 49 42 Supplies and expendable parts 124 106 Total inventories 1,565 1,472 Less: allowances ( 487 ) ( 454 ) Inventories, net $ 1,078 $ 1,018 Note F: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 Land and land improvements $ 1,929 $ 1,786 Mineral reserves and interests 6,529 6,306 Buildings 193 160 Machinery and equipment 5,992 5,451 Construction in progress 319 286 Finance lease right-of-use assets 368 253 Total property, plant and equipment 15,330 14,242 Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization ( 5,040 ) ( 4,582 ) Property, plant and equipment, net $ 10,290 $ 9,660 Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense related to property, plant and equipment w as $ 562 million, $ 482 million and $ 430 m illion for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense includes amortization of right-of-use assets from finance leases. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, $ 41 million and $ 40 million, respectively, of the Building Materials business property, plant and equipment, net, were located in The Bahamas and Canada. Form 10-K Page 87 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note G: Debt December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 7 % Debentures, due 2025 $ $ 125 3.450 % Senior Notes, due 2027 299 299 3.500 % Senior Notes, due 2027 493 493 2.500 % Senior Notes, due 2030 473 472 2.400 % Senior Notes, due 2031 891 890 5.150 % Senior Notes, due 2034 739 738 6.25 % Senior Notes, due 2037 229 228 4.250 % Senior Notes, due 2047 591 591 3.200 % Senior Notes, due 2051 851 851 5.500 % Senior Notes, due 2054 727 726 Trade Receivable Facility, interest rate of 4.57 % at December 31, 2025 30 Total debt 5,323 5,413 Less: current maturities ( 30 ) ( 125 ) Long-term debt $ 5,293 $ 5,288 On December 1, 2025, the Company used available liquidity to repay the $ 125 million of 7 % Debentures at maturity. On November 4, 2024, the Company issued $ 750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.150 % Senior Notes due 2034 (the 5.150% Senior Notes due 2034) and $ 750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.500 % Senior Notes due 2054 (the 5.500% Senior Notes due 2054) . A portion of the net proceeds of the 5.150% Senior Notes due 2034 and 5.500% Senior Notes due 2054 were used for the repayment of all borrowings outstanding under the Company s short-term borrowing facilities. The remaining net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, land purchases and other capital needs. The Company s 3.450 % Senior Notes due 2027 , 3.500 % Senior Notes due 2027 , 2.500 % Senior Notes due 2030 , 2.400 % Senior Notes due 2031 , 5.150 % Senior Notes due 2034 , 6.25 % Senior Notes due 2037 , 4.250 % Senior Notes due 2047 , 3.200 % Senior Notes due 2051 and 5.500 % Senior Notes due 2054 (collectively, the Senior Notes) are senior unsecured obligations of the Company, ranking equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future unsubordinated indebtedness. The Senior Notes, with the exception of the 6.25 % Senior Notes due 2037 , are redeemable prior to their respective par call dates, as defined, at a make-whole redemption price, and at a price equal to 100 % of the principal amount after their respective par call dates and prior to their respective maturity dates. The 6.25 % Senior Notes due 2037 are redeemable in whole at any time or in part from time to time at a make-whole redemption price. Upon a change-of-control repurchase event and a resulting below-investment-grade credit rating, the Company would be required to make an offer to repurchase all outstanding Senior Notes at a price in cash equal to 101 % of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. The Senior Notes are carried net of original issue discount, which is being amortized by the effective interest method over the life of the issue. The principal amount as of December 31, 2025, effective interest rate and maturity date for the Senior Notes are as follows: Principal Amount (in millions) Effective Interest Rate Maturity Date 3.450% Senior Notes $ 300 3.55 % June 1, 2027 3.500% Senior Notes $ 495 3.61 % December 15, 2027 2.500% Senior Notes $ 478 2.71 % March 15, 2030 2.400% Senior Notes $ 896 2.48 % July 15, 2031 5.150% Senior Notes $ 750 5.33 % December 1, 2034 6.25% Senior Notes $ 230 6.32 % May 1, 2037 4.250% Senior Notes $ 598 4.32 % December 15, 2047 3.200% Senior Notes $ 866 3.29 % July 15, 2051 5.500% Senior Notes $ 750 5.70 % December 1, 2054 Form 10-K Page 88 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The Company has a credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., PNC Bank, N.A., Truist Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, and the lenders party thereto (the Credit Agreement), which provides for a $ 800 million five-year senior unsecured revolving facility (the Revolving Facility) with a maturity date of December 21, 2030 . Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest, at the Company s option, at rates based upon the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) or a base rate, plus, for each rate, a margin determined in accordance with a ratings-based pricing grid. Any outstanding principal amounts, together with interest accrued thereon, are due in full on that maturity date. There wer e no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Facility as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. Available borrowings under the Revolving Facility are reduced by any outstanding letters of credit issued by the Company under the Revolving Facility. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had $ 3 million of outstanding letters of credit issued and $ 797 million available for borrowing under the Revolving Facility. The Company paid the bank group an upfront loan commitment fee that is being amortized over the life of the Revolving Facility. The Revolving Facility includes an annual facility fee. The Credit Agreement requires the Company s ratio of consolidated net debt-to-consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization, as defined, for the trailing-twelve months (the Ratio) to not exceed 3.50 x as of the end of any fiscal quarter, provided that the Company may exclude from the Ratio any debt incurred in connection with certain acquisitions during the quarter or three preceding quarters so long as the Ratio calculated without such exclusion does not exceed 4.00 x. Additionally, if no amounts are outstanding un der the Revolving Facility or the Company's trade receivable securitization facility (discussed later), consolidated debt, as defined, which includes debt for which the Company is a guarantor, shall be reduced in an amount equal to the lesser of $ 500 million or the sum of the Company s unrestricted cash and temporary investments, for purposes of the covenant calculation. The Company was in compliance with the Ratio at December 31, 2025. The Company, through a wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary, has a $ 400 million trade receivable securitization facility (the Trade Receivable Facility). On September 16, 2025, the Company extended the maturity to September 16, 2026 . The Trade Receivable Facility, with Truist Bank, Regions Bank, First Citizens Bank Trust Company, and certain other lenders that may become a party to the facility from time to time, is backed by eligible trade receivables, as defined. Borrowings are limited to the lesser of the facility limit or the borrowing base, as defined. These receivables are originated by the Company and then sold or contributed to the wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary. The Company continues to be responsible for the servicing and administration of the receivables purchased by the wholly-owned special-purpose subsidiary. Borrowings under the Trade Receivable Facility bear interest at a rate equal to Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (Adjusted Term SOFR), as defined, plus 0.7 %. The Trade Receivable Facility contains a cross-default provision to the Company s other debt agreements. Subject to certain conditions, including lenders providing the requisite commitments, the Trade Receivable Facility may be increased to a borrowing base not to exceed $ 600 million. The Company s long-term debt maturities for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows: (in millions) 2026 $ 30 2027 792 2028 2029 2030 473 Thereafter 4,028 Total $ 5,323 Note H: Financial Instruments The Company s financial instruments include temporary cash investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable, Trade Receivable Facility borrowings, publicly-registered long-term notes and debentures. Temporary cash investments are placed primarily in money market funds, money market demand deposit accounts and Eurodollar time deposit accounts with financial institutions. The Company s cash equivalents have maturities of less than three months. Due to the short maturity of these investments, they are carried on the consolidated balance sheets at cost, which approximates fair value. Form 10-K Page 89 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Accounts receivable are due from a large number of customers, primarily in the construction industry, and are dispersed across wide geographic and economic regions. However, accounts receivable are more heavily concentrated in certain states, namely Texas, North Carolina, Colorado, California, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, Arizona, Iowa, and Minnesota. The carrying values of accounts receivable approximates their fair values. Accounts payable represent amounts owed to suppliers and vendors. The estimated carrying value of accounts payable approximates its fair value due to the short-term nature of the payables. The carrying value and fair value of the Company s debt were $ 5.3 billion and $ 4.9 billi on, respectively, at December 31, 2025 and $ 5.4 billion and $ 4.8 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2024 (see Note G). Due to its short-term nature, the carrying value of Trade Receivable Facility borrowings approximates its fair value. The estimated fair value of the Company s publicly-registered long-term debt was estimated based on Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy using quoted market prices. Note I: Income Taxes The components of the Company s income tax expense from continuing operations are as follows: years ended December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Federal income taxes: Current $ 138 $ 539 $ 209 Deferred 56 ( 60 ) ( 9 ) Total federal income taxes 194 479 200 State income taxes: Current 31 77 37 Deferred 8 ( 6 ) ( 3 ) Total state income taxes 39 71 34 Foreign income taxes: Current 2 Deferred 1 Total current foreign income taxes 3 Income tax expense $ 236 $ 550 $ 234 The domestic and foreign components of pretax earnings from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: years ended December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Domestic $ 1,207 $ 2,353 $ 1,218 Foreign 19 13 8 Earnings from continuing operations before income tax expense $ 1,226 $ 2,366 $ 1,226 Form 10-K Page 90 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The Company s effective income tax rate on continuing operations varied from the statutory United States income tax rate due to the following tax differences: years ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 (in millions, except percentages) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent U.S. federal statutory tax rate $ 258 21.0 % $ 497 21.0 % $ 257 21.0 % State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax effect (a) 30 2.4 57 2.4 27 2.2 Foreign tax effects ( 1 ) ( 0.1 ) ( 2 ) ( 0.1 ) ( 5 ) ( 0.4 ) Tax credits: Railroad maintenance credits ( 13 ) ( 1.0 ) ( 10 ) ( 0.4 ) ( 9 ) ( 0.7 ) Other ( 6 ) ( 0.5 ) ( 10 ) ( 0.4 ) ( 6 ) ( 0.5 ) Nontaxable or nondeductible items: Goodwill write-off for divestiture 48 2.0 Other 6 0.5 5 0.2 2 0.2 Other adjustments: Effects of statutory depletion ( 38 ) ( 3.1 ) ( 35 ) ( 1.5 ) ( 32 ) ( 2.7 ) Effective income tax rate $ 236 19.2 % $ 550 23.2 % $ 234 19.1 % a) State taxes in California, Minnesota, Colorado, Texas, Georgia, and Florida made up the majority (greater than 50 percent) of the tax effect in this category in 2025; state taxes in California, Texas, and Colorado made up the majority of the tax effect in this category in 2024; and state taxes in Texas, California, Colorado, and Minnesota made up the majority of the tax effect in this category in 2023. The effect of changes in tax laws or rates enacted in the current period and changes in valuation allowances are immaterial. The higher 2024 effective income tax rate versus 2025 and 2023 was driven by the impact of the February 2024 divestiture of the South Texas cement business and certain related ready mixed concrete operations, which included the write-off of certain nondeductible goodwill. The statutory depletion deduction for all years is calculated as a percentage of revenues, subject to certain limitations. Due to these limitations, changes in the sales volumes and pretax earnings may not proportionately affect the Company s statutory depletion deduction and the corresponding impact on the effective income tax rate. The Company invests in renewable energy investment entities which qualify for tax credits and other tax benefits and are accounted for under the proportional amortization method. For the year ended December 31, 2025 , amortization of these investments plus income recapture, which are included in the line item Income tax expense in the consolidated statements of earnings, were $ 128 million and $ 5 million, respectively, and offset by $ 125 million of tax credits and $ 15 million of other tax benefits. For the year ended December 31, 2024 , amortization plus income recapture of similar investments were $ 148 million and $ 16 million, respectively, offset by $ 153 million of tax credits and $ 17 million of other tax benefits. For the year ended December 31, 2023 , amortization plus income recapture of similar investments were $ 26 million and $ 1 million, respectively, offset by $ 24 million of tax credits and $ 2 million of other tax benefits. As of December 31, 2025 , the Company has committed to additional equity contributions of $ 51 million for tax equity investments related to RETC projects, which are expected to be paid in 2026. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had committed to additional equity contributions of $ 44 million for tax equity investments related to RETC projects, which were paid in 2025. Unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 are recorded in the line item Unpaid commitments to limited liability companies on the consolidated balance sheets. The amounts of income taxes paid (refunded) by the Company are as follows: years ended December 31 (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Federal $ 141 $ 319 $ 249 State: Texas 14 * * Other 37 64 41 Foreign ( 1 ) 2 Income taxes paid, net of amounts refunded $ 192 $ 382 $ 292 * Jurisdiction below the threshold for the period presented. Form 10-K Page 91 Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The Internal Revenue Service provided certain disaster tax relief for North Carolina businesses affected by Hurricanes Debby and Helene, which allowed the Company to defer estimated federal and certain state income, payroll and excise tax payments for the period from August 2024 through September 2025. The deferred obligation was paid on September 25, 2025. On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) that, among other provisions, makes 100% bonus depreciation permanent, restores the ability to expense domestic research expenditures, and modifies the taxation of foreign earnings. The OBBBA is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's annual estimated income tax rate, but results in a reclassification between current taxes payable and deferred tax liabilities which is reflected in the year ended December 31, 2025. The principal components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: December 31 Deferred Assets (Liabilities) (in millions) 2025 2024 Deferred tax assets related to: Inventories $ 163 $ 147 Valuation and other reserves 65 65 Net operating loss carryforwards 3 2 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 18 41 Lease liabilities 171 147 Other items, net 2 13 Gross deferred tax assets 422 415 Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ( 1 ) ( 2 ) Total net deferred tax assets 421 413 Deferred tax liabilities related to: Property, plant and equipment ( 1,203 ) ( 1,158 ) Goodwill and other intangibles ( 212 ) ( 171 ) Right-of-use assets ( 167 ) ( 144 ) Partnerships and joint ventures ( 51 ) ( 47 ) Employee benefits ( 54 ) ( 62 ) Total deferred tax liabilities ( 1,687 ) ( 1,582 ) Deferred income taxes, net $ ( 1,266 ) $ ( 1,169 ) The Company had immaterial gross domestic federal net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards at both December 31, 2025 and 2024. The Company had gross domestic state NOL carryforwards of $ 42 million and $ 24 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively. The domestic federal and state carryforwards have various expiration dates through 2045 . The Company also had immaterial domestic state tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2025 and 2