=== VICI_2026-03-16.htm.gz ===
tm261334-1_nonfiling - none - 30.6374591s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12 VICI PROPERTIES INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS A LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS FROM THE CEO March 16, 2026 535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022 Telephone (646) 949-4631 Dear Fellow Stockholders, You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of VICI Properties Inc. on Tuesday, April 28, 2026, at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, which will be held solely by means of remote communication in a virtual meeting format and conducted via live audio webcast in order to continue to provide greater access and visibility to our stockholders. The virtual meeting has been designed to provide the same rights to participate as you would have at an in-person meeting. In addition, the virtual format provides the opportunity for participation by a broader group of our stockholders and enables the company to communicate more effectively with its stockholders who are able to participate from around the world. You can attend the Annual Meeting by Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VICI2026 by using the 16-digit control number that appears on your proxy card and the voting instruction form that accompanied your proxy materials. During this virtual meeting, you may ask questions and will be able to vote your shares electronically. You may submit a question in advance of the meeting at www.proxyvote.com after logging in with your control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice of Availability. You will also have the ability to submit questions in advance of the Annual Meeting through the meeting website. All questions submitted should be relevant to the matters properly addressed during this meeting. The business that will be conducted at the Annual Meeting is described in the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. Your Board of Directors is unanimously recommending a highly qualified, experienced, and actively engaged slate of nominees for election to the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting. Your Board s nominees are James R. Abrahamson, Diana F. Cantor, Monica H. Douglas, Elizabeth I. Holland, Craig Macnab, Edward B. Pitoniak and Michael D. Rumbolz. Your Board brings executive and financial leadership, a wide range of complementary skills and backgrounds relevant to the company s industry, strategy and commitment to creating long-term stockholder value. At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to: 1 2 3 Elect the seven members named in the accompanying proxy statement to serve on our Board of Directors Ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 Approve (on a non-binding, advisory basis) the compensation of our named executive officers In addition, you will be asked to transact any such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. The accompanying proxy statement provides a detailed description of these proposals and instructions on how to vote your shares. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, please vote as soon as possible. Instructions on how to vote are contained in the proxy statement. On behalf of the Board of Directors and our employees, we thank you for your continued interest in and support of our company. Sincerely, Edward B. Pitoniak Chief Executive Officer TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 2026 10:00 A.M., EASTERN TIME VIRTUAL MEETING ACCESS: WWW.VIRTUALSHAREHOLDERMEETING.COM/VICI2026 PROXY VOTING Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we urge you to vote your shares now as instructed in the proxy statement. To Our Stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend the virtual 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of VICI Properties Inc., at which stockholders will vote on the following proposals: Items of Business Board Recommends 1. Election of the seven director nominees named in the accompanying proxy statement FOR See page 8 2. Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 FOR See page 38 3. Approval (on a non-binding, advisory basis) of the compensation of our named executive officers FOR See page 44 Other business will be transacted as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. Record Date Stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 2, 2026 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and at any postponement or adjournment thereof. We have endeavored to provide stockholders attending the Annual Meeting with the same rights and opportunities to participate as they would have at an in-person meeting. This Notice of Annual Meeting and the accompanying proxy statement are first being made available to our stockholders on or about March 16, 2026. By Order of the Board of Directors, Samantha Sacks Gallagher Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary New York, New York March 16, 2026 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 28, 2026. The accompanying proxy statement and our 2025 Annual Report are available at https://investors.viciproperties.com/news-events/ annual-meeting . In addition, our stockholders may access this information, as well as submit their voting instructions, at www.proxyvote.com by having their proxy card and related instructions in hand. VOTING CAN BE COMPLETED IN MULTIPLE WAYS: BY INTERNET Go to www.proxyvote.com BY QR CODE Scan the QR code shown on your Proxy Card or Voting Instruction Form with your mobile device BY TELEPHONE Use the toll-free number shown on your Proxy Card or Voting Instruction Form BY MAIL Mark, sign, date and return the enclosed Proxy Card and related instructions in the postage-paid envelope DURING THE MEETING Vote through the virtual portal at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VICI2026 during the Annual Meeting TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY 1 Introduction to VICI 2 Our Board Nominees 3 Corporate Governance Snapshot 5 Corporate Responsibility Highlights 6 Executive Compensation Highlights 7 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 8 Director Nominees 9 Board and Committee Structure and Meetings 13 Director Independence 15 Board Governance and Effectiveness 15 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 20 Director Compensation Program 20 2025 Director Compensation 20 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS 21 Corporate Governance Profile 21 Corporate Governance Highlights and Timeline 22 Corporate Governance Policies and Documents 23 Board Committee Responsibilities 25 Communications with our Board of Directors 26 Stockholder Rights 26 Stockholder Engagement 27 Risk Oversight 28 Risk Management 29 Corporate Responsibility 30 PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 38 Evaluation of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 38 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures of our Audit Committee 39 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 39 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 40 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 41 Related Party Transactions Policy 41 Certain Relationships 41 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 42 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE MATTERS 43 Compensation Committee Report 43 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 43 PROPOSAL 3: NON-BINDING, ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 44 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 45 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 46 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 46 Executive Summary 46 Compensation Program Overview 48 Compensation Process 50 2025 Executive Compensation 52 Results from 2025 Say-on-Pay Vote 56 Results from 2024 Say-on-Frequency Vote 56 Other Compensation Program Elements and Policies 56 COMPENSATION TABLES AND ARRANGEMENTS 59 2025 Summary Compensation Table 59 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 60 Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End 61 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 62 Employment Agreements with Executive Officers 62 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 64 CEO Pay Ratio 66 PAY VS. PERFORMANCE 67 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 70 ABOUT THE MEETING: QUESTIONS ANSWERS 71 OTHER MATTERS 75 Annual Report 75 Changing the Way You Receive Proxy Materials in the Future 75 Householding of Proxy Materials 75 Stockholder Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting 75 Proxy Access Director Nominations 76 Other Matters to Come Before the 2026 Annual Meeting 76 APPENDIX 77 INDEX OF FREQUENTLY REFERENCED INFORMATION Individual Director Skills Matrix 4 Total Stockholder Return Benchmarking 47 Director Nominees 9 Peer Group and Benchmarking 50 Corporate Governance Matters 21 2025 STIP Award Opportunities and Results 52 Environmental Responsibility 33 2023 LTIP Performance-Based Award Results 55 Human Capital Management 36 Stock Ownership Guidelines 58 i TABLE OF CONTENTS Helpful Resources Where You Can Find More Information Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and Annual Report: https://investors.viciproperties.com/news-events/annual-meeting Virtual Meeting Access: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VICI2026 Voting Your Proxy via the Internet: www.proxyvote.com Stock Information Exchange: NYSE Ticker: VICI CUSIP: 925652109 Transfer Agent Computershare P.O. Box 43006 Providence, RI 02940-3006 (877) 373-6374 (781) 575-3100 www.computershare.com Team VICI https://viciproperties.com/about-us/team-vici/ Management Team https:// investors.viciproperties.com/corporate-governance/ management-team Board of Directors https:// investors.viciproperties.com/corporate-governance/ board-of-directors Communications with the Board Attn: Secretary VICI Properties Inc. 535 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10022 Investors Overview https://investors.viciproperties.com SEC Filings https:// investors.viciproperties.com/financial-information/ sec-filings Corporate Governance https:// investors.viciproperties.com/corporate-governance/ documents-charters Corporate Responsibility https:// investors.viciproperties.com/corporate-governance/ corporate-responsibility Delivery Preferences To change the way you receive proxy materials (electronic vs. paper), visit: www.proxyvote.com The above referenced webpages are not incorporated by reference herein. Definition of Certain Terms or Abbreviations ANNUAL MEETING Company / VICI VICI Properties Inc. Annual Meeting 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held on April 28, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. ET Proxy Card The card or form used by stockholders to submit their vote Record Date March 2, 2026; the date determining stockholders entitled to vote Notice of Availability The Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials mailed to our stockholders 2025 Annual Report Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 as filed on Form ARS with the SEC BUSINESS Board Board of Directors of VICI Properties Inc. CEO Chief Executive Officer CFO Chief Financial Officer COO Chief Operating Officer EVP Executive Vice President Deloitte Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm Nareit National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NYSE New York Stock Exchange REIT Real Estate Investment Trust SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission PERFORMANCE COMPENSATION AFFO Adjusted Funds from Operations (non-GAAP financial measure; see Appendix) FFO Funds from Operations (non-GAAP financial measure defined by Nareit; see Appendix) GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States LTIP Long-Term Incentive Program NEO Named Executive Officer PSU Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit RMZ MSCI US REIT Index Say-on-Pay Non-binding, advisory stockholder vote on executive compensation STIP Short-Term Incentive Plan TSR Total Stockholder Return CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOVERNANCE Committees The Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees of the Board GRI Global Reporting Initiative RECs Renewable energy credits SASB Sustainability Accounting Standards Board S P CSA S P Corporate Sustainability Assessment TCFD Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures UN SDGs United Nations Sustainable Development Goals ii VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS DATE AND TIME LOCATION RECORD DATE Tuesday, April 28, 2026 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time Live webcast accessible at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VICI2026 March 2, 2026 HOW TO VOTE BY INTERNET BY QR CODE BY TELEPHONE BY MAIL DURING THE MEETING Go to www.proxyvote.com Scan the QR code shown on your Proxy Card or Voting Instruction Form with your mobile device Use the toll-free number shown on your Proxy Card or Voting Instruction Form Mark, sign, date and return the enclosed Proxy Card and related instructions in the postage-paid envelope Vote through the virtual portal at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ VICI2026 during the Annual Meeting Annual Meeting Proposals Proposal Board Vote Recommendation Page Reference Proposal 1: Election of Directors FOR each nominee 8 Proposal 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR 38 Proposal 3: Non-binding, Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of Named Executive Officers FOR 44 General VICI ( we, us and our ) is utilizing the SEC rule that allows companies to furnish their proxy materials over the Internet. As a result, we mailed to our stockholders the Notice of Availability instead of a paper copy of the proxy materials (including the Proxy Card, this proxy statement (the Proxy Statement ) and our 2025 Annual Report) on or about March 16, 2026. We also provided access to our proxy materials over the Internet beginning on that date. The Notice of Availability contained instructions on how to access this Proxy Statement and the 2025 Annual Report and how to vote at the Annual Meeting, online, by QR code, or by toll-free number. Subsequent to receiving the Notice of Availability, all stockholders have the ability to access the proxy materials over the Internet and request to receive a paper copy of the proxy materials by mail. Additionally, stockholders can access a copy of the proxy materials at www.proxyvote.com. Our Board of Directors is soliciting proxies to be voted at the Annual Meeting. The Proxy Statement provides the information stockholders need to know to vote by proxy or in person (virtually) at the Annual Meeting. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY INTRODUCTION TO VICI VICI Properties is an S P 500 company that owns one of the largest portfolios of market-leading gaming, hospitality, wellness, entertainment and leisure destinations. For additional information, refer to our 2025 Annual Report. (1) AFFO per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a definition and reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, see the Appendix beginning on page 77 of this Proxy Statement. 2 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY OUR BOARD NOMINEES Our Board of Directors has a breadth of experience, a wide range of complementary skills and reflects a broad range of backgrounds and experiences relevant to our industry and strategy. We believe the partnership and oversight of a board of directors with proven executive and financial leadership experience are essential to creating long-term stockholder value. Below presents a snapshot of the expected composition of our Board immediately following the Annual Meeting. Board and Committee Membership Name Primary Occupation Director Since Tenure (Years) Age Independent Audit Compensation Nominating and Governance # of Other Public Company Boards James R. Abrahamson (1) Former Chair and CEO October 2017 9 70 1 Diana F. Cantor* Partner May 2018 8 68 1 Monica H. Douglas General Counsel February 2020 6 53 0 Elizabeth I. Holland* CEO January 2018 8 60 1 Craig Macnab* Former Chair and CEO October 2017 9 70 2 Edward B. Pitoniak (2) CEO October 2017 9 70 0 Michael D. Rumbolz* Former Chair and CEO October 2017 9 71 1 Committee Chair Committee Member (1) Mr. Abrahamson serves as our independent Chair of the Board. (2) Mr. Pitoniak serves as our Chief Executive Officer. * Audit committee financial expert. Snapshot of Board Profile (1) Comprised of the Chair of the Board and the chair of each committee of the Board. 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Individual Director Skills Matrix The matrix below represents some of the key qualifications, skills and experience that we have identified as particularly valuable to the effective oversight of the Company and the execution of our strategy, including with respect to each individual director. This matrix highlights the different perspectives and the depth and breadth of the qualifications, skills and experience of our current directors. We look to each director to be knowledgeable in all of these areas, and the absence of an indicator for a particular item does not mean a director nominee is less able to contribute to the Board s decision-making process or that the director nominee does not possess that skill or experience. Rather, the indicator represents that the item is a core competency that the director nominee brings to the Board. The table does not encompass all of a director nominee s skills or experience. Individual Skills / Qualifications James R. Abrahamson Diana Cantor Monica H. Douglas Elizabeth I. Holland Craig Macnab Edward B. Pitoniak Michael D. Rumbolz Total Capital Markets / M A / Investment Banking experience is valuable in understanding the role that transactional activity, capital markets and financing plays in our business and growth strategy. Finance / Accounting experience is helpful in understanding and overseeing our internal controls and financial reporting. Government Relations / Legal and Regulatory / Public Policy experience is beneficial in understanding the highly-regulated nature of the gaming industry and policy considerations. Risk Oversight and Management is vital to fulfilling the Board s role with respect to management oversight and risk mitigation. Strategic Planning and Leadership is beneficial in providing insights into the future growth and strategy of our Company. Other Public Company Board Experience contributes to an understanding of best-practice corporate governance and alternative approaches. CEO / Executive Management experience allows for a better understanding of management s perspective. Human Capital Management experience is essential to maintaining our culture and attracting, engaging and retaining employees. Executive Compensation experience is valuable in assessing the structure and design of our executive compensation program and practices. Environmental Sustainability experience is beneficial to an understanding of our impact on the environment and the impact of climate change on our business and portfolio. Social Responsibility experience is valuable in contributing to the advancement of our community engagement and other social initiatives. Corporate Governance experience is valuable in contributing to our continuing pursuit of best-in-class corporate governance practices. Cybersecurity and Information Technology experience is critical to an understanding of information security and risk management and emerging developments such as AI. Individual Industry Experience Consumer Discretionary Industry experience provides key insights with respect to consumer-facing sectors and related implications for our and our tenants businesses. Entertainment, Lodging and / or Hospitality experience provides a meaningful advantage in contributing to our strategic planning and growth. Gaming Industry experience is critical to understanding the perspectives of our tenants and considerations with respect to our core assets, as well as the continued evolution of gaming. REITs / Real Estate Industry experience is beneficial in understanding the processes and considerations that drive successful outcomes in our business model. International experience is beneficial in advising management with respect to expansion into international jurisdictions in alignment with its growth strategy. Technology Industry experience provides an advantage in understanding industry disruption and future trends related to the growth and evolution of the experiential sector. 4 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Corporate Governance Snapshot DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE COMPLIANCE STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS 86% of directors nominated for election are independent, all directors other than the CEO are independent. No material related party transactions or family relationships among directors and executive officers. All directors attended at least 75% of Board and applicable committee meetings in 2025 and earlier years. All directors are in compliance with robust stock ownership guidelines, 5x annual cash retainer. All directors elected annually since formation in 2017. No stockholder rights plan (poison pill). Opted out of Maryland Unsolicited Takeover Act (MUTA), Maryland Business Combination Statute and Control Share Acquisition Statute. Governance improvements driven by stockholder feedback: Market-standard proxy access (3% / 3-year / 20-stockholder group / 20% of Board). Majority voting standard for uncontested director elections. No supermajority voting requirements in bylaws. Stockholders may amend bylaws by simple majority vote and may call a special meeting without material restriction. DIRECTOR COMPOSITION AND EVALUATION PROCESS Annual Board, committee and individual director self-evaluation process administered by the Nominating and Governance Committee, with consideration to engage an independent evaluator at least every three years. Director retirement policy: directors who have turned or will turn 75 prior to the next annual meeting are expected to offer their resignation to the Nominating and Governance Committee. Mix of director tenure, skills and backgrounds provides a balance of experience and institutional knowledge with varied perspectives; three new directors appointed since formation in 2017 and committee roles refreshed in February 2025. BOARD LEADERSHIP Separate independent, non-executive Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer roles. Fully independent Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees; all Audit Committee members qualify as financial experts and no Compensation Committee interlocks. Regular executive sessions of non-management directors following each Board and committee meeting. Director commitments (overboarding) policy limits public company board service to no more than four (including VICI) public company boards (or two (including VICI) if a public company executive); and audit committee membership to no more than three audit committees (including VICI). CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY SUSTAINABILITY RISK GOVERNANCE Board and committee oversight: Nominating and Governance Committee oversight of environmental sustainability matters, and Compensation Committee oversight of human capital management. Framework reporting: Aligned with SASB, TCFD, and GRI indices included in annual Corporate Responsibility Report. Climate: Completed multiple scenario climate risk analysis across short-, medium- and long-term time frames detailed in annual Corporate Responsibility Report. Emissions: Report Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location- and market-based) emissions and available information regarding Scope 3 emissions; offset 100% of Scope 2 emissions from electricity through renewable energy credits for 2024 and 2025. Employee engagement: Seventh consecutive Great Place to Work certification with 100% employee participation and agreement; highly engaged human capital management programs and focus on engagement and culture. Systemic risk oversight: Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight; Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees each monitor risks within the scope of their charters. Cybersecurity and IT oversight: Audit Committee oversight of cybersecurity and information technology; internal AI Steering Committee formed in early 2025. Compensation risk policies: Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy; anti-hedging, anti-short sale and anti-pledging policies; no excise tax gross-ups; double-trigger change in control provisions. Stockholder engagement: Robust investor outreach program with ongoing touchpoints throughout year, differentiated messaging, and annual pre-proxy season engagement cycle; consistently strong 95%+ annual Say-on-Pay approval. 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY HIGHLIGHTS Operational Responsibility Emerging Topics Artificial Intelligence (AI): Formed an internal AI Steering Committee in early 2025, amended committee charter in April 2025 to clarify the scope of the Audit Committee s existing oversight role includes our utilization of AI tools and technology, and pursuing measured implementation of AI tools within operations and across our employee base Framework Reporting: Expanded our framework participation with inclusion of a new index in reference to the Global Reporting Initiative , in addition to our SASB Real Estate and TCFD aligned reporting, and participated in the S P Corporate Sustainability Assessment for the first time in 2025 Environmental Sustainability Climate : Completed a multiple scenario analysis of climate risk within our portfolio across short-, medium- and long-term time frames , including a broader evaluation of transition risks incorporating regulatory and community resilience assessments, and expanded our TCFD-aligned disclosure in our 2024-2025 Corporate Responsibility Report Emissions : Updated our calculation methodology and improved data collection for our Scope 1 and 2 inventory to refine and enhance our previously reported Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, and completed an initial Scope 3 screening exercise to identify additional relevant categories beyond downstream leased assets. Offset 100% of our 2024 and 2025 Scope 2 emissions from electricity usage through renewable energy credits (RECs) Sustainable Operations : Continued to invest in sustainability-oriented projects at our golf courses, including projects relating to water reduction, fuel and electricity reduction, waste reduction and recycling, and biodiversity initiatives, and received Audubon Sanctuary certification at Grand Bear Golf Club in April 2025 Social Responsibility Professional Development : Supported the continued development of our employees and engagement programs, including the growth of our VICI U and Lunch and Learn programs, dedicated sessions focused on public speaking and other professional growth opportunities, and development of a Professional Development Resource Guide for employees Corporate Citizenship : Continued to pursue our impact pillars of Community Support , Environmental Sustainability and Youth Development , held multiple company-wide volunteer events, continued to build relationships with organizations and explore community impact opportunities Employee Engagement : Received our seventh annual certification as a Great Place to Work with 100% of our employees agreeing that Taking everything into account, this is a great place to work and maintained a strong employee Net Promoter Score What s New Since Last Year? We are consistently striving to improve our understanding and approach to matters of importance to our investors and other stakeholders, as well as the scope, quality, and transparency of our related disclosure. New developments include: Governance Snapshot: Enhanced our summary of key corporate governance features and takeaways page 5 Board Oversight Roles: Enhanced disclosure regarding the Board s role in strategic planning and oversight, as well as management succession planning and development pages 14-15 Director Compensation: Enhanced disclosure regarding the director compensation program and benchmarking process page 20 Environmental Sustainability: Enhanced disclosure regarding our greenhouse gas emissions page 34 Business Performance: Expanded disclosure regarding our earnings and dividend growth since formation page 47 6 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS Executive Compensation Structure The following is an overview of the highlights of our compensation structure. Refer to At-Risk Performance-Based Compensation Structure on page 49 for additional information. 2025 Performance-Based Outcomes Summary (1) AFFO per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a definition and reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, see the Appendix beginning on page 77 of this Proxy Statement. 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS INTRODUCTION Our Board of Directors currently consists of seven members, all of whom have terms expiring at the Annual Meeting or until his or her earlier death, resignation, removal or a determination by the Board that such director no longer has the qualifications that are required by the Company s charter or bylaws. All of our directors will be nominated to serve until the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. At the Annual Meeting, stockholders will be asked to elect each of the director nominees to serve until the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation, removal or a determination by the Board that such director no longer has the qualifications that were required by the Company s charter or bylaws. Our Board, upon the recommendation of our Nominating and Governance Committee, has nominated the following individuals to serve as directors: James R. Abrahamson Monica H. Douglas Craig Macnab Michael D. Rumbolz Diana F. Cantor Elizabeth I. Holland Edward B. Pitoniak Each of the nominated persons currently serves as a member of the Board and has consented to being named in this Proxy Statement and to serve as a director, if elected. If any nominee is unavailable for election or service, the Board may designate a substitute nominee and the persons designated as proxy holders on the Proxy Card will vote for the substitute nominee recommended by the Board. We believe that each of our director nominees has the specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills necessary to serve as an effective director on our Board. A description of our process for identifying and evaluating director nominees, as well as our criteria for membership on our Board, is set forth under Director Candidate Qualification and Selection Process on page 16 of this Proxy Statement. Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote FOR each director nominee set forth below. Vote Required Under our bylaws, to be elected in an uncontested election, director nominees must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast, which means that the number of shares of common stock voted for a nominee must exceed the number of shares of common stock voted against that nominee. For purposes of the election of directors, abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the result of the vote, although they will be considered present for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum. If an incumbent director fails to be re-elected by a majority of votes cast, that director is required under our bylaws to tender his or her resignation to the Board. Any such resignation will take effect immediately upon its receipt. The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider promptly whether to fill the office of the nominee who has tendered a resignation and make a recommendation to the Board about filling the vacancy. The Board is required to act on the Nominating and Governance Committee s recommendation and publicly disclose its decision and its rationale within 90 days after the election results are certified. 8 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NOMINEES Below is the biographical information about the director nominees, including the specific characteristics that led to our Board of Directors and Nominating and Governance Committee to conclude that each should be nominated to serve as a director. In addition to the Key Skills and Qualifications listed below, please refer to page 4 of this Proxy Statement for the full Director Skills Matrix. JAMES R. ABRAHAMSON Former Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Interstate Hotels Resorts Independent Age: 70 Director Since: October 2017 Board Role: Chair Industry Experience: Entertainment, Lodging and/or Hospitality REITs/Real Estate International Biographical Information Serves as an independent director of BrightView Holdings Inc. (NYSE: BV), the largest provider of commercial landscape design and maintenance services in the United States since 2015, and served as interim President and Chief Executive Officer from June through September 2023. Served as Board Chair of Interstate Hotels Resorts ( Interstate ), the leading global hotel management company, from October 2016 until the sale of Interstate to Aimbridge Hospitality in October 2019, and previously served as Interstate s Chief Executive Officer and as a member of Interstate s Board from 2011 to March 2017. Served as an independent director of CorePoint Lodging Inc. (NYSE: CPLG), a leading mid-scale REIT, from its launch in 2018 until its sale in 2022; as independent director at LaQuinta Holdings (NYSE: LQ) from 2015 until its sale in 2018; and as an executive director of the Board of Directors of Intercontinental Hotels Group (LON: IHG) in 2010 and 2011. Previously held senior leadership positions with InterContinental Hotels Group (LON: IHG), Hyatt Corporation (NYSE: H), Marcus Corporation (NYSE: MCS) and Hilton Worldwide (NYSE: HLT) and served as President of the Marriott International National Association owners organization in 2017 and 2018; as Board Chair of the American Hotel and Lodging Association in 2015 and 2016; and as Board Chair of the U.S. Travel Association in 2013 and 2014. Holds a degree in Business Administration from the University of Minnesota. Reason for Nomination Mr. Abrahamson s vast experience in, and knowledge of, the hospitality industry provides our Board of Directors with valuable insight into the industry. Skills gained from extensive previous and current board service in public and private companies are also valuable for our Company and our Board of Directors. Key Skills/Qualifications Capital Markets / M A / Investment Banking Risk Oversight and Management Strategic Planning and Leadership Other Public Company Board Experience CEO / Executive Management DIANA F. CANTOR Partner, Alternative Investment Management, LLC Independent Age: 68 Director Since: May 2018 Board Committees: Audit (Chair) Nominating and Governance Industry Experience: Consumer Discretionary Entertainment, Lodging and/or Hospitality REITs/Real Estate International Technology Biographical Information Partner and member of the Board of Managers of Alternative Investment Management, LLC, an independent, privately-held investment firm with a focus on private equity and hedge funds since January 2010. Serves on the Board of Directors of Universal Corporation (NYSE: UVV) since 2012. Served on the Board of Directors of Domino s Pizza, Inc. (NYSE: DPZ) from October 2005 until her retirement in April 2025. Serves on the Board of Trustees for Dodge Cox Funds since October 2024, the Board of Directors of the VCU Health System Authority (where she chairs the Investment and Debt Committee), as well as Mauser Packaging Solutions and SCP Retirement Services (both private companies). Previously served on the Boards of Directors of Media General Inc., Revlon, Inc., Vistage International, Inc., Knowledge Universe Education LLC, Edelman Financial Services, LLC (previously The Edelman Financial Group Inc. (NASDAQ: EF)), Adore Me, and Service King Body and Paint LLC. Former Chair and served for 10 years as a Trustee of the Virginia Retirement System, where she served on the Audit and Compliance Committee. Served as a Managing Director with New York Private Bank and Trust from January 2008 through the end of 2009; as founding Chief Executive Officer of the Virginia College Savings Plan, the state s 529 college savings program, from 1996 to 2008; and as Vice President of Richmond Resources, Ltd. from 1990 through 1996, and as Vice President of Goldman, Sachs Co. from 1985 to 1990. Certified Public Accountant. Holds a J.D. from New York University School of Law, an MBA from the University of Miami and a B.S. in Accounting from the University of Florida. Reason for Nomination Ms. Cantor possesses extensive financial skills and experience and brings to the Board of Directors an important financial perspective. Ms. Cantor also provides valuable consumer product and marketing knowledge, as well as significant public company directorship experience, providing a valuable perspective to our Company and our Board of Directors. Key Skills/Qualifications Finance / Accounting Risk Oversight and Management Strategic Planning and Leadership Other Public Company Board Experience Cybersecurity and IT 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MONICA H. DOUGLAS General Counsel for The Coca-Cola Company Independent Age: 53 Director Since: February 2020 Board Committees: Compensation Nominating and Governance Industry Experience: Consumer Discretionary International Biographical Information Serves as General Counsel for The Coca-Cola Company, a global brand and beverage company a position she has held since April 2021. Prior to that, served as General Counsel, North America from January 2018 through April 2021, Legal Director in South Africa from September 2013 through December 2017 and as Vice-President of Supply Chain and Consumer Affairs from 2008 through 2013. Serves on the Board of Directors of the University of Michigan Alumni Association and the Board of Directors of Woodward Academy, a private K-12 school in Atlanta, Georgia. Holds a J.D. from Stanford Law School, and a B.A. from the University of Michigan. Reason for Nomination Ms. Douglas possesses extensive consumer branding knowledge, as well as significant governance and risk management experience, on an international scale, through her experience as a general counsel for one of the most recognizable global brands, all of which provide meaningful additional perspective to our Company and our Board of Directors. Key Skills/Qualifications Government Relations / Legal and Regulatory / Public Policy Risk Oversight and Management Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Cybersecurity and IT ELIZABETH I. HOLLAND Chief Executive Officer, Abbell Credit Corporation and Abbell Associates, LLC Independent Age: 60 Director Since: January 2018 Board Committees: Audit Nominating and Governance (Chair) Industry Experience: Entertainment, Lodging and/or Hospitality REITs/Real Estate Technology Biographical Information Serves as Chief Executive Officer of Abbell Credit Corporation and Abbell Associates, LLC, a more than 80 year-old privately held real estate acquisition, development and management company with a portfolio of shopping center, office and enclosed mall properties, since 1997; and as Chief Executive Officer of Consortial Technologies, LLC, a privately held software development company. Serves as an independent trustee of Federal Realty Investment Trust (NYSE: FRT), a leading shopping center REIT since January 2017, where she serves as Chairperson of the Compensation Committee and member of the Audit Committee. Active member of the International Council of Shopping Centers ( ICSC ), serving as the organization s Chair from 2016 to 2017, Vice Chair from 2015 to 2016, and currently serves on the Board of Trustees. Member of the Urban Land Institute and its CRC Blue Flight Council. Experience as a senior staff attorney on the National Bankruptcy Review where she was a member of a Congressional commission charged with making recommendations to the U.S. Congress for bankruptcy code reform; as a restructuring and business reorganization attorney at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP in New York City; and as a fixed income portfolio manager. Holds a J.D. from Brooklyn Law School and a B.A. from Hamilton College. Reason for Nomination Ms. Holland s retail real estate expertise and experience as Chair of ICSC provide valuable and complementary skill sets to our Board of Directors. Ms. Holland also provides valuable perspective and experience to our Company and our Board of Directors through her role as a chief executive officer in the real estate industry and as a director for another publicly traded REIT. Key Skills/Qualifications Finance / Accounting CEO / Executive Management Strategic Planning and Leadership Other Public Company Board Experience Corporate Governance 10 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS CRAIG MACNAB Former Chair and CEO, National Retail Properties, Inc. Independent Age: 70 Director Since: October 2017 Board Committees: Audit Compensation (Chair) Industry Experience: Entertainment, Lodging and/or Hospitality REITs/Real Estate International Technology Biographical Information Held the position of Chair and Chief Executive Officer of National Retail Properties, Inc. (NYSE: NNN), a real estate investment trust that acquires, owns, invests in and develops properties that are leased primarily to retail tenants, from 2008 (with his service as Chief Executive Officer beginning in 2004) until his retirement in April 2017. Serves as an independent director of Independence Realty Trust (NYSE: IRT) since February 2024, where he serves as a member of the Finance and Investment Committee and Risk Committee, and American Tower Corporation (NYSE: AMT) since 2014, where he currently serves as member of the Compensation Committee. Served as a director of Cadillac Fairview Corporation (a private company) from September 2011 through December 2022 and Forest City Realty Trust (NYSE: FCEA) from 2017 to 2018, Eclipsys Corporation from 2008 to 2014, and DDR Corp. (NYSE: DDR) from 2003 to 2015. Served as Chief Executive Officer and President of JDN Realty, a publicly traded real estate investment trust, from 2000 to 2003. Holds an MBA from Drexel University and a Bachelor s degree in Economics and Accounting from the University of the Witwatersrand. Reason for Nomination Mr. Macnab brings extensive financial, strategic and management experience leading a publicly held REIT in the retail sector, as well as a broad skill set and perspective gained from extensive public and private company board experience. Key Skills/Qualifications Strategic Planning and Leadership Other Public Company Board Experience CEO / Executive Management Human Capital Management Executive Compensation EDWARD B. PITONIAK Chief Executive Officer, VICI Properties Inc. Age: 70 Director Since: October 2017 Board Committees: None Industry Experience: Consumer Discretionary Entertainment, Lodging and/or Hospitality REITs/Real Estate International Biographical Information Appointed as our Chief Executive Officer on October 6, 2017. Served as Vice Chair of Realterm, a private equity real estate manager based in Annapolis, Maryland, that invests in logistics real estate, from January 2015 to July 2017. Served as an independent director on the Board of Directors of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (NYSE: RBA), a global asset management and disposition company from July 2006 to May 2019; and as a director of Regal Lifestyle Communities (TSE: RLC), a Canadian senior housing real estate owner and operator, from 2012 until its sale in 2015. Served as Chair and Trustee of InnVest, a publicly listed REIT, from February 2015 to August 2016, when the REIT was sold and taken private, and served as Managing Director, Acting Chief Executive Officer and Trustee of InnVest from April 2014 to February 2015, where he was responsible for recapitalizing the REIT and transitioning its management function from an external, third-party management model to an internal management model. Served as President and Chief Executive Officer and Director of bcIMC Hospitality Group, a hotel property and brand ownership entity (formerly a public income trust called Canadian Hotel Income Properties Real Estate Investment Trust ( CHIP )), where he was employed from 2004 to his retirement in 2009. As Chief Executive Officer of CHIP, he led the company to four consecutive years of total return leadership among Canadian hotel REITs, and then to a sale in 2007. Mr. Pitoniak was also a member of CHIP s Board of Trustees before it went private. Prior to joining CHIP, served as a Senior Vice President at Intrawest Corporation, a ski and golf resort operator and developer, for nearly eight years. Before Intrawest, spent nine years with Times Mirror Magazines, where he served as editor-in-chief and associate publisher with Ski Magazine. Holds a B.A. from Amherst College. Reason for Nomination Mr. Pitoniak provides our Board of Directors with valuable experience in the hospitality, entertainment and real estate industries and, in particular, with respect to publicly held REITs. Our Company and our Board of Directors also benefit from Mr. Pitoniak s extensive previous board service. In addition, Mr. Pitoniak s position as our Chief Executive Officer since our formation allows him to advise our Board of Directors on management s perspective over a full range of issues affecting the Company. Key Skills/Qualifications Risk Oversight and Management Strategic Planning and Leadership Other Public Company Board Experience CEO / Executive Management Human Capital Management 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MICHAEL D. RUMBOLZ Former CEO and Executive Chair of the Board of Directors, Everi Holdings Inc. Independent Age: 71 Director Since: October 2017 Board Committees: Audit Compensation Industry Experience: Consumer Discretionary Entertainment, Lodging and/or Hospitality Gaming International Technology Biographical Information Served as Executive Chair of the Board of Directors of Everi Holdings Inc., a developer of gaming products and services, from April 2022 until its acquisition in July 2025, and as Chair of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer from March 2020 to April 2022, President and Chief Executive Officer from May 2016 through March 2020, and Independent Member of the Board of Directors from 2010 through May 2016. Serves as an independent director of Seminole Hard Rock Entertainment, LLC since 2008. Served as the Chair of the American Gaming Association for a two-year term from January 2024 until January 2026. Inducted into the American Gaming Association s Gaming Hall of Fame Class of 2022 in recognition of his contributions to the gaming industry over the past 40 years. Served as Chair of the Board of Directors of Employers Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: EIG), from 2005 until May 2020, and as Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Cash Systems, Inc. (NSDQ: CKNN), a provider of cash access services to the gaming industry, from 2005 until 2008 when Cash Systems, Inc. was acquired by Everi Holdings. Served as former Vice Chair of the Board of Casino Data Systems until it was sold in 2001, President and CEO of Anchor Gaming from 1995 to 2000, Director of Development for Circus Enterprises (later Mandalay Bay Group) from 1992 to 1995, and President of Casino Windsor at the time of its opening in Windsor, Ontario in 1995. From time to time provided consulting services and held a number of public and private sector employment positions in the gaming industry, including serving as Member and Chair of the Nevada Gaming Control Board from 1985 through 1988 and as former Chief Deputy Attorney General of the State of Nevada. Holds a J.D. from the University of Southern California and a B.A. in political science from the University of Nevada Las Vegas. Reason for Nomination Mr. Rumbolz s experience in the highly regulated gaming industry, both as an operator and as a regulator, provides a valuable perspective and practical insight to our Company and our Board of Directors. Our Company and our Board of Directors also benefit from Mr. Rumbolz s current and extensive prior public and private board service. Key Skills/Qualifications Risk Oversight and Management CEO / Executive Management Human Capital Management Executive Compensation Cybersecurity and IT There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 12 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS BOARD AND COMMITTEE STRUCTURE AND MEETINGS Board Committee Structure and Membership Our Board of Directors has three standing committees: the Audit Committee; the Compensation Committee; and the Nominating and Governance Committee. Our committees are composed entirely of independent directors as defined under the rules, regulations and listing qualifications of the NYSE. From time to time, our Board may also create additional committees for such purposes as our Board may determine. The table below provides information with respect to membership and meetings held for the Board and each of the Board committees as of the date of this Proxy Statement: Director Board of Directors Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Governance Committee James R. Abrahamson (1) Diana F. Cantor* Monica H. Douglas Elizabeth I. Holland* Craig Macnab* Edward B. Pitoniak (2) Michael D. Rumbolz* Number of Meetings Held in 2025 8 4 5 4 Board/Committee Chair Board/Committee Member (1) Mr. Abrahamson serves as our independent Chair of the Board. (2) Mr. Pitoniak also serves as our Chief Executive Officer. * Audit committee financial expert Leadership Structure of our Board of Directors At the present time, the Board of Directors believes that a structure that separates the roles of Chair and Chief Executive Officer is most appropriate for the Company and that the Chair should serve in an independent, non-executive role. However, the Board reserves the right to determine the appropriate leadership structure for the Board on a case-by-case basis, taking into account at any particular time the Board s assessment of its and the Company s needs, as well as the people and situation involved. If in the future the Board, after considering relevant facts and circumstances at that time, appoints the Chief Executive Officer as Chair, we will promptly publicly disclose the appointment. The Board believes that having an independent director serve as the Chair is the appropriate leadership structure for our Company at this time because it allows our Chief Executive Officer to focus on executing our Company s strategic plan and managing our operations and performance, while allowing the Chair to focus on the effectiveness of the Board and provide independent oversight of our senior management team. The Chair of the Board s responsibilities include, among other things: Serving as chair of our annual meeting of stockholders and calling special meetings of stockholders, Calling meetings of the Board and acting as chair of such meetings, Participating in informal meetings with stockholders beyond engagement at the annual meeting, and Regularly engaging with the Chief Executive Officer, chairs of committees of the Board of Directors, and other members of the Board regarding issues related to the structure and operation of the Board of Directors. As a result of the current separation between the roles of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (where the current Chair is an independent director) and the composition of our Board, the Board has determined that no lead independent director is necessary at this time. In the event that the Chair of our Board is no longer independent, we expect that our Board would appoint a lead independent director and further delineate their role and responsibilities in such capacity. 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Attendance Annual Meetings of Stockholders All seven of our directors serving on the Board attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that, absent exigent circumstances, all directors are expected to attend the Company s annual meetings of stockholders. Board and Committee Meetings For 2025, all directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of the Board, and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which each individual serves (during the periods that such individual served). In addition to the scheduled Board and committee meetings, our Board and its committees acted by written consent from time to time as appropriate. Management Engagement Our directors are also frequently consulted by management for advice and counsel and to receive informational updates, including in connection with potential transactions and strategic initiatives or important developments with respect to key topics between formal meetings of our Board or any of its committees. Each of our directors possesses relevant experience in key areas related to our business, including the entertainment, lodging and hospitality sectors, gaming and regulatory engagement, real estate management and development, or international investments and operations, pursuant to which we periodically seek their experience and insight outside of our scheduled meeting calendar. In addition, many of our directors bring their valuable perspective from experience in other public and private company board of directors roles, as well as their experience in a chief executive officer or other executive officer role, to these individual discussions. Committee Meeting Engagement With respect to Committee meetings, all of our independent directors are invited to attend and actively participate in meetings of committees of which they are not a member. Independent directors that are not members of a committee and attend and participate in meetings of such committee do not count for purposes of establishing a quorum and may not vote on any matter presented to such committee. The Board believes that this practice encourages communication and broader participation among members of the Board, resulting in strong alignment and efficiency with respect to committee decision-making processes. Executive Sessions of Non-Management Directors Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards, in order to promote open discussion among non-management directors, the non-management directors regularly meet in executive session without management participation. The executive sessions occur after each regularly scheduled meeting of the entire Board, after each regularly scheduled committee meeting at the election of the respective committee chair, and at such other times that the non-management directors deem necessary or appropriate. The Chair of the Board, or, in the absence of the Chair of the Board, the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee presides at such sessions for the Board; in the absence of such committee chair, the non-management directors present will elect another committee chair to preside at such session. If the group of non-management directors includes any directors who are not independent (as such term is defined from time to time under the listing standards of the NYSE), an executive session of the independent directors shall be scheduled at least once per year. Currently, all of our non-management directors are independent. Board Oversight of Strategic Matters The Board reserves time at each quarterly meeting of the Board (and other meetings, as appropriate) for updates and related discussions regarding our long-term strategy, as well as roundtable discussions regarding individual perspectives of developments in gaming, hospitality, leisure, wellness, entertainment, and other experiential sectors. In addition, the Board s strategic planning and oversight is reinforced with an annual session dedicated to a discussion of the Company s long-term strategy, which is typically held off-site at one of the Company s experiential properties in order to allow for firsthand engagement with our tenants operations and experiential offerings. 14 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board Oversight of Management Succession Planning One of the Board s key functions relates to corporate and management succession planning, in particular with respect to the Chief Executive Officer and his direct reports. The Board regularly discusses succession matters during executive sessions, including in the event of a potential emergency and an announced retirement or other departure. In such context, the Board also focuses on management development in experience and skill growth, with the Chief Executive Officer providing an integral contribution to development and succession planning for his direct reports. As part of this planning, the Board focuses on whether the Company has the right people in place to execute our long-term strategic plans, and on our ability to identify, attract, develop, promote and retain future senior executives. An important element of the succession planning across the organization is a commitment to building leadership from within the Company. Emerging leaders gain exposure and visibility to Board members through formal presentations at Board and committee meetings, as well as through informal events. Director Independence Independence Determinations by Our Board of Directors Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a majority of our directors serving on our Board of Directors must be independent as required by the listing standards of the NYSE. We define independent director by reference to the rules, regulations and listing qualifications of the NYSE. In general, a director is deemed independent if the director has no material relationships with our Company. Our Board, after broadly considering all relevant facts and circumstances, including with respect to (i) the past and current relationships, if any, of each director with the Company and (ii) the commercial, industrial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable and familial relationships of each director, has affirmatively determined that all of the Company s non-employee directors, Messrs. Abrahamson, Macnab and Rumbolz and Mses. Cantor, Douglas and Holland are independent directors. In making these determinations, the Board reviewed the non-employee directors relationships, if any, with us, as well as the additional criteria set forth above, and determined that there are no material relationships with our Company. Board Governance and Effectiveness Our Board believes that improving its effectiveness is an ongoing process that requires thoughtful planning and selection, effective engagement, thorough self-evaluation, and implementation of effective policies to advance the Board s function. Our Board continues to evolve and adapt in order to drive the Company s strategic direction. This ongoing process is outlined in five major phases and described in more detail below. On at least an annual basis, our Nominating and Governance Committee considers the appropriate size, composition and representation on our Board of Directors and its committees and makes recommendations to the Board with respect to such matters. Our Nominating and Governance Committee continues to believe that our current Board is well suited to support the Company and its strategic objectives. In particular, the Nominating and Governance Committee believes that our current Board represents an appropriate distribution of backgrounds, skills, qualifications and experience to oversee and advise management with respect to, among other things, the Company s long-term strategy, transactional opportunities, and enterprise risk management. The Board has not adopted a policy setting a target Board size and continues to believe that the current size of the Board supports the highly productive, engaged function of the Board, although the Nominating and Governance Committee and/or the Board may in the future determine to adjust the size of the Board at their discretion, such as in connection with identifying a highly qualified candidate. 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Selection Process . Our Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for recommending director candidates and nominees to the full Board, in collaboration with the Chair of the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee seeks to identify potential candidates on an ongoing basis, with the goal of identifying and informally approaching possible director candidates in advance of actual need, based on input provided by a number of sources, including (i) incumbent members of the Board, (ii) officers and employees of the Company, (iii) stockholders of the Company, and (iv) other corporate governance, market, and industry participants. As part of the candidate identification process, the Nominating and Governance Committee reevaluates the skills, experience and backgrounds of the current Board, and reconsiders whether there are additional skills, experience or backgrounds that should be added to complement the composition of the existing Board. Once director candidates have been identified, the Nominating and Governance Committee will then evaluate each candidate in light of his or her qualifications and credentials, and any additional factors that the Nominating and Governance Committee deems necessary or appropriate. Existing directors who are being considered for re-nomination will be re-evaluated as part of the Nominating and Governance Committee s annual process of recommending director candidates. Director Qualifications . Our Corporate Governance Guidelines contain the membership criteria for our Board. Among other attributes, directors or director candidates should have: (i) integrity, strength of character, vision, imagination and loyalty to the Company and its stockholders, (ii) independent, practical and mature judgment, with the ability to evaluate and appraise objectively the Company s strategies and financial position and possess the necessary governance experience and relevant skills to fulfill the role of fiduciary oversight, (iii) substantial business experience and strong financial acumen, with practical application to the Company s needs, (iv) the willingness and ability to make a significant commitment of time and attention to the Board s processes and affairs, including meetings and preparation, (v) the ability to work with fellow directors as members of a collegial group, without necessarily always agreeing with them, and the ability to provide guidance, relevant insights and support to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and senior management team, (vi) an absence of conflicts of interest that would interfere with Board service, (vii) the ability to secure relevant licenses required, and (viii) a commitment to having a meaningful, long-term equity ownership stake in the Company in compliance with the Company s director stock ownership guidelines. 16 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Director Expectations and Director Commitments. Directors are expected to prepare for, attend regularly and participate actively and constructively at meetings of the Board and its committees. Directors are expected to review the material that is distributed in advance of any Board or committee meeting. On at least an annual basis and in connection with the nomination of new Director candidates, the Board will consider other commitments, including board service, in assessing each director s and potential candidate s ability to serve on the Board and fulfill his or her responsibilities. In particular, the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board shall evaluate whether simultaneous service on other boards of directors adversely affects the Director s ability to devote sufficient time and attention to his or her responsibilities and to effectively serve the Company, taking into account the Director s roles and responsibilities with respect to such other boards of directors, as well as applicable governance and voting standards with respect to service on multiple boards of directors. Each director is expected to notify the Chair of the Board and the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee in advance of accepting an invitation to serve as a member of another public company board of directors or as a member of another public company s audit committee. Overboarding Policy Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, without the consent of the Board, a Director may not serve on the boards of directors of more than four public companies (including the Company) or, if the Director is an executive officer of a public company, on the boards of directors of more than two public companies (including the Company). A Director who serves on the Audit Committee may not simultaneously serve on the audit committee of more than three public companies (including the Company) without prior approval of the Board. Recruiting and Pipeline Development Strategy. We endeavor to have a Board of Directors that represents a broad range of different backgrounds, experiences, expertise, perspective, skills and contacts, and a range of tenures that are appropriate given the Company s current and anticipated circumstances and that, collectively, enable the Board to perform its oversight function effectively. While we believe we have assembled a highly qualified Board, supported by third-party recognition of their collective qualifications and continued stockholder support in connection with their annual reelection, we continue to monitor the broad pool of potential directors for those candidates who would augment our existing composition and further our commitment to board excellence. Refer to Director Retirement, Refreshment and Succession Planning below for additional information. Other Considerations . The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider the optimal size and composition of the Board and identify and screen candidates qualified to serve on the Board, consistent with the criteria approved by the Board, including considering suggestions for Board membership submitted by stockholders in accordance with the notice provisions and procedures set forth in the Company s bylaws. The Nominating and Governance Committee will also consider the Board s current distribution of professional backgrounds and industry experience in evaluating potential Director candidates. After completing the identification and evaluation process, the Nominating and Governance Committee will recommend to the Board the nomination of a number of candidates equal to the number of director vacancies that will exist at the annual meeting of stockholders. The Board will then select the director nominees for stockholders to consider and vote upon at the annual meeting of stockholders. Stockholder Recommendations for Board Nominations. Our Nominating and Governance Committee considers properly submitted stockholder recommendations for candidates for membership on our Board complying with procedural requirements that are set forth in the Company s bylaws or may be communicated to stockholders from time to time. The recommendation should be addressed to the Secretary, VICI Properties Inc., 535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. Orientation and Onboarding. We provide each new director with a comprehensive set of materials, including our organizational structure, corporate policies and procedures, and additional information on gaming regulatory compliance and other areas pertinent to our operations. We also encourage meaningful in-person engagement with members of the management team and other members of the Board to provide a new director with the opportunity to enhance their familiarity with our business and strategy. Director Education . Our Director Continuing Education Principles set forth our guiding principles with respect to ensuring that the stockholders of the Company are best served by a Board comprised of individuals who thoroughly comprehend the role and responsibilities of, and maintain the core competencies necessary for, an effective Board in its oversight of the Company and its ability to drive long-term corporate success. To that end, all members of the Board are encouraged to: engage in such director education programs as they deem appropriate (given their individual backgrounds); remain informed of emerging issues and trends relevant to board governance, service and practices; monitor developments in the industries relevant to the Company; and pursue experience relevant to their contribution to the Board generally, as well as their responsibilities through their specific assignments to committees of the Board. We have provided our directors with access to educational resources through our membership in a national director membership organization, although directors are encouraged to exercise independent judgement regarding the continuing education opportunities that they elect to pursue. We reimburse directors for the costs of attending and/or engaging in director education programs. 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board, committee and individual director evaluations play a critical role in ensuring the effective functioning of our Board. It is important to take stock of Board, committee and individual director performance and to solicit and act upon feedback received from each member of our Board. To this end, the Board, each committee and each director annually conduct a comprehensive self-assessment process. Noted below are the high-level steps of the Board and committee self-assessment process. Board, Committee and Director Evaluations: A Multi-Step Process Topics Considered During Board Committee Evaluations Include: Review of Evaluation Process The chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee, with the assistance of the EVP, General Counsel and Secretary, periodically reviews the evaluation process to ensure that actionable feedback is solicited on the operation of our Board and its committees, as well as director performance. Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers engaging an external evaluator to facilitate the process at least every three years (most recently in the third quarter of 2022). In 2025, the Nominating and Governance Committee determined to maintain the internally performed evaluation process and to revisit the potential engagement of an external evaluator in the third quarter of 2026 in order to maximize the efficacy and value of such engagement in the overall Board lifecycle. Engagement Tailored questionnaires for the Board and each committee are reviewed and updated by the chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee, with the assistance of the EVP, General Counsel and Secretary and in consultation with the Chair of the Board and the other committee chairs, prior to distribution to each of the directors. Topics include the following: Board and Committee Responsibilities and Effectiveness; Board and Committee Structure, Composition and Size; Access to Resources, including Management and Outside Advisors; Board Culture; Strategic Oversight; Content and Quality of Board/Committee Materials and Information; Risk Assessment and Management; and Succession Planning. Director Performance Individual director performance (self-assessment and peer assessment) Chair of the Board (in that role) Each committee chair in that role Board and Committee Operations Board and committee composition, including skills, experience, background and expertise Committee structure, including the division of responsibilities between the Board and its committees Access to management and employees of the company, as well as outside advisors Conduct of meetings, including time allocated for, and encouragement of, constructive and candid dialogue Materials and presentations, including content, quality and timeliness One-on-One Discussions The Chair of the Board meets with each director individually. These one-on-one discussions provide further opportunity for candid discussions to solicit additional feedback regarding Board, committee and individual performance and effectiveness. Evaluation Summary and Feedback Summaries of Board and committee questionnaire responses, as well as additional feedback received through one-on-one discussions, are provided to the Board and each committee (as applicable). The Board and each committee review the results and findings of the self-evaluation process in executive sessions. Board Performance Effectiveness in advising and engaging with management Oversight of corporate culture Appropriate focus on stockholder value Strategic oversight, including risks related thereto Crisis preparedness Director succession planning Responsive and Ongoing Feedback Policies and practices updated as appropriate as a result of the director feedback. Areas in which Board and Committee feedback has led to further focus and enhancement include: Additional pre-read materials provided to directors to facilitate their meeting preparation and review; Revisit and refinement of a potential director profile for Board succession planning; and Continued attention on strategic and related risk matters in regular Board engagement. Directors provide ongoing, real-time feedback outside of the annual evaluation process. Committee Performance Performance of committee duties under committee charter Effectiveness of each committee in advising the Board on issues allocated to it under the committee charter Use and effectiveness of advisors and experts to assist the committee in discharging its duties and responsibilities (as applicable) Effectiveness of each committee monitoring the implementation of its policies and recommendations 18 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Board of Directors believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to refresh Board membership when appropriate, but not to constrain the Board with a mandatory retirement age that does not take individual circumstances into consideration, including a director s unique qualifications, contributions, skills or relationships. Accordingly, a director who has turned 75, or who will turn 75 prior to the next annual meeting of stockholders, will be expected to offer their resignation to the Nominating and Governance Committee at least six months prior to the next annual meeting of stockholders to be effective at such annual meeting. The presumption would be that the offer would be accepted and that the director would not be nominated for re-election at the next annual meeting. However, the Board reserves the right, based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, to nominate such director for re-election if it believes, under the circumstances, that such director is likely to continue to make important contributions to the Board, and that such director s continued service on the Board is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Although we do not have term limits or a mandatory retirement age for our directors, our Board remains committed to periodic board refreshment. Consistent with this belief, we have appointed three new directors since our formation in 2017. The Board also believes in regular rotation in the selection of committee and committee chair roles, balanced with the value of consistency in leadership to maintain each committee s regular and efficient function. To fulfill this objective, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers the periodic rotation of committee members and committee chairs to introduce fresh perspectives and broaden and diversify the views and experience represented on the Board s committees. Consistent with that belief, our Board most recently determined to refresh its committee membership in February 2025 by expanding the Audit Committee to four members and rotating certain existing committee roles among the directors. As a result of the most recent rotation, each of the Board s independent directors (with the exception of Mr. Abrahamson, the Independent Chair) serve on two of the Board s three standing committees. Led by our Nominating and Governance Committee, our Board regularly evaluates the needs of the Company with respect to director succession planning and considers the potential for new or additional directors intended to bring fresh perspectives, skill sets and ideas, as well as industry and professional experience, that add value to the current composition and functioning of the Board. Among other aspects of these evaluations, the Nominating and Governance Committee: identifies the collective mix of desired backgrounds, skills, and experience for our Board, taken as a whole, and identifies potential opportunities for enhancement in light of the needs of our organization, including the Company s business strategy and long-term goals; considers each current director s experience, skills, principal occupation, reputation, independence, age, tenure, committee membership and background; and considers the results of our annual Board, Committee and Director self-evaluations, as well as feedback received from interviews of each director performed by our independent Chair of the Board. As noted above under Review of Board Composition , the Board continues to believe that our current Board is well suited to support the Company and its strategic objectives, representing an appropriate distribution of backgrounds, skills, qualifications and experiences. Nonetheless, in conjunction with its recurring review of Board and committee composition and in order to maintain a Board with an appropriate mix of experience and qualifications, the Board (led by the Nominating and Governance Committee) engages in an ongoing process to identify and evaluate, as appropriate, potential new director candidates, including through an assessment of the skills, experiences, and qualifications that the Board would prioritize in assessing such potential director candidates. Such ongoing evaluation involves detailed consideration of the nature of the Company s business model, strategic focus, and operations balanced against the suitability of the range of potential qualifications of an individual director candidate. 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Director Compensation Program The Compensation Committee oversees and annually reviews the non-employee director compensation program, with the assistance of its independent compensation consultant, for continued alignment with comparable companies and sound governance practices to ensure such program remains sufficiently competitive to attract and retain highly qualified non-employee directors capable of making significant contributions to the long-term success of our Company. Each of our non-employee directors receives the following compensation for their service on the Board of Directors pursuant to our director compensation program, which was most recently updated in April 2025. Non-Employee Director Annual Compensation Amount Board Service Retainer Board Service Retainers Chair Member Annual Cash Retainer $100,000 Annual Equity Retainer Grant (1) $200,000 Additional Independent Chair Retainer $200,000 Committee Service Retainers Audit Committee $40,000 $20,000 Compensation Committee $25,000 $15,000 Nominating and Governance Committee $25,000 $12,500 (1) The annual equity grant is payable in restricted common stock, which vests on an annual meeting-to-annual meeting basis in order to align with each director s term of service. Each director may elect, before the year in which such election is to be effective, whether to receive the additional annual retainers for chair and committee service for that year in cash, equity or a combination thereof. In addition, our directors may elect to defer some or all of their compensation pursuant to a deferral plan, consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 2025 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The following table summarizes all compensation for our non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards (1) Other Compensation Total Compensation James R. Abrahamson $ 191,826 $ 291,826 $ $ 483,652 Diana F. Cantor $ 100,000 $ 251,682 $ $ 351,682 Monica H. Douglas $ 109,452 $ 214,178 $ $ 323,630 Elizabeth I. Holland $ 117,346 $ 226,019 $ $ 343,365 Craig Macnab $ 100,000 $ 245,000 $ 23,340 (2 ) $ 368,340 Michael D. Rumbolz $ 100,000 $ 231,949 $ $ 331,949 (1) The amounts in the Stock Awards column reflect the aggregate grant fair value in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 13 Stock Based Compensation of the consolidated financial statements included in our 2025 Annual Report. On April 29, 2025, each director received their annual restricted stock award with a value of $200,000 covering the period from April 29, 2025 (the date of the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders) to April 28, 2026 (the date of the Annual Meeting). The cash component of their annual compensation, as well as the additional annual retainers that each director is entitled to receive for their service on committees and in leadership roles (which they receive in a mix of stock and cash at their election), are paid on a quarterly basis. (2) Represents a one-time reimbursement of expenses incurred in connection with tax preparation services relating to director compensation, inclusive of a $9,285 tax gross-up payment. 20 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PROFILE Our commitment to corporate governance is integral to our business and reflects not only regulatory requirements, NYSE listing standards and broadly recognized governance practices, but also effective leadership and oversight by our senior management team and Board of Directors. We have structured our corporate governance in a manner that we believe closely aligns our interests with those of our stockholders. Notable features of our corporate governance framework include the following: WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DON T DO 86% Independent Directors. Six of our seven directors standing for election have been determined by our Board to be independent as defined by the NYSE listing standards. No Classified Board. Our directors are elected annually for one-year terms. Independent Chair and Entirely Independent Committees. Our Chair of the Board is an independent director, which strengthens the role of our independent directors and encourages independent Board leadership. All of the members of our Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees are independent. No Poison Pill or Stockholder Rights Plan. We do not have a poison pill or stockholder rights plan, and, in the event we determine to adopt such a plan, we will seek stockholder approval prior to, or in certain circumstances within twelve months following, such adoption by our Board. Annual Board, Committee and Director Self-Assessments. The Board and each committee annually conduct a comprehensive self-assessment process and consider engaging an independent evaluator at least every three years. Opted Out of Maryland Anti-Takeover Statutes. We have elected not to be subject to the Maryland Unsolicited Takeover Act (MUTA), Maryland Business Combination Statute and the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Statute, and any change to such elections must be approved by our stockholders. Majority Voting for Directors. Directors are elected in uncontested elections by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast. No Material Related Party Transactions or Relationships. We do not currently have any material related party transactions. In addition, no immediate family relationships exist among any of our directors or executive officers. Systemic Risk Oversight by Board and Committees. Our Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight, while our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees each monitor and address risks within the scope of their particular expertise or charter. No Selective Disclosure of Information. We have a Corporate Disclosure Policy applicable to directors, officers and employees to ensure timely, transparent, consistent and accurate financial and other information is provided to the investing community on a non-selective basis. Audit Committee Financial Experts. All of the members of our Audit Committee qualify as audit committee financial experts as defined by the SEC. No Option Trading or Short Selling of Our Securities. None of our directors and officers are permitted to trade in options, warrants, puts and calls or similar instruments on Company securities or sell Company securities short . Robust Executive Officer and Director Stock Ownership Guidelines. Our amended stock ownership guidelines require each of our executive officers and directors to accumulate and hold a significant amount of shares and exclude unearned performance-based equity from qualification as ownership. No Hedging or Pledging of Our Securities. Our anti-hedging policy prohibits our directors and officers from engaging in any hedging or monetization transactions involving our securities. In addition, none of our executive officers or directors are permitted to purchase our securities on margin or pledge our securities as collateral for margin or other loans. Market-Standard Proxy Access. A stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, that continuously hold 3% or more of our shares for at least three years may nominate up to the greater of two directors and 20% of directors, and such nominees will appear on the same ballot as the nominees recommended by our Board, subject to applicable requirements set forth in our bylaws. No Limits on Stockholder Ability to Amend Bylaws. Our stockholders are empowered to amend, alter or repeal any provision in our bylaws upon the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast. 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS AND TIMELINE We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance, which we believe promotes long-term value creation, transparency and accountability to our stockholders. Because corporate governance practices evolve over time, based on our ongoing evaluation of best practices and investor feedback on our governance practices, we have consistently implemented governance and disclosure enhancements since our formation in 2017. Set forth below are key highlights of our corporate governance efforts since our formation: 22 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE We are committed to sustainable corporate governance practices that promote long-term value creation, transparency and accountability to our stockholders. Our high-level corporate governance structure, including our employee-led initiatives and external advisors, are presented below. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE POLICIES AND DOCUMENTS Our corporate governance framework is a set of principles, guidelines, policies, and practices that support ethical and responsible business practices and long-term value creation for our stockholders. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth a flexible framework within which the Board, assisted by its committees, directs the affairs of the Company and reflect the Board s commitment to monitoring the effectiveness of decision-making at the Board and management level and ensuring adherence to good corporate governance principles. Topics covered include, among other things: Director and Director Candidate Responsibilities and Qualifications Board Composition and Committee Structure Director Orientation and Continuing Education Executive and Director Stock Ownership Guidelines Interaction with Stockholders and Interested Parties Board and Management Succession Planning Board, Committee, and Director Self-Evaluations The Nominating and Governance Committee periodically reviews the Corporate Governance Guidelines, which were most recently amended in February 2025. Code of Business Conduct Our Code of Business Conduct applies to our directors, officers and other employees and is designed to: deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; promote full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in our SEC reports and other public communications; expressly state our commitment to an inclusive workplace and accompanying employment practices and decisions; ensure compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; establish an expectation of fair dealing with our competitors, tenants, borrowers, managers of our properties, suppliers and employees; and encourage prompt internal reporting of violations to the appropriate persons and advocate for accountability for adherence to the Code of Business Conduct. Our Board of Directors periodically reviews the Code of Business Conduct, which was most recently amended in February 2025. Only our Board, or a committee designated by the Board, is able to approve any waiver of the Code of Business Conduct for our executive officers or directors, and any such waiver shall be promptly disclosed as required by law, stock exchange regulations or the requirements of the SEC. Any substantive amendments to or waivers from any provision of the Code of Business Conduct applicable to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer will be posted under the section Investors Corporate Governance on our website at www.viciproperties.com. During the year ended December 31, 2025, our Board (or any committee thereof) did not approve any waiver of the Code of Business Conduct. 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Additional Policies Political Contributions and Engagement Our Code of Business Conduct includes policies relating to political contributions by the Company and Company personnel. Company personnel are encouraged to participate in political activities on their own time and at their own expense, and in a manner consistent with applicable law and the Company s applicable policies. However, Company assets, facilities and resources may not be used for political purposes except in accordance with applicable laws and Company policies and after approval by the Board. The Code of Business Conduct also strictly prohibits making illegal payments to government officials of any country, including under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits giving anything of value, directly or indirectly, to officials of foreign governments or foreign political candidates in order to obtain or retain business, and similar federal, state and local rules, as well as those of foreign governments. The Company may from time to time maintain membership in certain trade groups or industry associations who independently engage in political activity. Although a portion of membership dues paid to such organizations may be used for lobbying and other political activities as described herein, the Company does not direct any such funds. Trade and Industry Association Involvement In 2025, VICI paid a total of approximately $450,000 in membership dues to the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit) and the American Gaming Association (AGA), approximately 23% of which was allocated by the respective organizations to lobbying and political activities. Except for such portion of these dues (which are not directed by VICI), VICI did not expend corporate resources for political advocacy purposes in 2025. Our Political Contribution Policy governs the political engagement of Company personnel under applicable regulatory requirements. In particular, the Political Contribution Policy provides for the implementation of internal safeguards to prevent unlawful political contributions by the Company and our officers, employees and directors who are licensed or have applied for a gaming license in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we are licensed, due to the highly regulated nature of the gaming industry in which we operate. Our Board periodically reviews the Political Contribution Policy. Responsible Supplier Principles Our Responsible Supplier Principles are designed to outline our expectations for the responsible business practices of our third-party suppliers. The Responsible Supplier Principles include our expectation that our third-party suppliers (i) comply with all applicable laws and regulations, (ii) have a commitment to providing equal opportunity, (iii) institute and enforce policies prohibiting harassment and discrimination, (iv) prohibit forced labor and abuse of labor, including human trafficking, (v) prohibit child labor, (vi) comply with all applicable local and national wage, work hours, overtime and benefits laws, and (vii) support environmental sustainability and business integrity. Our Board periodically reviews the Responsible Supplier Principles for changes in our business and any legal or regulatory requirements. Whistleblower Policy Our Whistleblower Policy establishes procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding improper or questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing and other matters involving the Company with a secure, independent whistleblower hotline and website to ensure the confidential, anonymous submission of such complaints. Since implementation of the Whistleblower Policy, we have received no material complaints or submissions through our whistleblower reporting process. Where to Find our Corporate Governance Documents and Policies You are encouraged to visit our Corporate Governance website at https://investors.viciproperties.com/corporate-governance/documents-charters to view or obtain copies of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, committee charters, and certain corporate policies, including our Code of Business Conduct. You may also obtain, free of charge, a copy of each of these documents by directing your request in writing to Secretary, VICI Properties Inc., 535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. In addition, you are encouraged to visit our Corporate Responsibility portal on our website at https://investors.viciproperties.com/corporate-governance/corporate-responsibility to view our Corporate Responsibility statements and policies described above. Additional information relating to the corporate governance of our Company is also set forth below and included in other sections of this Proxy Statement. 24 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS BOARD COMMITTEE RESPONSIBILITIES Our Board of Directors includes three committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee. The following descriptions reflect each committee s membership and Chair as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Our Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee is independent as defined by our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards applicable to boards of directors generally and audit and compensation committees in particular, as applicable. Audit Committee Fully Independent Meetings Held in 2025: 4 Diana F. Cantor (Chair) * Elizabeth I. Holland * Craig Macnab * Michael D. Rumbolz * Key Responsibilities: Review the integrity of our financial statements and financial reporting processes, including our internal audit controls; Monitor our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including applicable gaming regulations; Oversee the performance of our internal audit function; Evaluate the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditor; Review our continued qualification as a REIT; Oversee, in connection with the Board, our enterprise risk assessment and risk management programs; Review and oversee our cybersecurity and information technology risk exposures and the potential impact to the Company, including with respect to the use of AI tools and technology to the extent material to our business and operations; and Maintain oversight of our independent auditor, including each annual audit and quarterly review. * Audit Committee Financial Expert as determined by our Board in accordance with SEC rules. Compensation Committee Fully Independent Meetings Held in 2025: 5 Craig Macnab (Chair) Monica H. Douglas Michael D. Rumbolz Key Responsibilities: Review and approve the compensation and benefits of our executive officers, non-executive employees and directors; Administer and make recommendations to our Board regarding approval of our incentive compensation and equity-based plans; Produce an annual report on executive compensation and annual compensation committee report; Periodically review our general employee compensation philosophy, policies and practices to ensure they are appropriate and do not incent unnecessary risk-taking; Periodically review our human capital management programs, including those relating to employee compensation practices, employee benefits, and employee recruitment and retention; Administer our incentive compensation clawback policy; and Engage external or internal compensation consultants, legal, accounting or other advisors, with sole authority and appropriate funding to retain and oversee such consultants in the performance of its responsibilities. 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Nominating and Governance Committee Fully Independent Meetings Held in 2025: 4 Elizabeth I. Holland (Chair) Diana F. Cantor Monica H. Douglas Key Responsibilities: Establish criteria for prospective members of our Board, conduct candidate searches and interviews, and formally propose the slate of directors to be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders; Review our corporate governance policies, practices and initiatives and monitor our compliance with the applicable corporate governance requirements of state and Federal law and the rules of the NYSE, including developing and reviewing our Corporate Governance Guidelines and other corporate governance matters, our Code of Business Conduct and related items, our Charter and Bylaws, and our policies with respect to conflicts of interest; Review and recommend to the Board the appropriate size, structure, and composition of the Board and its standing committees, as well as the membership of such committees, including a chair for each committee; Oversee and evaluate our Board and management on an annual basis; Evaluate from time to time the appropriate size and composition of our Board and committees and recommend, as appropriate, increases, decreases and changes in the composition of our Board and such committees; and Review and oversee our environmental sustainability and corporate social responsibility policies, goals and initiatives, and make recommendations, as appropriate, to the Board based on such review. The duties and responsibilities of each committee are more fully described in the respective committee charter, each of which is available on the Company s website at www.viciproperties.com , under the heading Investors Governance Documents Charters . COMMUNICATIONS WITH OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS We have a process by which stockholders and/or other parties may communicate with our Board of Directors, our non-management directors as a group, any committee of the Board or any individual director by e-mail or regular mail. Any such communication may be made anonymously. Communications sent by regular mail should be sent to Secretary, VICI Properties Inc., 535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. All communications by e-mail should be sent to corporate.secretary@viciproperties.com . The Company s Secretary will review each communication received in accordance with this process who will then forward such communications or a summary thereof to the appropriate directors. Any communication related to accounting, internal controls or auditing matters will be brought promptly to the attention of the Chair of the Audit Committee. STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS Proxy Access Our bylaws permit a stockholder (or a group of up to twenty (20) stockholders) owning 3% or more of our outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate the greater of up to two directors and a number of directors constituting up to 20% of our Board for inclusion in our proxy materials for election at any annual meeting of the stockholders, subject to certain procedural, eligibility and disclosure requirements set forth in our bylaws. For more information on using proxy access to nominate directors, refer to Proxy Access Director Nominations on page 76 of this Proxy Statement. Stockholder Rights Plans Under our bylaws, the Board shall not authorize or adopt any stockholder rights plan or similar plan or agreement without the prior approval of the Company s stockholders, unless any such plan or agreement would be submitted to the Company s stockholders to be ratified or, in the absence of such stockholder approval or ratification, would expire within twelve months of its adoption. 26 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT We take pride in our robust stockholder engagement program. Our core engagement principle is to develop and maintain strong relationships with our stockholders to ensure that we understand and consider their focus issues and provide necessary information needed for their investment decisions and continued ownership. To that end, we regularly communicate on matters relating to our business, strategy and performance, corporate governance, board composition and structure, executive compensation program and Corporate Responsibility initiatives. 2025 Stockholder Engagement Highlights 200+ institutional investors met 25 conferences attended 5 property tours hosted 1 international 5 domestic non-deal roadshows hosted Annual Cycle of Outreach and Engagement For our 2025/2026 pre-proxy season outreach cycle, we contacted our top 30 stockholders , representing the holders of more than 70% of our outstanding equity. In addition, feedback regarding corporate governance and other proxy-related matters from stockholder engagements in 2025 and early 2026 has encouraged us to: continue to enhance our climate risk evaluation efforts and related disclosure; and maintain the quantitative, straightforward and highly stockholder-aligned structure of our short-term and long-term incentive programs. On a regular basis, we relay stockholder feedback from the foregoing engagements and trends on corporate governance, environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and executive compensation developments to our Board and its committees. 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS RISK OVERSIGHT THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for risk oversight , including, as part of regular Board and committee meetings, general oversight of executive leadership s management of risks relevant to the Company, which is informed by regular reports from our management team that are designed to provide visibility into our key risks and our risk mitigation strategies. In this regard, the Board seeks to identify, understand, analyze and oversee critical business risks. Overall responsibility for risk oversight Development of business strategy Leadership of management succession planning Business conduct and regulatory compliance oversight Oversight of Enterprise Risk Management matters Board committees report on specific risk oversight responsibilities While the full Board has primary responsibility for risk oversight, its committees, as appropriate, monitor and address risks that may be within the scope of a particular committee s expertise or charter. Our Board uses the committees to assist in risk oversight as follows: AUDIT COMMITTEE KEY RISK RESPONSIBILITIES COMPENSATION COMMITTEE KEY RISK RESPONSIBILITIES NOMINATING AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE KEY RISK RESPONSIBILITIES Integrity of our financial statements and financial reporting process, including our internal audit function; Legal and regulatory compliance, including the Company s ownership of gaming-entitled real estate and continued qualification as a REIT; Evaluation of the independence of our independent auditors; Oversight, in connection with the Board, of our Enterprise Risk Management framework; Policies and transactions related to certain swaps and other derivatives transactions; and Cybersecurity and information technology risk exposures (including with respect to AI tools and technology). Compensation of executive officers, non-executive employees and directors; Incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans; Human capital management programs, including those relating to employee compensation practices, employee benefits, and employee recruitment and retention; Engagement with stockholders and proxy advisory firms on executive compensation matters; and Incentive compensation clawback policy. General operations of the Board; Director and management succession planning; Compliance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines and applicable laws and regulations, including applicable rules of the NYSE; Corporate governance-related risk, including review of our corporate governance policies and systems; and Environmental sustainability and corporate social responsibility policies, goals and initiatives. MANAGEMENT While the Board and its committees oversee risk management as part of an ongoing process, management is charged with identifying and managing risk (including through the implementation of appropriate risk management strategies). Management periodically reports to the Board and its committees, as appropriate, on the material risks to the Company, including any major strategic, operational, regulatory and external risks inherent in the Company s business and the policies and procedures with respect to such risks. KEY STRATEGY AND RISK OVERSIGHT AREAS Business Strategy Capital Allocation Investment Stewardship Capital Deployment Lease Administration and Asset Management Tax Structuring and REIT Compliance Experiential Operating Environment Cybersecurity Regulatory Compliance Human Capital Management Key Person Dependency Corporate Responsibility 28 VICI PROPERTIES INC. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS RISK MANAGEMENT Enterprise Risk Management Framework Our Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) framework is premised on actively monitoring the Company s risk profile, ensuring the involvement of management, the Board of Directors and key employees in evaluating and addressing risk, and maintaining effective policies, controls, and procedures to manage risk and pursue our strategic priorities. On an annual basis, management performs an ERM assessment in conjunction with the Audit Committee and Board and with the assistance of external advisors. Management Role Board and Committee Role Ongoing Management monitors identified and emerging risks under the ERM framework and manages such risks in the ordinary course operation of the business. The Board and its committees receive briefings, as appropriate, with respect to assessments, procedures, and controls completed or implemented in response to new and emerging risks. Annual Assessment On an annual basis, management (with the input of the Board and external advisors) refreshes the ERM assessment to reevaluate the spectrum of potential risks to our business and strategic priorities and incorporate new and emerging risks, and further evaluates the existing risks identified under our ERM framework, as well as any potential enhancements to the methodology utilized in such evaluation. Our Board participates in the annual reassessment process, including through interviews. The Audit Committee and Board collectively review and discuss the results of the annual ERM assessment with executive leadership and key employees. Quarterly Review On a quarterly basis, management and key employees review the risks identified in the Company s risk assessment, including with respect to risk drivers, mitigants and trends impacting such risks, as well as emerging risks. At each quarterly meeting, the Audit Committee reviews the updated assessment of identified risks, including key drivers, mitigants, and trends. In addition to our ERM process and framework set forth above, we incorporate risk management practices into other areas of our business and operations, including: Long-Term Strategy The Board, executive leadership and members of the Management Committee evaluate and discuss key risks relating to the long-term strategy of the Company. Legal and Regulatory Compliance The Audit Committee oversees the Company s ongoing compliance with applicable gaming regulatory requirements and licensure, financial covenants and reporting, listing exchange rules, and other applicable obligations. Corporate Governance Management monitors certain corporate governance items on an ongoing basis, including developments with respect to key topic areas, and reports to the Nominating and Governance Committee with respect to any updates. Vendor / Supplier Engagement We utilize a leading SaaS-based third-party risk management platform that facilitates the appropriate evaluation, due diligence, onboarding, monitoring and management of vendors/suppliers. Tenant / Borrower Performance Review Executive leadership and key employees regularly review the financial reporting provided by tenants/borrowers in accordance with our lease and loan agreements and evaluate, among other things, property performance, tenant credit quality, and rent coverage. Compensation The Compensation Committee evaluates (with the assistance of its independent compensation consultant) risks relating to the Company s compensation of executive officers, employees, and directors. Internal Audit As a component of our overall control framework, we perform internal audit projects focusing on one or more top identified risks. Any findings or potential improvement opportunities are integrated into our ongoing risk management, with updates provided to the Audit Committee as appropriate. Transactional Due Diligence In addition to our financial underwriting, we perform due diligence across a broad spectrum of topic areas, including real estate, financial, market, governance and compliance (including anti-corruption/anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, political exposure, and sanctions), environmental and climate-risk related considerations. 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY We are committed to sustainable business practices that encourage a culture of operational, environmental and social responsibility through our business activities regardless of geographic location, within the scope of our capabilities, and consistent with applicable laws and regulations and our Code of Business Conduct and other policies. Oversight and Governance Corporate Responsibility Committee . Our Corporate Responsibility Committee, comprised of employees across functional areas and professional levels, including our Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel, meets on a regular basis to consider, implement and oversee our Corporate Responsibility strategy and initiatives. Members of our Corporate Responsibility Working Group, a subset of the Corporate Responsibility Committee, engage more frequently to progress these initiatives. In addition, representatives of the Corporate Responsibility Committee report to the Nominating and Governance Committee on a quarterly basis, and more frequently as necessary, on key updates and developments with respect to our Corporate Responsibility initiatives. Board Oversight. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things, reviewing and overseeing our environmental sustainability and corporate social responsibility policies, goals, and initiatives. The Nominating and Governance Committee has direct oversight of the Corporate Responsibility Committee. Each of the Board and the Audit and Compensation Committees are also responsible for certain areas within our broader Corporate Responsibility program. Refer to our 2024-2025 Corporate Responsibility Report for additional information with respect to our Corporate Responsibility governance and programs. Pillars of Corporate Responsibility 2025 Developments 