=== VICI_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We are and expect to continue to be significantly dependent on our tenants for substantially all of our revenues and, because our tenants are required to pay a significant portion of their cash flow from operations to us pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, our respective lease agreements and other agreements with them, an event that has a material adverse effect on any of our significant tenants could have a material adverse effect on us. Financial difficulties experienced by any of our tenants, borrowers or guarantors, including their potential bankruptcy or insolvency, could result in defaults under, or requests to modify or terminate, their lease agreements, related guarantees or loan agreements, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business. We are dependent on the gaming industry and may be susceptible to risks associated with it, including heightened competition, regulatory developments, changes in consumer behavior and discretionary spending, and the overall macroeconomic environment and outlook. Because a concentrated portion of our revenues are generated from the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a company that is more geographically diversified. Our pursuit of acquisitions of, and investments in, experiential assets and other strategic opportunities are in a highly competitive industry and may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations, and we may not identify all potential costs and liabilities in connection with such acquisitions or investments. Our lending activities carry distinct risks compared to our acquisition and leasing of real estate, including with respect to development and construction loans for non-stabilized properties, which carry additional risks, including cost overruns, completion delays, operational underperformance, and other issues that could have a material adverse effect on us. We and our tenants face extensive regulation from gaming and other regulatory authorities, and our charter provides that any of our shares held by investors who are found to be unsuitable by state gaming regulatory authorities are subject to redemption, which may delay or prohibit a change in control. Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our gaming properties or the consummation of transactions, which could result in periods in which we are unable to receive rent related to, or otherwise realize the benefits of, such transactions. We are subject to additional risks from our investments located outside the United States or on tribal land. Our long-term, triple-net leases include rent escalations over specified periods that will generally continue to apply regardless of the amount of cash flows generated by the properties subject to such lease agreements, and such lease agreements may not result in fair market lease rates over time. Our ability to sell, dispose of and use our properties may be limited by the contractual terms of our lease agreements, tax protection agreements or other agreements with our tenants, or otherwise impacted by matters relating to our real estate ownership. We are exposed to risks related to certain of our properties that are subject to ground and use lease arrangements. We may elect not to, or not be able to, purchase properties pursuant to our rights under certain agreements, including put-call, call right, right of first refusal, right of first offer and similar agreements, including if we are unable to obtain financing on attractive terms, or at all. Our business is subject to risks associated with the potential sale or divestiture of properties or assets in the event we elect to pursue such sale or divestiture after an evaluation of our portfolio of businesses, including loss of revenue and lower-than-expected proceeds. 1 Table of Contents Our properties and the properties securing our loans are subject to risks from natural disasters and other adverse or extreme weather conditions, including the physical effects of climate change. Our business is subject to risks associated with environmental compliance, including as a result of climate change laws and regulations and the transition to a lower carbon economy, and potential costs and liabilities associated with such compliance may materially impair the value of certain real estate properties owned by us. We or our tenants may experience uninsured or underinsured losses, which could result in a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property, decrease anticipated future revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expenses. Terrorist attacks or other acts of violence may affect our properties or our tenants businesses and operations at such properties. The loss of the services of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face risks associated with cybersecurity incidents and other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems or those IT networks and systems of third parties. Properties within our portfolio are, and properties that we may acquire in the future are likely to be, operated and promoted under certain trademarks and brand names that we do not own. The market price and trading volume of shares of our common stock may be volatile. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Financing We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, and expect to incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness exposes us to the risk of default under our debt obligations, increases the risks associated with a downturn in our business or in the businesses of our tenants, and requires us to use a significant portion of our cash to service our debt obligations. Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, including heightened interest rates and uncertainty regarding future interest rates, have and may continue to negatively affect us. Disruption in the equity and debt capital markets may adversely affect our ability to access external funding for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements and adverse changes in our credit ratings may affect our borrowing terms and capacity. A breach or default of covenants in our debt agreements could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. We have engaged and may engage in hedging or other derivative transactions that may limit gains or result in losses. Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT We may incur adverse tax consequences if we have failed or fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive opportunities and limit our expansion opportunities, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. If VICI OP fails to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a REIT and suffer other adverse tax consequences. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure VICI is a holding company with no direct operations and relies on distributions received from VICI OP to make distributions to its stockholders. Certain provisions in our charter and bylaws, as well as certain provisions of Maryland law, may delay, defer or prevent an acquisition of our common stock or a change in control. ITEM 1. Business We are a Maryland corporation that is primarily engaged in the business of owning and acquiring gaming, hospitality, wellness, entertainment and leisure destinations, subject to long-term triple net leases. As of December 31, 2025, we own 93 experiential assets across a geographically diverse portfolio consisting of 54 gaming properties and 39 other experiential properties across the United States and Canada, including Caesars Palace Las Vegas, MGM Grand and the Venetian Resort Las Vegas (the Venetian Resort ), three of the most iconic entertainment facilities on the Las Vegas Strip. Our gaming and entertainment facilities are leased to leading brands that seek to drive consumer loyalty and value with guests through superior services, experiences, products and continuous innovation. Across approximately 127 million square feet, our well-maintained properties 2 Table of Contents are curren tly located across urban, destination and drive-to markets in twenty-six states and Canada, contain approximately 60,300 hotel rooms and feature over 500 restaurants, bars, nightclubs and sportsbooks. As of December 31, 2025, our properties are 100% leased with a weighted average lease term, including extension options, of approximately 39.6 years . We also have a growing array of real estate and financing partnerships with leading developers and operators in other experiential sectors, including Cabot, Cain, Canyon Ranch, Chelsea Piers, Great Wolf Resorts, Homefield, Kalahari Resorts and Lucky Strike Entertainment. This portfolio includes certain real estate debt investments which were originated for strategic purposes, including (i) the potential to convert our investment into the ownership of the underlying real estate, (ii) the opportunity to develop relationships with owners and operators that may lead to other investments in experiential asset classes that fit within our investment policies and objectives, and (iii) the ability to make investments in experiential asset classes outside of gaming with a goal of increasing our investment activity in these asset classes over time. In addition, we own approximately 33 acres of undeveloped or underdeveloped land on and adjacent to the Las Vegas Strip that is leased to Caesars Entertainment, Inc. (together with, as the context requires, its subsidiaries, Caesars ), which we may look to monetize as appropriate. VICI also owns four championship golf courses located near certain of our properties, two of which are in close proximity to the Las Vegas Strip. Our portfolio is competitively positioned and well-maintained. Pursuant to the terms of our lease agreements, which require our tenants to invest in our properties, and in line with our tenants commitment to build guest loyalty, we anticipate our tenants will continue to make strategic value-enhancing investments in our properties over time, helping to maintain their competitive position. Our long-term triple-net leases provide our tenants with complete control over management at our leased properties, including sole responsibility for all operations and related expenses, including property taxes, insurance and maintenance, repair, improvement and other capital expenditures, as well as over the implementation of environmental sustainability and other initiatives. We conduct our operations as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent that we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. We believe VICI s election of REIT status, combined with the income generation from the lease agreements and loans, will enhance our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, providing investors with current income as well as long-term growth, subject to the macroeconomic environment, other global events and market conditions more broadly. We conduct our real property business through VICI OP and our golf course business through a taxable REIT subsidiary (a TRS ), VICI Golf LLC ( VICI Golf ). Our Investment Highlights and Portfolio Characteristics Demonstrated track record of growth . We have announced approximately $39.1 billion of domestic and international investments across gaming and other experiential assets since our formation in October 2017. Significant scale and stable cash flows . We are one of the largest triple net lease REITs with over $4.0 billion in revenues in 2025 and 100% rent collection since formation (including through COVID). Mission critical complex real estate . The significant complexity and high replacement cost of our assets, combined with the gaming regulatory environment in which certain properties operate, create high barriers to entry that contribute to our current 100% occupancy rate. Non-commodity experiential real estate . Our triple-net lease model for non-commodity experiential assets allows for operators to unlock their real estate value while providing us with susta ined and sustainable rental growth. Contractual escalation with inflation protection . As of December 31, 2025, 42% of our full-year 2025 rent and 90% of our rent over the long-term feature CPI-linked escalation (subject to applic able caps). Tenant transparency. As of December 31, 2025, 79% of our rent is derived from SEC reporting operators providing transparency into tenant performance and credit quality. Investment-grade balance sheet . We have investment-grade ratings from all three major credit rating agencies, which broadens our access across capital markets and supports a stronger cost of capital. S P 500 constituent . We were added to the S P 500 Index in June 2022, representing the shortest time from IPO to S P 500 Index inclusion for any REIT. 3 Table of Contents Our Framework for Exploring Experiential Real Estate Sectors We seek to investigate, validate and potentially invest in sectors that feature these fundamental characteristics: Low cyclicality : Sectors that demonstrate relatively lower cyclicality than other consumer discretionary sectors, with a balance between drive-to and fly-to destinations, enabling customer activation during economic downturns. Compelling place-based experiences : Sectors that offer experiences that generate in-person demand and destination-based consumer loyalty. Experiential durability and longevity : Sectors with innovative operators who generate enduring and diverse experiences appealing to multiple demographics. Favorable supply / demand balance : Sectors for which supply growth is difficult and/or costly to achieve, whether due to regulatory considerations, initial entry costs or other barriers to entry. Economic dynamism : Sectors with operators that demonstrate a cash-register-rich experiential operating model driving multiple revenue streams and a strong mix of demand generators. Our Properties and Lease Agreements Our experiential portfolio features world-renowned assets on the Las Vegas Strip and market-leading urban, destination and regional properties with significant scale. Our properties are leased to leading operators that seek to drive loyalty and value with guests through superior services, experiences and products and continuous innovation. We derive a substantial majority of our revenues from rental revenue from the lease agreements for our properties, each of which are triple-net leases, pursuant to which the tenant bears responsibility for all property costs and expenses associated with ongoing maintenance and operation, including utilities, property tax and insurance. Our lease agreements are generally long term in nature with initial terms ranging from 15 to 32 years and are generally structured with several tenant renewal options extending the term of the lease for another 5 to 30 years. All of our lease agreements provide for annual base rent escalations, which may be fixed or variable over the life of the lease. Among our leases, 15 of 17 are subject to a CPI-linked escalation for some period over the life of the lease (subject to applicable caps). The rent escalation provisions range from providing for a flat annual increase of 1% to 2% to an annual increase of 1% in the earlier years and the greater of 2% or CPI in the later years, which may be subject to a maximum CPI-based cap with respect to each annual rent increase. For an overview of the provisions of certain of our lease agreements, including the related capital expenditure requirements, refer to Note 4 - Real Estate Portfolio . The following tables summarize our lease agreements between us and our respective tenants and guarantors, including pending transactions (each, as may be amended from time to time, and each individually, as defined in the column titled Lease Agreement ), and the properties under each our respective lease agreements, as of the date of this Annual Report. Lease Agreement (1) Property Location Tenant/Guarantor (2) Initial Expiration (3) Gaming Portfolio Caesars Joliet Lease Caesars July 31, 2035 Harrah s Joliet (4) Joliet, IL Caesars Las Vegas Master Lease Caesars July 31, 2035 Caesars Palace Las Vegas Las Vegas, NV Harrah s Las Vegas Las Vegas, NV Caesars Regional Master Lease Caesars July 31, 2035 Caesars Atlantic City Atlantic City, NJ Caesars New Orleans (5) New Orleans, LA Caesars Republic Lake Tahoe (5) Stateline, NV Harrah s Atlantic City Atlantic City, NJ Harrah s Council Bluffs Council Bluffs, IA Harrah s Gulf Coast (5) Biloxi, MS Harrah s Lake Tahoe Stateline, NV Harrah s Laughlin Laughlin, NV Harrah s Metropolis (5) Metropolis, IL Harrah s North Kansas City (5) North Kansas City, MO 4 Table of Contents Harrah s Philadelphia Chester, PA Horseshoe Bossier City (5) Bossier City, LA Horseshoe Council Bluffs Council Bluffs, IA Horseshoe Hammond (5) Hammond, IN Horseshoe Tunica Robinsonville, MS Century Master Lease Century Casinos, Inc. September 30, 2038 Century Casino Hotel Edmonton Edmonton, AB Century Casino Cape Girardeau Cape Girardeau, MO Century Casino Caruthersville Caruthersville, MO Century Casino St. Albert Edmonton, AB Century Downs Racetrack and Casino Calgary, AB Century Mile Racetrack (5) Edmonton, AB Mountaineer Casino Resort Racetrack New Cumberland, WV Rocky Gap Casino Resort (5) Flintstone, MD CNE Gold Strike Lease Cherokee Nation Businesses, L.L.C. ( CNB ) (6) April 30, 2048 Gold Strike Tunica Robinsonville, MS EBCI Southern Indiana Lease Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians ( EBCI ) August 31, 2036 Caesars Southern Indiana Elizabeth, IN Foundation Master Lease Foundation Gaming Entertainment, LLC December 31, 2037 Fitz Robinsonville, MS WaterView Vicksburg, MS Hard Rock Cincinnati Lease Seminole Hard Rock International ( Hard Rock ) December 31, 2047 Hard Rock Cincinnati Cincinnati, OH Hard Rock Mirage Lease Hard Rock December 31, 2047 The Mirage Las Vegas, NV JACK Master Lease JACK Ohio LLC January 31, 2040 JACK Cleveland Cleveland, OH JACK Thistledown Racino North Randall, OH MGM Master Lease MGM April 30, 2047 Beau Rivage (5) Biloxi, MS Borgata (5) Atlantic City, NJ Empire City Yonkers, NY Excalibur Las Vegas, NV Luxor Las Vegas, NV MGM Grand Detroit Detroit, MI MGM National Harbor (5) Prince George s County, MD MGM Northfield Park (7) Northfield, OH MGM Springfield Springfield, MA New York - New York/The Park Las Vegas, NV Park MGM Las Vegas, NV MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay Lease MGM February 28, 2050 Mandalay Bay Las Vegas, NV MGM Grand Las Vegas, NV PENN Master Lease (8) PENN Entertainment, Inc. ( PENN ) May 23, 2034 Hollywood Casino at Greektown Detroit, MI Margaritaville Resort Casino (5) Bossier City, LA 5 Table of Contents PURE Master Lease Indigenous Gaming Partners Inc. ( IGP ) (9) January 31, 2048 PURE Casino Calgary Calgary, AB PURE Casino Edmonton Edmonton, AB PURE Casino Lethbridge Lethbridge, AB PURE Casino Yellowhead Edmonton, AB Venetian Lease Funds managed by Apollo Global Management, Inc. February 29, 2052 Venetian Resort Las Vegas, NV Total Gaming Portfolio 54 Other Experiential Portfolio Lucky Strike Master Lease Lucky Strike Entertainment Corporation October 18, 2048 Bowling Entertainment Centers Various U.S. Cities (38) Chelsea Piers Lease Chelsea Piers December 31, 2055 (10) Chelsea Piers (5) New York, NY Total Other Experiential Portfolio 39 Total 93 Pending Acquisitions Golden Master Lease (11) Golden Tenant/Guarantor (11) 30 years (12) Aquarius Casino Resort Laughlin, NV Arizona Charlie s Boulder Las Vegas, NV Arizona Charlie s Decatur Las Vegas, NV Edgewater Casino Resort Laughlin, NV Lakeside RV Park Casino Pahrump, NV Pahrump Nugget Hotel Casino Pahrump, NV STRAT Hotel Las Vegas, NV Total 7 ____________________ (1) Reflects the lease agreement currently in effect between us and the applicable tenant. (2) The tenants under our lease agreements are subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the guarantors set forth in this table. (3) Represents the expiration date assuming no tenant renewal option is exercised. (4) Owned by Harrah s Joliet Landco LLC, a joint venture of which a wholly owned subsidiary of VICI LP is the 80% owner and the managing member. (5) The core property, or a portion thereof, is leased by us pursuant to a ground lease. Rent due under any such ground lease is paid directly by our tenant to the primary landlord pursuant to their respective lease agreement. (6) CNB is the parent entity of CNE Holdings, LLC also known as Cherokee Nation Entertainment. (7) Upon closing of MGM s pending sale of the operations of MGM Northfield Park to an affiliate of funds managed by Clairvest Group Inc. ( Clairvest ), we have agreed to enter into a new triple-net lease agreement with an affiliate of Clairvest with respect to the real property of Northfield Park. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2026. (8) On December 4, 2025, we combined the existing individual leases with respect to the Hollywood Casino at Greektown and Margaritaville Resort Casino into one master lease with PENN. (9) IGP is a gaming partnership established by five institutional Nova Scotia-based First Nations (Glooscap First Nation, Millbrook First Nation, Annapolis Valley First Nation, We koqma q L nue kati, and Paqtnkek Mi kmaw Nation) to acquire gaming assets in North America. (10) Subject to a mandatory 10-year tenant extension to the extent all conditions under the applicable ground lease are met. (11) On November 6, 2025, we announced that we entered into an agreement to acquire 100% of the land, real property and improvements of seven casino properties (the Golden Portfolio ) from Golden Entertainment, Inc. ( Golden ) and to enter into the Golden Master Lease with a newly formed entity that will be owned and controlled by Blake L. Sartini, current chairman and chief executive officer of Golden, which entity will acquire the operating business of Golden in connection with the closing of the transaction ( Golden OpCo ). The obligations of the tenant under the Golden Master Lease will be guaranteed by a holding company that is owned and controlled by Mr. Sartini and owns all of the gaming and operating assets of Golden. The transaction is subject to the approval of the Golden stockholders, as well as customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. See Item 1A "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business and Operations" . (12) Represents the initial term, assuming the four five-year tenant renewal options are not exercised. 6 Table of Contents Our Real Estate Debt Investments The following is a summary of our investments in real estate debt as of December 31, 2025: ($ In thousands) Investment Type Principal Balance Future Funding Commitments (1) Weighted Average Interest Rate (2) Weighted Average Term (3) Senior Secured Notes $ 83,406 $ 11.0 % 5.2 years Senior Secured Loans 1,084,478 399,942 8.3 % 4.4 years Mezzanine Loans and Preferred Equity 1,412,203 223,553 9.6 % 2.5 years Total $ 2,580,087 $ 623,495 9.1 % 3.4 years ____________________ (1) Our future funding commitments are subject to our borrowers' compliance with the financial covenants and other applicable provisions of each respective loan agreement. (2) The weighted average interest rate is based on current outstanding principal balance and SOFR, as applicable for floating rate loans, as of December 31, 2025. (3) Assumes all extension options are exercised; however, our loans may be repaid, subject to certain conditions, prior to such date. Our Embedded Growth Pipeline We have entered into several put-call, call right, right of first refusal ( ROFR ) and right of first offer ( ROFO ) agreements, as well as other strategic arrangements, which we believe provide opportunities for embedded growth as we pursue our future strategic objectives. Each of the transactions contemplated by the following agreements remains subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable agreements, including with respect to due diligence, applicable regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Put-Call Agreements Caesars Forum Put-Call. We have a put-call agreement with Caesars with respect to the Caesars Forum Convention Center, which provides for a call right in our favor, which, if exercised, would result in the sale by Caesars to us and simultaneous leaseback by us to Caesars of the Caesars Forum Convention Center, exercisable by us from September 18, 2025 until December 31, 2028. The put right in favor of Caesars, which was exercisable between January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024, was not exercised by Caesars and terminated as of December 31, 2024. Call Right Agreements Canyon Ranch Austin Call Right. We entered into a call right agreement with Canyon Ranch pursuant to which we will have the right to acquire the real estate assets of Canyon Ranch Austin for up to 24 months following stabilization (with the Canyon Ranch Austin Loan balance being settled in connection with the exercise of such call right), which transaction will be structured as a sale leaseback (with the simultaneous entry into a triple-net lease with Canyon Ranch that will have an initial term of 25 years, with eight 5-year tenant renewal options). Canyon Ranch Lenox and Canyon Ranch Tucson Call Right. We entered into a call right agreement with Canyon Ranch pursuant to which we will have the right to acquire the real estate assets of each of Canyon Ranch Tucson in Tucson, Arizona and Canyon Ranch Lenox in Lenox, Massachusetts, at pre-negotiated terms in a sale-leaseback transaction, subject to certain conditions. If the call right(s) are exercised, Canyon Ranch would continue to operate the applicable wellness resort(s) subject to a long-term triple-net master lease with VICI. Homefield Kansas City Call Right. We entered into a call right agreement with affiliates of Homefield Kansas City ( Homefield ) that provides us with a call option on (i) the Margaritaville Resort in Kansas City, Kansas, (ii) the new Homefield youth sports training facility in Kansas City, Kansas, (iii) the new Homefield baseball center in Kansas City, Kansas, and (iv) the existing Homefield youth sports complex in Olathe, Kansas. If the call right is exercised, all of the properties, including the Margaritaville Resort, will be subject to a single long-term triple net master lease with us. Right of First Refusal and Right of First Offer Agreements Las Vegas Strip Assets ROFR. We have a ROFR agreement with Caesars (the Las Vegas Strip ROFR Agreement ), pursuant to which we have the first right, with respect to the first two Las Vegas Strip assets described below that Caesars proposes to sell, whether pursuant to a sale leaseback or a sale of the real estate and operations (a WholeCo 7 Table of Contents sale ), to a third party, to acquire any such asset (it being understood that we will have the opportunity to find an operating company should Caesars elect to pursue a WholeCo sale). The Las Vegas Strip assets subject to the Las Vegas Strip ROFR Agreement are the land and real estate assets associated (i) with respect to the first such asset subject to the Las Vegas Strip ROFR Agreement, the Flamingo Las Vegas, Paris Las Vegas, Planet Hollywood and Bally s Las Vegas gaming facilities, and (ii) with respect to the second such asset subject to the Las Vegas Strip ROFR Agreement, the foregoing assets still unsold plus The LINQ gaming facility. If we enter into a sale leaseback transaction with Caesars with respect to any of these facilities, the leaseback may be implemented through the addition of such properties to the Caesars Las Vegas Master Lease. Horseshoe Baltimore ROFR. We have a ROFR agreement with Caesars pursuant to which we have the first right to enter into a sale leaseback transaction with respect to the land and real estate assets associated with the Horseshoe Baltimore gaming facility . Caesars Virginia ROFR. We have a ROFR agreement with EBCI and Caesars pursuant to which we have the first right to enter into a sale leaseback transaction with respect to the real property associated with the recently developed casino resort in Danville, Virginia. Canyon Ranch ROFO. We have a ROFO agreement with Canyon Ranch with respect to future financing opportunities for Canyon Ranch and certain of its affiliates for the funding of certain facilities (including Canyon Ranch Austin, Canyon Ranch Tucson and Canyon Ranch Lenox, and any other fee owned Canyon Ranch branded wellness resort), until the date that is the earlier of five years from commencement of the Canyon Ranch Austin lease (to the extent applicable) and the date that neither VICI nor any of its affiliates are landlord under such lease, subject to certain specified terms, conditions and exceptions. Additionally, we have entered into a right of first financing agreement with Canyon Ranch pursuant to which we will have the first right, but not the obligation, to serve as the real estate capital financing partner for Canyon Ranch with respect to the acquisition, build-out and/or redevelopment of future greenfield and build-to-suit wellness resorts. Lucky Strike ROFO. The Lucky Strike Master Lease contains a ROFO with respect to the real estate assets of any current or future Lucky Strike properties in the event that Lucky Strike elects to enter into a sale-leaseback tran