=== VICI_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We are and expect to continue to be significantly dependent on our tenants for substantially all of our revenues and, because our tenants are required to pay a significant portion of their cash flow from operations to us pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, our respective lease agreements and other agreements with them, an event that has a material adverse effect on any of our significant tenants could have a material adverse effect on us. Financial difficulties experienced by any of our tenants, borrowers or guarantors, including their potential bankruptcy or insolvency, could result in defaults under, or requests to modify or terminate, their lease agreements, related guarantees or loan agreements, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business. We are dependent on the gaming industry and may be susceptible to risks associated with it, including heightened competition, regulatory developments, changes in consumer behavior and discretionary spending, and the overall macroeconomic environment and outlook. Because a concentrated portion of our revenues are generated from the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a company that is more geographically diversified. Our pursuit of acquisitions of, and investments in, experiential assets and other strategic opportunities are in a highly competitive industry and may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations, and we may not identify all potential costs and liabilities in connection with such acquisitions or investments. Our lending activities carry distinct risks compared to our acquisition and leasing of real estate, including with respect to development and construction loans for non-stabilized properties, which carry additional risks, including cost overruns, completion delays, operational underperformance, and other issues that could have a material adverse effect on us. We and our tenants face extensive regulation from gaming and other regulatory authorities, and our charter provides that any of our shares held by investors who are found to be unsuitable by state gaming regulatory authorities are subject to redemption, which may delay or prohibit a change in control. Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our gaming properties or the consummation of transactions, which could result in periods in which we are unable to receive rent related to, or otherwise realize the benefits of, such transactions. We are subject to additional risks from our investments located outside the United States or on tribal land. Our long-term, triple-net leases include rent escalations over specified periods that will generally continue to apply regardless of the amount of cash flows generated by the properties subject to such lease agreements, and such lease agreements may not result in fair market lease rates over time. Our ability to sell, dispose of and use our properties may be limited by the contractual terms of our lease agreements, tax protection agreements or other agreements with our tenants, or otherwise impacted by matters relating to our real estate ownership. We are exposed to risks related to certain of our properties that are subject to ground and use lease arrangements. We may elect not to, or not be able to, purchase properties pursuant to our rights under certain agreements, including put-call, call right, right of first refusal, right of first offer and similar agreements, including if we are unable to obtain financing on attractive terms, or at all. Our business is subject to risks associated with the potential sale or divestiture of properties or assets in the event we elect to pursue such sale or divestiture after an evaluation of our portfolio of businesses, including loss of revenue and lower-than-expected proceeds. 1 Table of Contents Our properties and the properties securing our loans are subject to risks from natural disasters and other adverse or extreme weather conditions, including the physical effects of climate change. Our business is subject to risks associated with environmental compliance, including as a result of climate change laws and regulations and the transition to a lower carbon economy, and potential costs and liabilities associated with such compliance may materially impair the value of certain real estate properties owned by us. We or our tenants may experience uninsured or underinsured losses, which could result in a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property, decrease anticipated future revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expenses. Terrorist attacks or other acts of violence may affect our properties or our tenants businesses and operations at such properties. The loss of the services of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face risks associated with cybersecurity incidents and other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems or those IT networks and systems of third parties. Properties within our portfolio are, and properties that we may acquire in the future are likely to be, operated and promoted under certain trademarks and brand names that we do not own. The market price and trading volume of shares of our common stock may be volatile. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Financing We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, and expect to incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness exposes us to the risk of default under our debt obligations, increases the risks associated with a downturn in our business or in the businesses of our tenants, and requires us to use a significant portion of our cash to service our debt obligations. Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, including heightened interest rates and uncertainty regarding future interest rates, have and may continue to negatively affect us. Disruption in the equity and debt capital markets may adversely affect our ability to access external funding for our growth and ongoing debt service requirements and adverse changes in our credit ratings may affect our borrowing terms and capacity. A breach or default of covenants in our debt agreements could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. We have engaged and may engage in hedging or other derivative transactions that may limit gains or result in losses. Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT We may incur adverse tax consequences if we have failed or fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive opportunities and limit our expansion opportunities, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. If VICI OP fails to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a REIT and suffer other adverse tax consequences. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure VICI is a holding company with no direct operations and relies on distributions received from VICI OP to make distributions to its stockholders. Certain provisions in our charter and bylaws, as well as certain provisions of Maryland law, may delay, defer or prevent an acquisition of our common stock or a change in control. ITEM 1. Business We are a Maryland corporation that is primarily engaged in the business of owning and acquiring gaming, hospitality, wellness, entertainment and leisure destinations, subject to long-term triple net leases. As of December 31, 2025, we own 93 experiential assets across a geographically diverse portfolio consisting of 54 gaming properties and 39 other experiential properties across the United States and Canada, including Caesars Palace Las Vegas, MGM Grand and the Venetian Resort Las Vegas (the Venetian Resort ), three of the most iconic entertainment facilities on the Las Vegas Strip. Our gaming and entertainment facilities are leased to leading brands that seek to drive consumer loyalty and value with guests through superior services, experiences, products and continuous innovation. Across approximately 127 million square feet, our well-maintained properties 2 Table of Contents are curren tly located across urban, destination and drive-to markets in twenty-six states and Canada, contain approximately 60,300 hotel rooms and feature over 500 restaurants, bars, nightclubs and sportsbooks. As of December 31, 2025, our properties are 100% leased with a weighted average lease term, including extension options, of approximately 39.6 years . We also have a growing array of real estate and financing partnerships with leading developers and operators in other experiential sectors, including Cabot, Cain, Canyon Ranch, Chelsea Piers, Great Wolf Resorts, Homefield, Kalahari Resorts and Lucky Strike Entertainment. This portfolio includes certain real estate debt investments which were originated for strategic purposes, including (i) the potential to convert our investment into the ownership of the underlying real estate, (ii) the opportunity to develop relationships with owners and operators that may lead to other investments in experiential asset classes that fit within our investment policies and objectives, and (iii) the ability to make investments in experiential asset classes outside of gaming with a goal of increasing our investment activity in these asset classes over time. In addition, we own approximately 33 acres of undeveloped or underdeveloped land on and adjacent to the Las Vegas Strip that is leased to Caesars Entertainment, Inc. (together with, as the context requires, its subsidiaries, Caesars ), which we may look to monetize as appropriate. VICI also owns four championship golf courses located near certain of our properties, two of which are in close proximity to the Las Vegas Strip. Our portfolio is competitively positioned and well-maintained. Pursuant to the terms of our lease agreements, which require our tenants to invest in our properties, and in line with our tenants commitment to build guest loyalty, we anticipate our tenants will continue to make strategic value-enhancing investments in our properties over time, helping to maintain their competitive position. Our long-term triple-net leases provide our tenants with complete control over management at our leased properties, including sole responsibility for all operations and related expenses, including property taxes, insurance and maintenance, repair, improvement and other capital expenditures, as well as over the implementation of environmental sustainability and other initiatives. We conduct our operations as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent that we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. We believe VICI s election of REIT status, combined with the income generation from the lease agreements and loans, will enhance our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, providing investors with current income as well as long-term growth, subject to the macroeconomic environment, other global events and market conditions more broadly. We conduct our real property business through VICI OP and our golf course business through a taxable REIT subsidiary (a TRS ), VICI Golf LLC ( VICI Golf ). Our Investment Highlights and Portfolio Characteristics Demonstrated track record of growth . We have announced approximately $39.1 billion of domestic and international investments across gaming and other experiential assets since our formation in October 2017. Significant scale and stable cash flows . We are one of the largest triple net lease REITs with over $4.0 billion in revenues in 2025 and 100% rent collection since formation (including through COVID). Mission critical complex real estate . The significant complexity and high replacement cost of our assets, combined with the gaming regulatory environment in which certain properties operate, create high barriers to entry that contribute to our current 100% occupancy rate. Non-commodity experiential real estate . Our triple-net lease model for non-commodity experiential assets allows for operators to unlock their real estate value while providing us with susta ined and sustainable rental growth. Contractual escalation with inflation protection . As of December 31, 2025, 42% of our full-year 2025 rent and 90% of our rent over the long-term feature CPI-linked escalation (subject to applic able caps). Tenant transparency. As of December 31, 2025, 79% of our rent is derived from SEC reporting operators providing transparency into tenant performance and credit quality. Investment-grade balance sheet . We have investment-grade ratings from all three major credit rating agencies, which broadens our access across capital markets and supports a stronger cost of capital. S P 500 constituent . We were added to the S P 500 Index in June 2022, representing the shortest time from IPO to S P 500 Index inclusion for any REIT. 3 Table of Contents Our Framework for Exploring Experiential Real Estate Sectors We seek to investigate, validate and potentially invest in sectors that feature these fundamental characteristics: Low cyclicality : Sectors that demonstrate relatively lower cyclicality than other consumer discretionary sectors, with a balance between drive-to and fly-to destinations, enabling customer activation during economic downturns. Compelling place-based experiences : Sectors that offer experiences that generate in-person demand and destination-based consumer loyalty. Experiential durability and longevity : Sectors with innovative operators who generate enduring and diverse experiences appealing to multiple demographics. Favorable supply / demand balance : Sectors for which supply growth is difficult and/or costly to achieve, whether due to regulatory considerations, initial entry costs or other barriers to entry. Economic dynamism : Sectors with operators that demonstrate a cash-register-rich experiential operating model driving multiple revenue streams and a strong mix of demand generators. Our Properties and Lease Agreements Our experiential portfolio features world-renowned assets on the Las Vegas Strip and market-leading urban, destination and regional properties with significant scale. Our properties are leased to leading operators that seek to drive loyalty and value with guests through superior services, experiences and products and continuous innovation. We derive a substantial majority of our revenues from rental revenue from the lease agreements for our properties, each of which are triple-net leases, pursuant to which the tenant bears responsibility for all property costs and expenses associated with ongoing maintenance and operation, including utilities, property tax and insurance. Our lease agreements are generally long term in nature with initial terms ranging from 15 to 32 years and are generally structured with several tenant renewal options extending the term of the lease for another 5 to 30 years. All of our lease agreements provide for annual base rent escalations, which may be fixed or variable over the life of the lease. Among our leases, 15 of 17 are subject to a CPI-linked escalation for some period over the life of the lease (subject to applicable caps). The rent escalation provisions range from providing for a flat annual increase of 1% to 2% to an annual increase of 1% in the earlier years and the greater of 2% or CPI in the later years, which may be subject to a maximum CPI-based cap with respect to each annual rent increase. For an overview of the provisions of certain of our lease agreements, including the related capital expenditure requirements, refer to Note 4 - Real Estate Portfolio . The following tables summarize our lease agreements between us and our respective tenants and guarantors, including pending transactions (each, as may be amended from time to time, and each individually, as defined in the column titled Lease Agreement ), and the properties under each our respective lease agreements, as of the date of this Annual Report. Lease Agreement (1) Property Location Tenant/Guarantor (2) Initial Expiration (3) Gaming Portfolio Caesars Joliet Lease Caesars July 31, 2035 Harrah s Joliet (4) Joliet, IL Caesars Las Vegas Master Lease Caesars July 31, 2035 Caesars Palace Las Vegas Las Vegas, NV Harrah s Las Vegas Las Vegas, NV Caesars Regional Master Lease Caesars July 31, 2035 Caesars Atlantic City Atlantic City, NJ Caesars New Orleans (5) New Orleans, LA Caesars Republic Lake Tahoe (5) Stateline, NV Harrah s Atlantic City Atlantic City, NJ Harrah s Council Bluffs Council Bluffs, IA Harrah s Gulf Coast (5) Biloxi, MS Harrah s Lake Tahoe Stateline, NV Harrah s Laughlin Laughlin, NV Harrah s Metropolis (5) Metropolis, IL Harrah s North Kansas City (5) North Kansas City, MO 4 Table of Contents Harrah s Philadelphia Chester, PA Horseshoe Bossier City (5) Bossier City, LA Horseshoe Council Bluffs Council Bluffs, IA Horseshoe Hammond (5) Hammond, IN Horseshoe Tunica Robinsonville, MS Century Master Lease Century Casinos, Inc. September 30, 2038 Century Casino Hotel Edmonton Edmonton, AB Century Casino Cape Girardeau Cape Girardeau, MO Century Casino Caruthersville Caruthersville, MO Century Casino St. Albert Edmonton, AB Century Downs Racetrack and Casino Calgary, AB Century Mile Racetrack (5) Edmonton, AB Mountaineer Casino Resort Racetrack New Cumberland, WV Rocky Gap Casino Resort (5) Flintstone, MD CNE Gold Strike Lease Cherokee Nation Businesses, L.L.C. ( CNB ) (6) April 30, 2048 Gold Strike Tunica Robinsonville, MS EBCI Southern Indiana Lease Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians ( EBCI ) August 31, 2036 Caesars Southern Indiana Elizabeth, IN Foundation Master Lease Foundation Gaming Entertainment, LLC December 31, 2037 Fitz Robinsonville, MS WaterView Vicksburg, MS Hard Rock Cincinnati Lease Seminole Hard Rock International ( Hard Rock ) December 31, 2047 Hard Rock Cincinnati Cincinnati, OH Hard Rock Mirage Lease Hard Rock December 31, 2047 The Mirage Las Vegas, NV JACK Master Lease JACK Ohio LLC January 31, 2040 JACK Cleveland Cleveland, OH JACK Thistledown Racino North Randall, OH MGM Master Lease MGM April 30, 2047 Beau Rivage (5) Biloxi, MS Borgata (5) Atlantic City, NJ Empire City Yonkers, NY Excalibur Las Vegas, NV Luxor Las Vegas, NV MGM Grand Detroit Detroit, MI MGM National Harbor (5) Prince George s County, MD MGM Northfield Park (7) Northfield, OH MGM Springfield Springfield, MA New York - New York/The Park Las Vegas, NV Park MGM Las Vegas, NV MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay Lease MGM February 28, 2050 Mandalay Bay Las Vegas, NV MGM Grand Las Vegas, NV PENN Master Lease (8) PENN Entertainment, Inc. ( PENN ) May 23, 2034 Hollywood Casino at Greektown Detroit, MI Margaritaville Resort Casino (5) Bossier City, LA 5 Table of Contents PURE Master Lease Indigenous Gaming Partners Inc. ( IGP ) (9) January 31, 2048 PURE Casino Calgary Calgary, AB PURE Casino Edmonton Edmonton, AB PURE Casino Lethbridge Lethbridge, AB PURE Casino Yellowhead Edmonton, AB Venetian Lease Funds managed by Apollo Global Management, Inc. February 29, 2052 Venetian Resort Las Vegas, NV Total Gaming Portfolio 54 Other Experiential Portfolio Lucky Strike Master Lease Lucky Strike Entertainment Corporation October 18, 2048 Bowling Entertainment Centers Various U.S. Cities (38) Chelsea Piers Lease Chelsea Piers December 31, 2055 (10) Chelsea Piers (5) New York, NY Total Other Experiential Portfolio 39 Total 93 Pending Acquisitions Golden Master Lease (11) Golden Tenant/Guarantor (11) 30 years (12) Aquarius Casino Resort Laughlin, NV Arizona Charlie s Boulder Las Vegas, NV Arizona Charlie s Decatur Las Vegas, NV Edgewater Casino Resort Laughlin, NV Lakeside RV Park Casino Pahrump, NV Pahrump Nugget Hotel Casino Pahrump, NV STRAT Hotel Las Vegas, NV Total 7 ____________________ (1) Reflects the lease agreement currently in effect between us and the applicable tenant. (2) The tenants under our lease agreements are subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the guarantors set forth in this table. (3) Represents the expiration date assuming no tenant renewal option is exercised. (4) Owned by Harrah s Joliet Landco LLC, a joint venture of which a wholly owned subsidiary of VICI LP is the 80% owner and the managing member. (5) The core property, or a portion thereof, is leased by us pursuant to a ground lease. Rent due under any such ground lease is paid directly by our tenant to the primary landlord pursuant to their respective lease agreement. (6) CNB is the parent entity of CNE Holdings, LLC also known as Cherokee Nation Entertainment. (7) Upon closing of MGM s pending sale of the operations of MGM Northfield Park to an affiliate of funds managed by Clairvest Group Inc. ( Clairvest ), we have agreed to enter into a new triple-net lease agreement with an affiliate of Clairvest with respect to the real property of Northfield Park. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2026. (8) On December 4, 2025, we combined the existing individual leases with respect to the Hollywood Casino at Greektown and Margaritaville Resort Casino into one master lease with PENN. (9) IGP is a gaming partnership established by five institutional Nova Scotia-based First Nations (Glooscap First Nation, Millbrook First Nation, Annapolis Valley First Nation, We koqma q L nue kati, and Paqtnkek Mi kmaw Nation) to acquire gaming assets in North America. (10) Subject to a mandatory 10-year tenant extension to the extent all conditions under the applicable ground lease are met. (11) On November 6, 2025, we announced that we entered into an agreement to acquire 100% of the land, real property and improvements of seven casino properties (the Golden Portfolio ) from Golden Entertainment, Inc. ( Golden ) and to enter into the Golden Master Lease with a newly formed entity that will be owned and controlled by Blake L. Sartini, current chairman and chief executive officer of Golden, which entity will acquire the operating business of Golden in connection with the closing of the transaction ( Golden OpCo ). The obligations of the tenant under the Golden Master Lease will be guaranteed by a holding company that is owned and controlled by Mr. Sartini and owns all of the gaming and operating assets of Golden. The transaction is subject to the approval of the Golden stockholders, as well as customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. See Item 1A "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business and Operations" . (12) Represents the initial term, assuming the four five-year tenant renewal options are not exercised. 6 Table of Contents Our Real Estate Debt Investments The following is a summary of our investments in real estate debt as of December 31, 2025: ($ In thousands) Investment Type Principal Balance Future Funding Commitments (1) Weighted Average Interest Rate (2) Weighted Average Term (3) Senior Secured Notes $ 83,406 $ 11.0 % 5.2 years Senior Secured Loans 1,084,478 399,942 8.3 % 4.4 years Mezzanine Loans and Preferred Equity 1,412,203 223,553 9.6 % 2.5 years Total $ 2,580,087 $ 623,495 9.1 % 3.4 years ____________________ (1) Our future funding commitments are subject to our borrowers' compliance with the financial covenants and other applicable provisions of each respective loan agreement. (2) The weighted average interest rate is based on current outstanding principal balance and SOFR, as applicable for floating rate loans, as of December 31, 2025. (3) Assumes all extension options are exercised; however, our loans may be repaid, subject to certain conditions, prior to such date. Our Embedded Growth Pipeline We have entered into several put-call, call right, right of first refusal ( ROFR ) and right of first offer ( ROFO ) agreements, as well as other strategic arrangements, which we believe provide opportunities for embedded growth as we pursue our future strategic objectives. Each of the transactions contemplated by the following agreements remains subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable agreements, including with respect to due diligence, applicable regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Put-Call Agreements Caesars Forum Put-Call. We have a put-call agreement with Caesars with respect to the Caesars Forum Convention Center, which provides for a call right in our favor, which, if exercised, would result in the sale by Caesars to us and simultaneous leaseback by us to Caesars of the Caesars Forum Convention Center, exercisable by us from September 18, 2025 until December 31, 2028. The put right in favor of Caesars, which was exercisable between January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024, was not exercised by Caesars and terminated as of December 31, 2024. Call Right Agreements Canyon Ranch Austin Call Right. We entered into a call right agreement with Canyon Ranch pursuant to which we will have the right to acquire the real estate assets of Canyon Ranch Austin for up to 24 months following stabilization (with the Canyon Ranch Austin Loan balance being settled in connection with the exercise of such call right), which transaction will be structured as a sale leaseback (with the simultaneous entry into a triple-net lease with Canyon Ranch that will have an initial term of 25 years, with eight 5-year tenant renewal options). Canyon Ranch Lenox and Canyon Ranch Tucson Call Right. We entered into a call right agreement with Canyon Ranch pursuant to which we will have the right to acquire the real estate assets of each of Canyon Ranch Tucson in Tucson, Arizona and Canyon Ranch Lenox in Lenox, Massachusetts, at pre-negotiated terms in a sale-leaseback transaction, subject to certain conditions. If the call right(s) are exercised, Canyon Ranch would continue to operate the applicable wellness resort(s) subject to a long-term triple-net master lease with VICI. Homefield Kansas City Call Right. We entered into a call right agreement with affiliates of Homefield Kansas City ( Homefield ) that provides us with a call option on (i) the Margaritaville Resort in Kansas City, Kansas, (ii) the new Homefield youth sports training facility in Kansas City, Kansas, (iii) the new Homefield baseball center in Kansas City, Kansas, and (iv) the existing Homefield youth sports complex in Olathe, Kansas. If the call right is exercised, all of the properties, including the Margaritaville Resort, will be subject to a single long-term triple net master lease with us. Right of First Refusal and Right of First Offer Agreements Las Vegas Strip Assets ROFR. We have a ROFR agreement with Caesars (the Las Vegas Strip ROFR Agreement ), pursuant to which we have the first right, with respect to the first two Las Vegas Strip assets described below that Caesars proposes to sell, whether pursuant to a sale leaseback or a sale of the real estate and operations (a WholeCo 7 Table of Contents sale ), to a third party, to acquire any such asset (it being understood that we will have the opportunity to find an operating company should Caesars elect to pursue a WholeCo sale). The Las Vegas Strip assets subject to the Las Vegas Strip ROFR Agreement are the land and real estate assets associated (i) with respect to the first such asset subject to the Las Vegas Strip ROFR Agreement, the Flamingo Las Vegas, Paris Las Vegas, Planet Hollywood and Bally s Las Vegas gaming facilities, and (ii) with respect to the second such asset subject to the Las Vegas Strip ROFR Agreement, the foregoing assets still unsold plus The LINQ gaming facility. If we enter into a sale leaseback transaction with Caesars with respect to any of these facilities, the leaseback may be implemented through the addition of such properties to the Caesars Las Vegas Master Lease. Horseshoe Baltimore ROFR. We have a ROFR agreement with Caesars pursuant to which we have the first right to enter into a sale leaseback transaction with respect to the land and real estate assets associated with the Horseshoe Baltimore gaming facility . Caesars Virginia ROFR. We have a ROFR agreement with EBCI and Caesars pursuant to which we have the first right to enter into a sale leaseback transaction with respect to the real property associated with the recently developed casino resort in Danville, Virginia. Canyon Ranch ROFO. We have a ROFO agreement with Canyon Ranch with respect to future financing opportunities for Canyon Ranch and certain of its affiliates for the funding of certain facilities (including Canyon Ranch Austin, Canyon Ranch Tucson and Canyon Ranch Lenox, and any other fee owned Canyon Ranch branded wellness resort), until the date that is the earlier of five years from commencement of the Canyon Ranch Austin lease (to the extent applicable) and the date that neither VICI nor any of its affiliates are landlord under such lease, subject to certain specified terms, conditions and exceptions. Additionally, we have entered into a right of first financing agreement with Canyon Ranch pursuant to which we will have the first right, but not the obligation, to serve as the real estate capital financing partner for Canyon Ranch with respect to the acquisition, build-out and/or redevelopment of future greenfield and build-to-suit wellness resorts. Lucky Strike ROFO. The Lucky Strike Master Lease contains a ROFO with respect to the real estate assets of any current or future Lucky Strike properties in the event that Lucky Strike elects to enter into a sale-leaseback transaction for such properties during the first eight years of the initial term of the Lucky Strike Master Lease. Homefield ROFR. We have a ROFR agreement to acquire the real estate of any future Homefield property in a sale leaseback transaction, should Homefield elect to sell such assets. Indigenous Gaming Partners ROFO . We have a five-year ROFO on future sale-leaseback transactions with IGP. Any additional properties acquired pursuant to the ROFO will be added to the PURE Master Lease. Other Embedded Growth Agreements Cabot Citrus Farms Purchase and Sale Agreement. We entered into a purchase and sale agreement with Cabot, pursuant to which we will convert a portion of the $120.0 million Cabot Citrus Farms delayed draw development loan into the ownership of certain Cabot Citrus Farms real estate assets and simultaneously enter into a triple-net lease with Cabot that will have an initial term of 25 years, with five 5-year tenant renewal options. Our Partner Property Growth Fund Strategy As part of our ongoing dialogue with our tenants, we continually seek opportunities to further our long-term partnerships and pursue our respective strategic objectives. We have entered into certain arrangements, which we collectively refer to as the Partner Property Growth Fund , with certain tenants relating to our funding of same-store capital improvements, including redevelopment, new construction projects and other property improvements, in exchange for increased rent pursuant to the terms of our existing lease agreements with such tenants (and subject to the specific terms and conditions included in any such agreement). Each of our lease agreements includes provisions that provide a mechanism for us to pursue such opportunities. We continue to evaluate Partner Property Growth Fund opportunities with certain of our tenants from time to time and expect to pursue further investment as one component of our strategic growth plans, consistent with our aim to work collaboratively with such tenants to invest in growth opportunities and capital improvements that achieve mutually beneficial outcomes. The benefits of any Partner Property Growth Fund opportunities will be dependent upon independent decisions made by our tenants with respect to any capital improvement projects and the source of funds for such projects, as well as the total funding ultimately provided under such arrangements and there are no assurances that any Partner Property Growth Fund opportunities will occur on the contemplated terms, including through our financing, or at all. See Item 1A - Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations for additional information. 8 Table of Contents Our Golf Courses We own four championship golf courses located near certain of our properties, Serket (formerly Rio Secco) in Henderson, Nevada, Cascata in Boulder City, Nevada, Chariot Run in Laconia, Indiana and Grand Bear in Saucier, Mississippi (the Golf Courses ). In addition, Serket and Cascata are in close proximity to the Las Vegas Strip. All four golf courses are operated by a third-party golf resort operator, Cabot-Managed Properties, an affiliate of Cabot, pursuant to a golf course management agreement. We have a golf course use agreement (the Golf Course Use Agreement ) with Caesars which provides them with preferred access and tee times for their guests at our golf courses. As of December 31, 2025, contractual minimum fees under the Golf Course Use Agreement and certain other golf course related agreements with Caesars were $17.6 million per year. Our Relationship with Caesars and MGM Caesars and MGM, our two largest tenants representing 39% and 35%, respectively, of our annualized rent as of December 31, 2025, are leading owners and operators of gaming, entertainment and leisure properties. Caesars and MGM maintain a diverse brand portfolio with a wide range of options that appeal to a variety of gaming, sports betting, travel and entertainment consumers. To govern the ongoing relationship between us and Caesars and us and MGM, in addition to the applicable lease agreements, we have entered into various agreements with Caesars and MGM and/or their subsidiaries as described herein. The summaries presented herein are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the applicable agreements, certain of which are included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Caesars Guaranty. Caesars has executed guaranties with respect to the Caesars Las Vegas Master Lease, the Caesars Regional Master Lease and the Caesars Joliet Lease, guaranteeing the prompt and complete payment and performance in full of: (i) all monetary obligations of the tenants under the Caesars Leases, including all rent and other sums payable by the tenants under the Caesars Leases and any obligation to pay monetary damages in connection with any breach and to pay any indemnification obligations of the tenants under the Caesars Leases, (ii) the performance when due of all other covenants, agreements and requirements to be performed and satisfied by the tenants under the Caesars Leases, and (iii) all monetary obligations under the Golf Course Use Agreement. MGM Guaranty. MGM has executed guaranties with respect to the MGM Master Lease and MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay Lease guaranteeing the prompt and complete payment and performance in full of all monetary obligations of the tenants under the MGM Master Lease and MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay Lease, including all rent and other sums payable by the tenants under the MGM Master Lease and MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay Lease and any obligation to pay monetary damages in connection with any breach and to pay any indemnification obligations of the tenants under the MGM Master Lease and MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay Lease and the performance when due of all other covenants, agreements and requirements to be performed and satisfied by the tenants under the MGM Master Lease and MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay Lease. MGM Tax Protection Agreements. We entered into a tax protection agreement with MGM (the MGM Tax Protection Agreement ) pursuant to which VICI OP has agreed, subject to certain exceptions, for a period of 15 years (subject to early termination under certain circumstances) following the closing of our acquisition of MGM Growth Properties LLC ( MGP ) in April 2022, to indemnify MGM and certain of its subsidiaries (the Protected Parties ) for certain tax liabilities resulting from (1) the sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of a property owned directly or indirectly by MGM Growth Properties Operating Partnership LP ( MGP OP ) immediately prior to the closing date of the acquisition of MGP (each, a Protected Property ), (2) a merger, consolidation, transfer of all assets of, or other significant transaction involving VICI OP pursuant to which the ownership interests of the Protected Parties in VICI OP are required to be exchanged in whole or in part for cash or other property, (3) the failure of VICI OP to maintain approximately $8.5 billion of nonrecourse indebtedness allocable to MGM, which amount may be reduced over time in accordance with the MGM Tax Protection Agreement, and (4) the failure of VICI OP or VICI to comply with certain tax covenants that would impact the tax liabilities of the Protected Parties. In the event that VICI OP or VICI breaches restrictions in the MGM Tax Protection Agreement, VICI OP will be liable for grossed-up tax amounts associated with the income or gain recognized as a result of such breach. In addition, the joint venture that holds the real estate assets of MGM Grand Las Vegas and Mandalay Bay ( MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay JV ) previously entered into a tax protection agreement with MGM with respect to built-in gain and debt maintenance related to MGM Grand Las Vegas and Mandalay Bay, which is effective through mid-2029, and by acquiring MGP in April 2022 and subsequently acquiring the remaining 49.9% interest in the MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay JV in January 2023, we bear any indemnity under this existing tax protection agreement. 9 Table of Contents Competition We compete for real property investments with other REITs, gaming companies, investment companies, private equity firms, hedge funds, sovereign funds, lenders and other private investors. In addition, we are ultimately dependent on the ability of our tenant operators to maintain competitiveness with other gaming operators in their respective markets and fulfill their rent obligations. Although the nature and degree varies by market, the operators of our properties compete on a local, regional, national and international basis for customers. The gaming industry is characterized by a high degree of competition among a large number of participants, including traditional brick-and-mortar casinos, video lottery, sweepstakes and poker machines not located in casinos, Native American gaming, internet gaming, sports betting and other forms of gaming and betting in the United States, including emerging platforms such as prediction markets. Although many gaming properties are characterized by a broad range of consumer offerings, including entertainment venues, convention centers, food and beverage, retail and other experiential offerings, the gaming industry also competes for consumer engagement with an increasing variety of gaming-related and other alternatives, including experiential destinations, online entertainment, and digital alternatives, that may impact the underlying economics and viability of the traditional gaming model. Certain emerging platforms, such as prediction markets, currently operate under federal rather than state regulation, potentially allowing them to offer gaming-related products in states where traditional gaming is prohibited and without being subject to state gaming licensing requirements, taxation, and consumer protection obligations that apply to traditional gaming operators. This regulatory disparity may create competitive advantages for such platforms relative to our tenants. Further, the existing regulatory environment and licensure status of traditional gaming operators may limit their ability to adapt their businesses and compete effectively with emerging platforms operating under different regulatory structures. As a landlord, we compete in the real estate market with numerous developers, owners and acquirors of properties. Some of our competitors may be significantly larger, have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we have, have greater economies of scale and have greater name recognition than we do. Increased competition makes it more challenging to identify and successfully capitalize on acquisition opportunities that meet our investment objectives. Our ability to compete is also impacted by global, national and local economic trends, availability of investment alternatives, availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, existing laws and regulations, new legislation, and demographic and cultural trends. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2025, we employed 28 employees, all of which are full-time. All of our employees a re employed at VICI LP in support of our primary business as a triple- net lease REIT and are primarily located at our corporate headquarters in New York, New York . Corporate Culture and Engagement. We are committed to creating and sustaining a positive work environment and corporate culture that fosters trust, cooperation and inclusion, including through the instillation of our core values, which we refer to as the VICI Values, competitive compensation and benefit programs, training and professional development opportunities, corporate giving and community service events and employee involvement in company initiatives. To assist in fulfilling that commitment, we measure our organizational culture, employee engagement and employee satisfaction through, among other things, an annual, independent third-party employee satisfaction survey and periodic pulse surveys, all of which provide management with insights regarding key issues and priorities to maintain and improve our employee programs and initiatives and the health, well-being and satisfaction of our employees. Board Oversight . Our management reports to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on a regular basis, as well as the full Board of Directors, as necessary, to periodically review our human capital management programs, including those relating to employee engagement, employee compensation and benefits, and related matters, such as training and recruiting, retention and hiring practices. Demographics . As of December 31, 2025, 43% of our directors (and 50% of our independent directors), 46% of our employees and 25% of our executive officers were female. Additionally, 50% of the leadership of our Board of Directors were female as of December 31, 2025. Further, 14% of our directors and 25% of our employees identified as members of an ethnic and/or racial minority group. Compensation and Benefits. We offer a comprehensive employee benefits package, including a 401(k) plan, medical, dental and vision insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, paid maternity/paternity leave for birth and foster/adoption placements and other parenthood pursuit benefits, compassionate and bereavement leave, a flexible time off policy, wellness, technology and travel stipends, and access to an employee assistance program, including mental health and wellness support services. We also seek to provide differentiated benefits to our employees, such as our Portfolio Experience Benefit, which enables employees to experience our properties with an annual stipend, and our 10 Table of Contents charitable matching program administered through the Groundswell Charitable Giving platform. We continually evaluate existing benefits and explore new or expanded benefits to be responsive to employee feedback and seek to improve employee utilization of available benefits and meaningfully enhance employee benefits over time. Education, Training and Development. We invest in employee education, training, and development through regular programs, including our VICI U program and Lunch and Learn seminar series. These sessions, led by internal and external subject-matter experts, advance our employees' understanding of concepts relevant to our business, such as credit underwriting, derivatives and hedging, and sector-specific investing. We also host periodic training and development opportunities with respect to issues such as compliance, communication and feedback, public speaking and engagement, and anti-harassment and other matters outlined in our Code of Business Conduct. We encourage our employees to pursue professional development through external education and certifications through a broadly applicable and flexible professional development reimbursement policy. Our performance management programs include semi-annual performance and career development reviews provided to all of our employees by their direct manager. We continually focus on enhancing our professional development and performance management processes to provide further development and growth opportunities to our employees. Governmental Regulation and Licensing The ownership, operation and management of gaming and racing facilities are subject to pervasive regulation. Each of our gaming and racing facilities is subject to regulation under the laws, rules, and regulations of the jurisdiction in which it is located. Gaming laws and regulations generally require gaming industry participants to: ensure that unsuitable individuals and organizations have no role in gaming operations; establish and maintain responsible accounting practices and procedures; maintain effective controls over their financial practices, including establishment of minimum procedures for internal fiscal affairs and the safeguarding of assets and revenues; maintain systems for reliable record keeping; file periodic reports with gaming regulators; and ensure that contracts and financial transactions are commercially reasonable, reflect fair market value and are arm s length transactions. Gaming laws and regulations primarily impact our business in two respects: (1) our ownership and acquisition of land and buildings in which gaming activities are operated by our tenants; and (2) the operations of our tenants as operators in the gaming industry. Further, many gaming and racing regulatory agencies in the jurisdictions in which our tenants operate require us and our affiliates to apply for and maintain a finding of suitability or a license as a key business entity or supplier because of our status as landlord. If we, our subsidiaries or the tenants of our properties violate applicable gaming laws, our gaming licenses, or the tenants gaming licenses, could be limited, conditioned, suspended or revoked by gaming authorities, and we and any persons involved may face other disciplinary actions, including substantial fines, appointment of a supervisor or conservator to operate our gaming properties, or in some jurisdictions, take title to our gaming assets in the jurisdiction, and under certain circumstances, earnings generated during such appointment could be forfeited to the applicable jurisdictions. Violations of laws in one jurisdiction could result in disciplinary action in other jurisdictions. Finally, the loss or suspension of our gaming licenses could result in a material breach under certain of our leases or an event of default under certain of our indebtedness, including through cross-default provisions in our debt agreements. As a result, violations by us of applicable gaming laws could have a material effect on us. In addition, various corporate actions and transactions must be reported to and, in some cases, approved by certain gaming authorities, including substantially all material loans, leases, sales of securities (including public offerings) and similar financing transactions, management or consulting agreements and changes in control through merger, consolidation, stock or asset acquisitions, or otherwise. Our business and the businesses of our tenants are also subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations in addition to gaming regulations. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, restrictions and conditions concerning alcoholic beverages, environmental matters, labor and employees, anti-discrimination, health care, currency transactions, taxation, zoning and building codes and marketing and advertising. Such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. Emerging forms of gambling, such as internet gaming, sports betting and prediction markets, have introduced regulatory uncertainty and potential conflicts between federal and state jurisdictions. The extent to which these emerging platforms are or will be regulated by existing gaming authorities remains subject to ongoing legal challenges, with conflicting court decisions regarding whether federal commodities law or state gaming law applies. This regulatory uncertainty may impact the traditional gaming regulatory framework and could create disparities in licensing requirements, taxation, and consumer protection obligations between traditional gaming operators and newer platforms. Any of the foregoing, including material changes, new laws or regulations, or material differences in interpretations by courts or governmental authorities, could adversely affect our operating results. 11 Table of Contents Environmental Matters Our properties are subject to environmental laws regulating, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges and the handling and disposal of wastes, the utilization of above or underground storage tanks, or properties that include asbestos-containing building materials. Pursuant to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be required to investigate, remove and/or remediate a release of hazardous substances or other regulated materials at, or emanating from, such property. Further, under certain circumstances, such owners or operators of real property may be held liable for property damage, personal injury and/or natural resource damage resulting from or arising in connection with such releases, including for damage that occurred prior to our ownership of a property or at a site where the current or previous operator of the property sent wastes for disposal. Our properties may also be (or in the future become) subject to additional building and zoning laws, ordinances and codes relating to building performance standards, such as those intended to reduce energy and/or greenhouse gas emissions, which we may be subject to as the owner of real estate. Although we do not operate or manage our properties subject to triple-net leases and our tenants are generally contractually responsible for such operating and management costs, we may be held primarily or jointly and severally liable for costs relating to maintaining compliance with such laws, ordinances and codes. In connection with our real estate ownership, we could be legally responsible for environmental liabilities or costs relating to a release of hazardous substances or other regulated materials at or emanating from such property or compliance with applicable laws, ordinances and codes. The failure to properly maintain compliance with such laws or remediate a property in the event of such release may also adversely affect our ability to lease, sell or rent the property or to borrow funds using the property as collateral. The lease agreements generally obligate our tenants to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations and ordinances and to indemnify us if their noncompliance results in losses or claims against us, and we expect that any future leases will include the same provisions for other operators. A tenant s failure to comply could result in fines and penalties or the requirement to undertake corrective actions, which may result in significant costs to the operator and thus adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. We are not aware of any environmental issues that are expected to have a material impact on the operations of any of our properties. In addition, future laws and regulations relating to sustainability and climate change may include specific disclosure requirements or other obligations that may require additional investments and implementation of new practices and reporting processes. Our tenants control of our leased properties (which is inherent to the triple-net lease structure) presents challenges with respect to our ability to collect property-level environmental data and metrics and implement sustainability initiatives (including energy and emissions reduction), which may in turn impact our ability to comply with certain regulatory requirements to which we are or may become subject. Sustainability We continue to focus on developing our efforts related to implementing and reporting on environmental sustainability efforts at our properties, including our corporate headquarters, our Golf Courses (operated by Cabot-Managed Properties) and our triple-net leased portfolio. We are committed to the improvement of environmental conditions through our business activities within the scope of our capabilities, and we periodically engage with key stakeholders with regard to environmental sustainability priorities, among other things, including through periodic outreach and stakeholder materiality assessments. Governance and Strategy . Our Corporate Responsibility Committee, comprised of employees across multiple functional areas and professional levels, including our Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel, leads our environmental sustainability initiatives (including with respect to climate change). Management retains ultimate responsibility over our environmental sustainability initiatives, engages with the Corporate Responsibility Committee and reports to the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors on a quarterly basis, and more frequently as necessary, with respect to environmental sustainability matters. Additionally, we have engaged a strategic consultant to advise us regarding, among other things, our sustainability performance, our tenant and stakeholder engagement initiatives, and our related reporting (including pursuant to external disclosure frameworks and standards). We continue to progress our corporate responsibility program through initiatives across a broad range of areas, including sustainability initiatives at our golf courses, building efficiency and sustainability data collection and reporting for our triple-net leased portfolio, tenant engagement efforts, greenhouse gas emissions inventory and reporting, alignment and engagement with various sustainability disclosure and scoring frameworks, and the development of internal processes to support and facilitate these initiatives. Golf Courses. We monitor and track available utility data at our Golf Courses in order to evaluate the environmental profile of our operations, the impact of implemented sustainability improvements, and potential opportunities to improve sustainability performance. We have also performed energy and water audits and regulatory assessments at 12 Table of Contents each of the Golf Courses to further inform our sustainability initiatives. A portion of capital expenditures at our Golf Courses each year is spent on projects intended to improve their environmental performance and sustainability, including projects to reduce electricity and fuel usage (and thus, energy usage and emissions), reduce water consumption and improve efficiency, enhance biodiversity, and reduce waste generation in favor of recycling and repurposing. Pursuant to our management agreement with Cabot-Managed Properties with respect to the Golf Courses, we work in partnership with Cabot-Managed Properties to continue to implement sustainability initiatives at the Golf Courses and improve their environmental performance. Triple-Net Lease Portfolio. Our leased properties are operated pursuant to long-term triple-net leases, which provide our tenants with complete control over operations at our leased properties, including the implementation of environmental sustainability initiatives pursuant to their business strategies and objectives. We engage with our tenants periodically to facilitate our understanding of the environmental impact of their operations at our leased properties, including through an annual asset-level environmental sustainability data survey, additional information sharing, and encouraging their implementation of sustainability initiatives in their operations at our leased properties. Certain of our leases permit us to require the collection or reporting of environmental sustainability data (including pursuant to forms of green lease provisions). Although not all of our leases include such provisions, certain of our tenants also report voluntarily regarding such matters. In particular, we request available data with respect to, among other things, water use, electricity/fuel and energy use, Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, waste generation, diversion and recycling, green building certifications and the implementation of efficiency measures with respect to the foregoing. Our tenants pursue a broad range of environmental sustainability programs and initiatives, such as energy, water and waste-related efficiency measures at our properties, on-site renewable energy, operational improvements, and sustainable hospitality programs, and independently report to their respective investors and other stakeholders regarding such programs. Certain of our tenants, including Caesars, MGM, and PENN, have also independently set sustainability-related targets with respect to their overall business and portfolio, which include our leased properties. Climate Change. We evaluate climate change risk throughout our portfolio, including in connection with transactional due diligence regarding individual properties focused on the identification of material physical risks and, with respect to our overall portfolio, regarding the distribution of such physical risks and an assessment of transition risks more broadly. With the assistance of an environmental due diligence provider and consultant, our most recent climate-related risk analysis performed in 2025 was comprised of individual property-level physical risk analyses, multiple climate scenario analyses within our identified time horizons, and transition risk analyses, including review of active and impending sustainable building regulations and additional community resilience assessments with respect to certain geographies in which we own multiple properties (such as Las Vegas, Nevada and Atlantic City, New Jersey). Further, we assessed transition-related climate risks, such as potential legal and regulatory, technological, market-based, and reputational impacts, as applicable to our triple-net lease operating model and portfolio. We have disclosed our climate change strategy, governance, risk management and certain metrics and targets in alignment with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) guidelines, are evaluating disclosure considerations under potential successor frameworks such as the ISSB, and incorporated climate change-related risk under our enterprise risk management framework. We have also shared certain physical climate risk-related findings with our tenants to facilitate their understanding of such risk in connection with their operations at our properties and any independent risk management and mitigation efforts that such tenants may undertake. Investment Policies Our investment objectives are to increase cash flow from operations, achieve sustainable long-term growth and maximize stockholder value to allow for stable dividends and stock appreciation. We have not established a specific policy regarding the relative priority of these investment objectives. Our future investment activities will not be limited to any geographic area or to a specific percentage of our assets. We intend to engage in such future investment activities in a manner that is consistent with our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Investment in Real Estate or Interests in Real Estate. Our business is focused primarily on gaming, hospitality, wellness, entertainment and leisure sector properties and activities directly related thereto, which we refer to as experiential assets . We believe there are significant, ongoing opportunities to acquire or invest in additional gaming, hospitality, wellness, entertainment and leisure assets, both domestically and internationally. We do not have a specific policy to acquire assets primarily for capital gain or primarily for income. In addition, we may purchase or lease income-producing commercial and other types of properties for long-term investment, expand and improve the properties we presently own or other acquired properties, or sell such properties, in whole or in part, when circumstances warrant. 13 Table of Contents We may participate with third parties in property ownership, through joint ventures or other types of co-ownership, and we may engage in such activities in the future if we determine that doing so would be the most effective means of owning or acquiring properties. We do not expect, however, to enter into a joint venture or other partnership arrangement to make an investment that would not otherwise meet our investment policies. We also may acquire real estate or interests in real estate in exchange for the issuance of common stock, preferred stock or options to purchase stock or interests in our subsidiaries, including VICI OP. We may also pursue opportunities to provide mortgage or mezzanine financing, preferred equity investments or other forms of financing for investment in certain situations where such structure provides for strategic growth opportunities and/or partnerships, and may in certain circumstances provide the potential to convert our investment into the ownership of the underlying real estate in a future period. Equity investments in acquired properties may be subject to existing mortgage financing and other indebtedness or to new indebtedness, which may be incurred in connection with acquiring or refinancing these investments. Principal and interest on our debt will have priority over any dividends with respect to our common stock. Investments are also subject to our policy not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Investments in Real Estate Debt. We have made, and may continue to make, investments in mortgages or other forms of real estate-related debt, including, without limitation, traditional mortgages, participating or convertible mortgages, mezzanine loans or preferred equity investments, as well as similar investments with tribal operators in sovereign jurisdictions; provided, in each case, that such investment is consistent with our qualification as a REIT. These investments are generally made for strategic purposes, including (i) the potential to convert our investment into the ownership of the underlying real estate in a future period, (ii) the opportunity to develop relationships with owners and operators that may lead to other investments in experiential asset classes that fit within our investment policies and objectives and (iii) the ability to make initial investments in experiential asset classes outside of gaming with the goal of increasing our investment activity in these asset classes over time. Refer to Item 1A - Risk Factors for a detailed description of risks regarding our investments in real estate debt. Securities of or Interests in Persons Primarily Engaged in Real Estate Activities and Other Issuers. We may invest in securities of other REITs, other entities engaged in real estate activities or securities of other issuers, including for the purpose of exercising control over such entities, subject to the asset tests and gross income tests necessary for our qualification as a REIT. We do not currently have any policy limiting the types of entities in which we may invest or the proportion of assets to be so invested, whether through acquisition of an entity s common stock, limited liability or partnership interests, interests in another REIT or entry into a joint venture. We have no current plans to make additional investments in entities that are not engaged in real estate activities. Our investment objectives are to maximize the cash flow of our investments, acquire investments with growth potential and provide cash distributions and long-term capital appreciation to our stockholders through increases in the value of our company. We have not established a specific policy regarding the relative priority of these investment objectives. Investments in Short-term Commercial Paper and Discount Notes. We may invest our excess cash in short-term investment grade commercial paper as well as discount notes issued by government-sponsored enterprises, including the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and certain of the Federal Home Loan Banks. These investments generally have original maturities of up to 180 days. Financing Policies We expect to employ leverage in our capital structure in amounts that we determine appropriate from time to time. Our Board of Directors has not adopted a policy that limits the total amount of indebtedness that we may incur, but will consider a number of factors in evaluating our level of indebtedness from time to time, as well as the amount of such indebtedness that will be either fixed or variable rate. We are, however, and expect to continue to be, subject to certain indebtedness limitations pursuant to the restrictive covenants of our outstanding indebtedness. We may from time to time modify our debt policy in light of then-current economic conditions, relative availability and costs of debt and equity capital, market values of our properties, general market conditions for debt and equity securities, fluctuations in the market price of our shares of common stock, growth and acquisition opportunities and other factors, which could result in us becoming more highly leveraged. To the extent that our Board of Directors or management determines that it is necessary to raise additional capital, we may, without stockholder approval, borrow money under the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined in Note 7 - Debt ), issue debt or equity securities, including securities senior to our shares, retain earnings (subject to the REIT distribution requirements for U.S. federal income tax purposes), assume indebtedness, obtain mortgage financing on a portion of our owned properties, engage in a joint venture, or employ a combination of these methods. 14 Table of Contents Intellectual Property Most of the properties within our portfolio are currently operated and promoted under trademarks and brand names not owned by us. In addition, properties that we may acquire in the future may be operated and promoted under these same trademarks and brand names, or under different trademarks and brand names we do not, or will not, own. During the term that our properties are managed by our tenants, we are reliant on them to maintain and protect the trademarks, brand names and other licensed intellectual property used in the operation or promotion of the leased properties. Operation of the leased properties, as well as our business and financial condition, could be adversely impacted by infringement, invalidation, unauthorized use or litigation affecting any such intellectual property. In addition, if any of our properties are rebranded, it could have a material adverse effect on us, as such properties may not enjoy comparable recognition or status under a different brand. Corporate Information We were initially organized as a limited liability company in the State of Delaware on July 5, 2016 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. ( CEOC ). On May 5, 2017, we subsequently converted to a corporation under the laws of the State of Maryland and issued shares of common stock to CEOC as part of our formation transactions, which shares were subsequently transferred by CEOC to our initial stockholders. Our principal executive offices are located at 535 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022 and our main telephone number at that location is (646) 949-4631. Our website address is www.viciproperties.com. None of the information on, or accessible through, our website or any other website identified herein is incorporated in, or constitutes a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our electronic filings with the SEC (including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports), including the exhibits, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. 15 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, project, target, can, could, may, should, will, would or similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities law. Forward-looking statements are based on our current plans, expectations and projections about future events. We therefore caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They give our expectations about the future and are not guarantees. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance and achievements to materially differ from any future results, performance and achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based upon our current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements and may be affected by a variety of risks and other factors, including, among others: the impact of changes in general economic conditions and market developments, including inflation, interest rate changes and volatility, tariffs and trade barriers, supply chain disruptions, changes in consumer spending, consumer confidence levels, unemployment levels, governmental action (including significant layoffs or reductions in force among federal government employees or a prolonged U.S. federal government shutdown), and depressed real estate prices resulting from the severity and duration of any downturn or recession in the U.S. or global economy; our ability to successfully pursue and consummate transactions, including investments in, and acquisitions of, real estate and to obtain debt financing for such investments at attractive interest rates, or at all; risks associated with our pending and completed transactions, including our ability or failure to realize the anticipated benefits thereof; our dependence on our tenants at our properties and their affiliates that serve as guarantors of the lease payments, and the negative consequences any material adverse effect on their respective businesses could have on us; the possibility that any pending or future transactions may not be consummated on the terms or timeframes contemplated, or at all, including our ability to obtain the financing necessary to complete any acquisitions on the terms we expect in a timely manner, or at all, the ability of the parties to satisfy the conditions set forth in the definitive transaction documents, including the receipt of, or delays in obtaining, governmental and regulatory approvals and consents required to consummate such transactions, or other delays or impediments to completing the transactions; the anticipated benefits of certain arrangements with certain tenants in connection with our funding of same store capital improvements in exchange for increased rent pursuant to the terms of our agreements with such tenants, which we refer to as the Partner Property Growth Fund strategy; our decision and ability to exercise our purchase rights under our put-call agreements, call agreements, right of first refusal agreements and right of first offer agreements; the credit risk of our tenants and borrowers in connection with the rental and other obligations owed to us under applicable leases, related guarantees, or loan agreements, including risks distinct to our lending activities with respect to development and construction loans for non-stabilized properties; our dependence on the gaming industry, which is characterized by, among other things, a high degree of competition, extensive regulation, and sensitivity to changes in consumer behavior and discretionary spending; our ability to pursue our business and growth strategies may be limited by the requirement that we distribute 90% of our REIT taxable income in order to qualify for taxation as a REIT and that we distribute 100% of our REIT taxable income in order to avoid current entity-level U.S. federal income taxes; the impact of extensive regulation from gaming and other regulatory authorities, including developments relating to the regulation of emerging alternative platforms; the ability of our tenants to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals in connection with the operation of our properties, or the imposition of conditions to such regulatory approvals; the possibility that our tenants may choose not to renew their respective lease agreements following the initial or subsequent terms of the leases; restrictions on our ability to sell our properties subject to the lease agreements; our tenants and any guarantors historical results may not be a reliable indicator of their future results; 16 Table of Contents our substantial amount of indebtedness and ability to service, refinance (at attractive interest rates, or at all), and otherwise fulfill our obligations under such indebtedness; our historical financial information may not be reliable indicators of our future results of operations, financial condition and cash flows; the possibility that we identify significant environmental, tax, legal or other issues, including additional costs or liabilities, that materially and adversely impact the value of assets acquired or secured as collateral (or other benefits we expect to receive) in any of our pending and completed transactions; the impact of changes to tax laws and regulations, including U.S. federal income tax laws, state tax laws or global tax laws; the impact of changes in governmental or regulatory actions and initiatives; the possibility of adverse tax consequences as a result of our pending and completed transactions, including pursuant to tax protection agreements to which we are a party; increased volatility in our stock price, including as a result of our pending and completed transactions; our inability to maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT; the impact of climate change, natural disasters or other severe weather events, war or conflict, geopolitical uncertainty, tariffs and trade barriers, public health conditions, uncertainty or civil unrest, violence or terrorist activities or threats on our properties, or in areas where our properties are located and changes in economic conditions or heightened travel security, and any measures instituted in response to these events; the impact of reduced travel demand or increased costs of travel affecting visitation and operating performance at the properties operated by our tenants, particularly in destination markets such as Las Vegas; the loss of the services of key personnel; the inability to attract, retain and motivate employees; the costs and liabilities associated with environmental compliance; failure to establish and maintain an effective system of integrated internal controls; the risks related to us or our tenants not having adequate insurance to cover potential losses; the potential impact on the amount of our cash distributions if we determine to sell or divest any of our properties in the future or are unable to redeploy capital returned from investments at attractive rates, or at all; our ability to continue to make distributions to holders of our common stock or maintain anticipated levels of distributions over time, including our reliance on distributions received from our subsidiaries, including VICI OP, to make such distributions to our stockholders; competition for transaction opportunities, including from other REITs, investment companies, private equity firms and hedge funds, sovereign funds, lenders, gaming companies and other investors that may have greater resources and access to capital and a lower cost of capital or different investment parameters than us; and additional factors discussed herein and listed from time to time as Risk Factors in our filings with the SEC, including without limitation, in our subsequent reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. Any of the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements could be inaccurate. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the risk that actual results, performance and achievements will differ materially from the expectations expressed herein will increase with the passage of time. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in forward-looking statements, the inclusion of such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us. 17 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. Risk Factors You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. In evaluating us, you should consider carefully, among other things, the risks described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face, but do represent those risks and uncertainties that we believe are material to us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we deem immaterial may also harm our business. Some statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We are and expect to continue to be significantly dependent on our tenants for substantially all of our revenues and, because our tenants are required to pay a significant portion of their cash flow from operations to us pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, our respective lease agreements and other agreements with them, an event that has a material adverse effect on any of our significant tenants could have a material adverse effect on us. We depend on our tenants to operate the properties that we own in a manner that generates revenues sufficient to allow the tenants to meet their obligations to us. Our two largest tenants, Caesars and MGM, comprise approximately 74% of our total leasing revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. Under our respective lease agreements with Caesars and MGM, they are obligated to pay us approximately $1.3 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, in estimated annual lease payments for 2026. Because our leases are triple-net leases, in addition to the rent payment obligations of our tenants, we depend on our tenants to pay substantially all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties and to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims and liabilities arising in connection with their businesses. There can be no assurance that our tenants will have sufficient assets, income or access to financing to enable them to satisfy their payment and other obligations under their leases with us, or that any applicable guarantor will be able to satisfy its guarantee of the applicable tenant s obligations. Our tenants rely on the properties they or their respective subsidiaries own and/or operate for income to satisfy their obligations, including their debt service requirements, and rental and other payments due to us or others, and these payments may constitute a significant portion of their cash flow from operations. If a tenant s income at our leased properties were to significantly decline for any reason, or if a tenant s debt service requirements were to significantly increase or if their creditworthiness were to become impaired for any reason, a tenant or any applicable guarantor may be at risk of violating certain financial or operating covenants under its leases or other agreements with us or other counterparties, or become unable or unwilling to satisfy its payment and other obligations under their leases or other agreements with us or other counterparties. The inability or unwillingness of a significant tenant to meet its payment or other obligations under a lease or other payment obligation with us could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Additionally, these obligations or the actual or potential failure to fulfill such obligations may limit our tenants ability to fund their operations or development projects, raise capital, make acquisitions, and otherwise respond to competitive and economic changes by making investments to maintain and grow their portfolio of businesses and properties, which may adversely affect their competitiveness and the ability of their applicable subsidiaries and guarantors to satisfy their obligations to us under the applicable lease agreements and the related guarantees, respectively. Moreover, given the importance of our significant tenants to our business, a failure on the part of a significant tenant to maintain its business or financial performance or any deterioration of such tenant s creditworthiness could materially and adversely affect us, even in the absence of a default under our agreements with such tenant. Due to our dependence on rental and other payments from our tenants as our primary source of revenue, we may be limited in our ability or willingness to enforce our rights and customary remedies under our lease agreements or other agreements with our tenants, or terminate such agreements or, due to our predominantly master lease structure, certain leases with respect to any particular property. Failure by one of our tenants to comply with the terms of their respective leases or to comply with the gaming regulations to which the leased properties are subject could result in, among other things, the termination of an applicable lease agreement, requiring us to find another tenant for such property or properties to the extent possible, or a decrease or cessation of rental payments by such tenant, as the case may be. In such event, we may lose our interest in a property subject to an applicable ground lease or be unable to locate a suitable, creditworthy tenant at similar rental rates or at all, which would have the effect of reducing our rental revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Financial difficulties experienced by any of our tenants, borrowers or guarantors, including their potential bankruptcy or insolvency, could result in defaults under, or requests to modify or terminate, their lease agreements, related guarantees or loan agreements, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business. We face credit risk from our tenants and borrowers, who may fail to meet their payment and other obligations to us under the applicable leases, loans and related guarantees. We cannot provide assurances that our tenants and borrowers will not default on their obligations and fail to make payments to us. If a tenant or borrower is unable to meet its financial obligations, including required payments to us, such inability may result in delayed rental or loan payments, failure by such tenant or borrower to fulfill their contractual obligations under their lease or loan agreement, such tenant or borrower seeking modifications to their lease or loan agreement, or such tenant s or borrower s bankruptcy or insolvency. In addition, in the event of a bankruptcy or default of one of our tenants, borrowers or their respective guarantors, our ability to enforce our contractual remedies, including any claim for damages under the applicable lease, loan agreement or guarantee, customary foreclosure, may not be paid in full. Adverse developments affecting any of them, whether arising from conditions in the markets in which a tenant operates, the performance of such tenant s portfolio or individual properties therein, or broader economic or industry factors, could impair such tenant s ability to perform its obligations under its lease agreement with us. In such circumstances, a tenant could default on its obligations or, in advance thereof or in connection therewith, seek to modify or renegotiate its lease agreement with us, including with respect to economic provisions (such as rent escalators, base rental payments, capital expenditure requirements, or other provisions), covenants, or changes with respect to the composition of properties under the lease agreement (including the potential sale or disposition of such properties, whether to the tenant or other third parties). A tenant also could take other actions that could impact us, including seeking the ability to sell certain of its operations at our properties, electing not to renew its lease at maturity or pursuing a strategic transaction. Any such modification, non-renewal, strategic transaction or other action could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, the value of the underlying real estate or our ability to re-lease such real estate on comparable terms, or at all. These risks are heightened with respect to our larger tenants due to, among other things, the concentration of our revenues received from them. For example, market commentary has arisen regarding the performance of properties we lease to Caesars under the Caesars Regional Master Lease and the potential impact of such performance on the Company. This recent performance and related market narratives has adversely affected the market price of our common stock and may adversely affect our business and financial performance. Furthermore, with respect to tenants whose obligations are guaranteed by a single guarantor (including Caesars and MGM), although such tenants performance and payments are guaranteed, a default by the applicable tenant, or by the guarantor with respect to its guarantee, may cause a default under certain circumstances with regard to the entire portfolio covered by the respective lease agreements. In the event of such a default, there can be no assurances that the tenants or the guarantor would assume the applicable lease agreements or the related guarantees, and if such lease agreements or guarantees were rejected, the tenant or the guarantor, as applicable, may not have sufficient funds to pay the damages that would be owed to us as a result of the rejection and we might not be able to find a replacement tenant on the same or better terms. For these and other reasons, the bankruptcy of one or more of our tenants, borrowers or their respective guarantors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. In addition, our business could be materially and adversely affected if, in the event that Caesars declares bankruptcy, a bankruptcy court re-characterizes certain components of our transactions with Caesars in connection with the merger between Eldorado Resorts, Inc. and Caesars in 2020 as a disguised financing transaction, specifically our modifications of the Caesars Las Vegas Master Lease to increase the annual rent payable to us associated with Caesars Palace Las Vegas and Harrah s Las Vegas. In the event of re-characterization, our claim under a lease agreement with respect to the additional rent acquired in the Caesars-Eldorado transaction could either be secured or unsecured. The bankrupt tenant and other affiliates of Caesars and their creditors under this scenario may have the ability to restructure the terms, including the amount owed to us under the applicable lease with respect to the additional rent, and, if approved by the bankruptcy court, we could be bound by the new terms and prevented from collecting such additional rent acquired in the Caesars-Eldorado transaction from the date of such approval, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We are dependent on the gaming industry and may be susceptible to risks associated with it, including heightened competition, regulatory developments, changes in consumer behavior and discretionary spending, and the overall macroeconomic environment and outlook. As the landlord and owner of gaming facilities, we are impacted by risks associated with the gaming industry, which is characterized by a high degree of competition among a large number of industry participants, including brick and mortar casinos, riverboat casinos, video lottery, sweepstakes and poker machines not located in casinos, Native American gaming, and internet gaming, sports betting and other forms of gaming and betting in the United States, including emerging platforms such as prediction markets. These prediction markets, which allow users to wager on sports and other events under federal commodities regulation rather than state gaming oversight, have experienced rapid growth and currently operate in states where 19 Table of Contents traditional sports betting remains illegal, creating potential competitive disadvantages for operators subject to state gaming licensing, taxation, and regulatory requirements. To the extent such platforms continue operating with reduced regulatory burdens, our tenants may face material competitive disadvantages that could directly impact their operating performance and, consequently, the rent we receive and the value of our properties. More broadly, gaming operators face competition from all manner of leisure and entertainment activities. Gaming competition is intense in most of the markets where our facilities are located, and may continue to increase as a result of, among other things, the expansion or improvement of facilities by existing market participants, the availability of additional licenses in a given jurisdiction, the entrance of new gaming participants into a market, increased internet gaming, sports betting, and trading on prediction markets, or legislative changes in various jurisdictions (including those relating to the foregoing). As competing properties and new markets are opened, our tenants businesses may be adversely impacted and as a result we may be negatively impacted. Additionally, the casino entertainment industry represents a significant source of tax revenues to the various jurisdictions in which casinos operate. From time to time, various state and federal legislators and officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the administration of such laws, including increases in tax rates, which would affect our gaming tenants and the industry. If adopted, such changes could adversely impact the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of our gaming tenants, including our significant tenants, and the broader outlook for the gaming industry. Historically, economic indicators such as GDP growth, consumer confidence and employment are correlated with demand for gaming, entertainment and leisure properties, including casinos and racetracks, and economic recessions, contractions or slowdowns have generally led to a decrease in discretionary spending on associated leisure activities. In addition, weakened general economic conditions such as, but not limited to, recessions, lackluster recoveries from recessions, contractions, high unemployment levels, higher income taxes, inflation, low levels of consumer confidence, weakness in the housing market, cultural and demographic changes, instability in global, national and regional economic activity and increased stock market volatility have historically adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, leisure and business travel, discretionary spending, consumer preferences, and other areas of economic behavior that directly impact the gaming industry and, as a result, may negatively impact our business, financial condition, and operating cash flows. Other factors over which we and our tenants have no control, including geopolitical conflicts, tariffs and trade barriers, public health crises, labor shortages, travel restrictions, supply chain disruptions and property closures, may also adversely affect the gaming industry. As we are subject to risks inherent in substantial investments in a single industry, a decrease in the gaming business would likely have a greater adverse effect on us than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio, particularly because, among other things, a component of the rent under certa