=== FRT_2026-02-12.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Also, documents that we “incorporate by reference” into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including documents that we subsequently file with the SEC will contain forward-looking statements. When we refer to forward-looking statements or information, sometimes we use words such as “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “plans,” “intends,” “expects,” “believes,” “estimates,” “anticipates” and “continues.” In particular, the below risk factors describe forward-looking information. The risk factors describe risks that may affect these statements but are not all-inclusive, particularly with respect to possible future events. Many things can happen that can cause actual results to be different from those we describe. These factors include, but are not limited to the following: Risk Factors Related to our Real Estate Investments and Operations Revenue from our properties may be reduced or limited if the retail operations of our tenants are not successful. Revenue from our properties depends primarily on the ability of our tenants to pay the full amount of rent and other charges due under their leases on a timely basis. Some of our leases provide for the payment, in addition to base rent, of additional rent above the base amount according to a specified percentage of the gross sales generated by the tenants and generally provide for reimbursement of real estate taxes and expenses of operating the property. Economic, legal, and/or competitive conditions, such as impacts from higher tariffs, changing interest rates, the cost and availability of labor, and changes in federal government spending, may impact the success of our tenants’ retail operations and therefore the amount of rent and expense reimbursements we receive from our tenants. Any reduction in our tenants' abilities to pay base rent, percentage rent, or other charges on a timely basis, including the closing of stores prior to the end of the lease term or the filing by any of our tenants for bankruptcy protection, will adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In the event of default by a tenant, we may experience delays and unexpected costs in enforcing our rights as landlord under lease terms, which may also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our net income depends on the success and continued presence of our “anchor” tenants. Our net income could be adversely affected in the event of a downturn in the business, or the bankruptcy or insolvency, of any anchor store or anchor tenant. Anchor tenants generally occupy large amounts of square footage, pay a significant portion of the total rents at a property and contribute to the success of other tenants by drawing significant numbers of customers to a property. The closing of one or more anchor stores at a property could adversely affect that property and result in lease terminations by, or reductions in rent from, other tenants whose leases may permit termination or rent reduction in those circumstances or whose own operations may suffer as a result. If we were to experience high levels of anchor turnover and closings, an oversupply of larger retail spaces could result and we may see an increase in vacancy, and/or a decrease in rents for those spaces, which could have a negative impact to our net income. As of December 31, 2025, our anchor tenant space is 97.3% leased and 95.5% occupied. A shift in retail shopping from brick and mortar stores to online shopping may have an adverse impact on our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. Many retailers operating brick and mortar stores have made online sales a vital piece of their business. The shift to online shopping may cause declines in brick and mortar sales generated by certain of our tenants and may cause certain of our tenants to reduce the size or number of their retail locations in the future. This risk is partially mitigated by our strategy of maintaining a diverse portfolio of retail properties. The trend of retailers utilizing brick and mortar locations for ‘showroom’ and on-line sales distribution purposes (particularly at shopping centers in densely populated areas like ours) may further mitigate this risk. However, there can be no assurance that our shopping centers will not be further impacted by the shift to online shopping. As a result, our cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 8 Table of Contents We have properties that are geographically concentrated, and adverse economic or real estate market declines in these areas could have a material adverse effect on us. As of December 31, 2025, our tenants operated in 14 states and the District of Columbia. Any adverse situation that disproportionately affects the the markets where our properties are concentrated may have a magnified adverse effect on our portfolio. Refer to “Properties” (Item 2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) for additional discussion of the geographic concentration. Real estate markets are subject to economic downturns, as they have been in the past, and we cannot predict how economic conditions will impact this market in both the short and long term. Declines in the economy or a decline in the real estate market in these states could hurt our financial performance and the value of our properties. Factors that may negatively affect economic conditions in these states include: • business or government layoffs or downsizing; • industry slowdowns; • elevated levels of inflation over an extended period of time; • increasing interest rates; • introduction of new or higher tariffs; • significant decrease in federal government spending; • increased business restrictions due to health crises; • relocations of businesses; • changing demographics; • increased telecommuting and use of alternative work places; • infrastructure quality; • any oversupply of, or reduced demand for, real estate; • concessions or reduced rental rates under new leases for properties where tenants defaulted; and • increased operating costs including insurance premiums and real estate taxes. We may be unable to collect balances due from tenants that file for bankruptcy protection. If a tenant or lease guarantor files for bankruptcy, we may not be able to collect all pre-petition amounts owed by that party. In addition, a tenant that files for bankruptcy protection may terminate our lease in which event we would have a general unsecured claim that would likely be for less than the full amount owed to us for the remainder of the lease term, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may experience difficulty or delay in renewing leases or re-leasing space. We derive most of our revenue directly or indirectly from rent received from our tenants. We are subject to the risks that, upon expiration or termination of leases, whether by their terms, as a result of a tenant bankruptcy, general economic conditions or otherwise, leases for space in our properties may not be renewed, space may not be re-leased, or the terms of renewal or re-lease, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than current lease terms and may include decreases in rental rates. As a result, our net income could be reduced. Our development activities have inherent risks. The ground-up development of improvements on real property, as opposed to the renovation and redevelopment of existing improvements, presents substantial risks. We generally do not look to acquire raw land for future development; however, we do intend to develop and construct additional buildings on projects we already own in order to maximize the value of our real estate. We may also choose to delay completion of a project if market conditions do not allow an appropriate return. If conditions arise and we are not able or decide not to complete a project or if the expected cash flows of our project do not exceed the book value, an impairment of the project may be required. If any new projects are not successful, it may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition to the risks associated with real estate investment in general, as described elsewhere and the specific risks above, the risks associated with our remaining development activities include: • contractor changes may delay the completion of development projects and increase overall costs; • significant time lag between commencement and stabilization subjects us to greater risks due to fluctuations in the general economy; • delivery of residential product into uncertain residential environments may result in lower rents or longer time periods to reach economic stabilization; • substantial amount of our investment is related to infrastructure and the overall value of the project may be negatively impacted if we do not complete subsequent phases; 9 Table of Contents • failure or inability to obtain construction or permanent financing on favorable terms; • expenditure of money and time on projects that may never be completed; • difficulty securing key anchor or other tenants may impact occupancy rates and projected revenue; • inability to achieve projected rental rates or anticipated pace of lease-up; • higher than estimated construction or operating costs, including labor and material costs; and • possible delay in completion of a project because of a number of factors, including public health crises (such as worldwide pandemics), supply chain disruptions and shortages, inflation, climate change and weather, labor disruptions, construction delays or delays in receipt of zoning or other regulatory approvals, acts of terror or other acts of violence, or acts of God (such as fires, earthquakes or floods). Redevelopments and acquisitions may fail to perform as expected. Our investment strategy includes the redevelopment and acquisition of high quality, retail focused properties in densely populated areas with high average household incomes and significant barriers to adding competitive retail supply. The redevelopment and acquisition of properties entail risks that include the following, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to meet our obligations: • our estimate of the costs to improve, reposition or redevelop a property may prove to be too low, or the time we estimate to complete the improvement, repositioning or redevelopment may be too short. As a result, the property may fail to achieve the returns we have projected, either temporarily or for a longer period; • we may not be able to identify suitable properties to acquire or may be unable to complete the acquisition of the properties we identify; • we may not be able to integrate an acquisition into our existing operations successfully; • properties we redevelop or acquire may fail to achieve the occupancy or rental rates we project, within the time frames we project, at the time we make the decision to invest, which may result in the properties’ failure to achieve the returns we projected; • our pre-acquisition evaluation of the physical condition of each new investment may not detect certain defects or identify necessary repairs until after the property is acquired, which could significantly increase our total acquisition costs or decrease cash flow from the property; and • our investigation of a property or building prior to our acquisition, and any representations we may receive from the seller of such building or property, may fail to reveal various liabilities, which could reduce the cash flow from the property or increase our acquisition cost. Our performance and value are subject to general risks associated with the real estate industry. Our economic performance and the value of our real estate assets, and consequently, the value of our investments, are subject to the risk that if our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay distributions to our shareholders will be adversely affected. As a real estate company, we are susceptible to the following real estate industry risks: • economic downturns in general, or in the areas where our properties are located; • adverse changes in local real estate market conditions, such as an oversupply or reduction in demand; • changes in tenant preferences that reduce the attractiveness of our properties to tenants; • zoning or regulatory restrictions; • decreases in market rental rates; • weather conditions that may increase or decrease energy costs and other weather-related expenses; • costs associated with the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-lease space; and • increases in the cost of adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including real estate taxes, associated with one or more properties, which may occur even when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in revenues from one or more properties, although real estate taxes typically do not increase upon a reduction in such revenues. Each of these risks could result in decreases in market rental rates and increases in vacancy rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. Many real estate costs are fixed, even if income from our properties decreases. Our financial results depend primarily on leasing space in our properties to tenants on terms favorable to us. Costs associated with real estate investment, such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, generally are not reduced even when a property is not fully occupied, rental rates decrease, or other circumstances cause a reduction in income from the property. As a result, cash flow from the operations of our properties may be reduced if a tenant does not pay its rent or we are unable to rent our properties on favorable terms. Under those circumstances, we might not be able to enforce our rights as landlord without 10 Table of Contents delays and may incur substantial legal costs. Additionally, new properties that we may acquire or redevelop may not produce any significant revenue immediately, and the cash flow from existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses and debt service associated with such new properties until they are fully occupied. Competition may limit our ability to purchase new properties and generate sufficient income from tenants. Numerous commercial developers and real estate companies compete with us in seeking tenants for our existing properties and properties for acquisition. This competition may: • reduce properties available for acquisition; • increase the cost of properties available for acquisition; • reduce rents payable to us; • interfere with our ability to attract and retain tenants; • lead to increased vacancy rates at our properties; and • adversely affect our ability to minimize expenses of operation. Retailers at our properties also face increasing competition from online retailers, outlet stores, discount shopping clubs and other forms of sales and marketing of goods, such as direct mail. This competition could contribute to lease defaults and insolvency of tenants. If we are unable to continue to attract appropriate retail tenants to our properties, or to purchase new properties in our geographic markets, it could materially affect our ability to generate net income, service our debt and make distributions to our shareholders. We may be unable to sell properties when appropriate because real estate investments are illiquid. Real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. In addition, there are some limitations under federal income tax laws applicable to real estate and to REITs in particular that may limit our ability to sell our assets. We may not be able to alter our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions including being unable to sell a property at a return we believe is appropriate due to the economic environment. Our inability to respond quickly to adverse changes in the performance of our investments could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our obligations and make distributions to our shareholders. We may have limited flexibility in dealing with our jointly owned investments. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount of funds that we may invest in properties and assets owned jointly with other persons or entities. As of December 31, 2025, we held 18 predominantly retail real estate projects jointly with other persons in addition to properties owned in a “downREIT” structure. Additionally, as of December 31, 2025, we owned an interest in the hotel component of Assembly Row. We may make additional joint investments in the future. Our existing and future joint investments may subject us to special risks, including the possibility that our partners or co-investors might become bankrupt, that those partners or co-investors might have economic or other business interests or goals which are unlike or incompatible with our business interests or goals, that those partners or co-investors might be in a position to take action contrary to our suggestions or instructions, or in opposition to our policies or objectives, and that disputes may develop with our joint venture partners over decisions affecting the property or the joint venture, which may result in litigation or arbitration or some other form of dispute resolution. Although as of December 31, 2025, we held the controlling interests in all of our existing co-investments (except the hotel investment discussed above and the investments in the La Alameda, Chandler Festival, and Chandler Gateway shopping centers), we generally must obtain the consent of the co-investor or meet defined criteria to sell or to finance these properties. Joint ownership gives a third party the opportunity to influence the return we can achieve on some of our investments and may adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. We may also be liable for the actions of our co-investors. Our insurance coverage on our properties may be inadequate. We currently carry comprehensive insurance on all of our properties, including insurance for liability, fire, flood, earthquake, environmental matters, rental loss and acts of terrorism. All of these policies contain coverage limitations. We believe these coverages are of the types and amounts customarily obtained for or by an owner of similar types of real property assets located in the areas where our properties are located. We intend to obtain similar insurance coverage on subsequently acquired properties. The availability of insurance coverage may decrease and the prices for insurance may increase as a consequence of significant losses incurred by the insurance industry and other factors outside our control. As a result, we may be unable to renew or duplicate our current insurance coverage in adequate amounts or at reasonable prices. In addition, insurance companies may no longer offer coverage against certain types of losses, such as losses due to terrorist acts, pandemics, and toxic mold, or, if offered, the expense of obtaining these types of insurance may not be justified. We therefore may cease to have insurance 11 Table of Contents coverage against certain types of losses and/or there may be decreases in the limits of insurance available. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of our insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, but still remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. We cannot guarantee that material losses in excess of insurance proceeds will not occur in the future. If any of our properties were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could seriously disrupt our operations, delay revenue and result in large expenses to repair or rebuild the property. Also, due to inflation, changes in codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors, it may not be feasible to use insurance proceeds to replace a building after it has been damaged or destroyed. Further, we may be unable to collect insurance proceeds if our insurers are unable to pay or contest a claim. Events such as these could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to meet our obligations, including distributions to our shareholders. Natural disasters, climate change and health crises, could have an adverse impact on our cash flow and operating results. Climate change may add to the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters and severe weather conditions, impact the availability of natural resources, and create additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. Certain of our operations are located in areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, earthquakes, droughts, snow storms, floods and fires. The impact of climate change or the occurrence of natural disasters can delay new development projects, increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties, increase operating costs, create additional investment costs to make improvements to existing properties to comply with climate change regulations, increase future property insurance costs, impact the availability of water and other natural resources, and negatively impact the tenant demand for space. If insurance is unavailable to us or is unavailable on acceptable terms, or if our insurance is not adequate to cover business interruption or losses from these events, our earnings, liquidity or capital resources could be adversely affected. In addition, our business is subject to risks related to the effects of public health crises, epidemics, and pandemics. Such events could: • inhibit global, national and local economic activity; • drive inflation, adversely affect trading activity in securities markets, which could negatively impact the trading prices of our common shares and debt securities and our ability to access the securities markets as a source of liquidity; • adversely affect our tenants’ financial condition by limiting foot traffic and staffing at their businesses, which could affect their ability to pay rent and willingness to make new leasing commitments; • reduce our cash flow, which could impact our ability to pay dividends at the current rate and in the current format or at all or to service our debt; • temporarily or permanently reduce the demand for retail or office space; • interfere with our business operations by requiring our personnel to work remotely; • increase the frequency of cyber-attacks; • disrupt supply chains that could be important in our development and redevelopment activities; • result in labor shortages; • interfere with potential purchases and sales of properties; • impact our ability to pay dividends at the current rate and in the current format or at all; and • have other direct and indirect effects that are difficult to predict. Such risks depend upon the nature and severity of the public health concern, as well as the extent and duration of government-mandated orders and personal decisions to limit travel, economic activity and personal interaction, none of which can be predicted with confidence. In particular, we cannot predict the impact of stay-at-home and other government orders instituted in response to a public health concern, which may vary by jurisdiction, or a public health concerns' short and long term economic effects, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business Risk Factors Related to our Funding Strategies and Capital Structure The amount of debt we have and the restrictions imposed by that debt could adversely affect our business and financial condition. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $5.0 billion of debt outstanding. Of that outstanding debt, approximately $523.2 million was secured by all or a portion of 8 of our real estate projects. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 82.6% of our debt is fixed rate or is fixed via interest rate swap agreements. Our organizational documents do not limit the level or amount of debt that we may incur. The amount of our debt outstanding from time to time could have important consequences to our shareholders. For example, it could: 12 Table of Contents • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, property acquisitions, redevelopments and other appropriate business opportunities that may arise in the future; • limit our ability to make distributions on our outstanding common shares and preferred shares; • make it difficult to satisfy our debt service requirements; • require us to dedicate increased amounts of our cash flow from operations to payments on debt upon refinancing or on our variable rate, unhedged debt, if interest rates rise; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the factors that affect the profitability of our business; • limit our ability to obtain any additional debt or equity financing we may need in the future for working capital, debt refinancing, capital expenditures, acquisitions, redevelopments or other general corporate purposes or to obtain such financing on favorable terms; and/or • limit our flexibility in conducting our business, which may place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors with less debt or debt with less restrictive terms. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness will depend primarily on our future performance, which to a certain extent is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our business will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt or meet our other cash needs. If we are unable to generate this cash flow from our business, we may be required to refinance all or a portion of our existing debt, sell assets or obtain additional financing to meet our debt obligations and other cash needs, including the payment of dividends required to maintain our status as a real estate investment trust. We cannot assure you that any such refinancing, sale of assets or additional financing would be possible on terms that we would find acceptable. We are obligated to comply with financial and other covenants pursuant to our debt obligations that could restrict our operating activities, and the failure to comply with such covenants could result in defaults that accelerate payment under our debt agreements. Our revolving credit facility, unsecured term loans, and certain series of notes include financial covenants that may limit our operating activities in the future. We are also required to comply with additional covenants that include, among other things, provisions: • relating to the maintenance of property securing a mortgage; • restricting our ability to pledge assets or create liens; • restricting our ability to incur additional debt; • restricting our ability to amend or modify existing leases at properties securing a mortgage; • restricting our ability to enter into transactions with affiliates; and • restricting our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. As of December 31, 2025, we were in compliance with all of our default related financial covenants. If we were to breach any of our default related debt covenants, including the covenants listed above, and did not cure the breach within any applicable cure period, our lenders could require us to repay the debt immediately, and, if the debt is secured, could immediately begin proceedings to take possession of the property securing the loan. Many of our debt arrangements, including our public notes and our revolving credit facility, are cross-defaulted, which means that the lenders under those debt arrangements can put us in default and require immediate repayment of their debt if we breach and fail to cure a default under certain of our other debt obligations. As a result, any default under our debt covenants could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of operations, our ability to meet our obligations and the market value of our shares. Adverse changes in our credit rating could affect our borrowing capacity and borrowing terms. Our credit worthiness is rated by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. The credit ratings assigned are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, financial condition and prospects, and other factors viewed by the credit rating agencies as relevant to our industry and the economic outlook in general. Our credit rating can affect the amount of capital we access, as well as the terms of certain existing and future financing we obtain. Since we depend on debt financing to fund the growth of our business, an adverse change in our credit rating, including actual changes in outlook, or even the initiation of review of our credit rating that could result in an adverse change, could have a material adverse effect on us. Our ability to grow will be limited if we cannot obtain additional capital. Our growth strategy is focused on the development and redevelopment of properties we already own and the acquisition of additional properties. We believe that it will be difficult to fund our expected growth with cash from opera

=== FRT_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report to our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 filed with the SEC on February 12, 2026. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS We have a common share repurchase program, under which we may purchase up to $300.0 million of our outstanding common shares of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value per share from time to time using a variety of methods, including open market, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The specific timing and amount of common share repurchases, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including prevailing share prices, trading volume and general market conditions, along with our working capital requirements, cash flow, and other factors. The program does not require us to repurchase any dollar amount or number of common shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. As of March 31, 2026, no shares have been repurchased through the program. Under the terms of various partnership agreements of certain of our affiliated limited partnerships, the interests of limited partners in those limited partnerships may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, for cash or common shares, at our option. During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we redeemed 3,020 downREIT operating partnership units for cash. From time to time, we could be deemed to have repurchased shares as a result of shares withheld for tax purposes upon a stock compensation related vesting event. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 6. EXHIBITS A list of exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is set forth on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such exhibits and is incorporated herein by reference. 34 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer - Federal Realty Investment Trust (filed herewith) 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer - Federal Realty Investment Trust (filed herewith) 31.3 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer - Federal Realty OP LP (filed herewith) 31.4 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer - Federal Realty OP LP (filed herewith) 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer - Federal Realty Investment Trust (filed herewith) 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer - Federal Realty Investment Trust (filed herewith) 32.3 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer - Federal Realty OP LP (filed herewith) 32.4 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer - Federal Realty OP LP (filed herewith) 101 The following materials from Federal Realty Investment Trust and Federal Realty OP LP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (1) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (3) the Consolidated Statement of Shareholders’ Equity, (4) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (5) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements that have been detail tagged. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 40 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each of the Registrants has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto authorized. FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST FEDERAL REALTY OP LP May 1, 2026 /s/ Donald C. Wood Donald C. Wood, Chief Executive Officer and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST FEDERAL REALTY OP LP May 1, 2026 /s/ Daniel Guglielmone Daniel Guglielmone, Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 41 