=== ALB_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Overview At December 31, 2025, we had the following mineral extraction sites: Location Business Segment Ownership % Extraction Type Stage Argentina Antofalla Energy Storage 100% Brine Exploration Australia Greenbushes Energy Storage 49% Hard rock Production Wodgina (a) Energy Storage 50% Hard rock Production Chile Salar de Atacama (b) Energy Storage 100% Brine Production Jordan Safi (b) Specialties 50% Brine Production United States Kings Mountain, NC Energy Storage 100% Hard rock Exploration Magnolia, AR (b) Specialties 100% Brine Production Silver Peak, NV (b) Energy Storage 100% Brine Production (a) Production of spodumene concentrate at the Wodgina mine resumed in the second quarter of 2022 after it had been idled in 2019, following the acquisition of our interest in Wodgina. On October 18, 2023, we completed the restructuring of our MARBL joint venture, which reduced our ownership percentage of Wodgina from 60% to 50%. (b) Site includes on-site, or otherwise near-by, exclusive conversion facilities. See individual property disclosure below for further details. Aggregate annual production from our mineral extraction facilities is shown in the below table. Amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion based on ownership percentages noted above and are shown in thousands of metric tonnes of 34 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries lithium metal and bromine production. Lithium and bromine are extracted as brine or hard rock concentrate at the extraction facilities. These are then further converted into various compounds and products at on-site processing facilities or other conversion facilities owned by Albemarle around the world. In addition, the brine or concentrate can be used by tolling entities for further processing. Aggregate Annual Production (metric tonnes in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Lithium (lithium metal) (a) Australia Greenbushes (b) 19 19 21 Wodgina (c) 8 6 7 Chile Salar de Atacama (d) 14 13 10 United States Silver Peak, NV 1 1 1 Total lithium metal 42 39 39 Bromine Jordan Safi (e)(f) 57 56 58 United States Magnolia, AR (g) 69 65 65 Total bromine 126 121 123 (a) Lithium production amounts shown as lithium metal. Conversion to lithium carbonate equivalent ( LCE ) is 0.1878 metric tonne of lithium metal to 1 metric tonne of LCE. (b) Production from Greenbushes represents 49% of production of the Greenbushes mine, which is attributable to the Company s interest in the Windfield joint venture. (c) Production amounts presented from Wodgina represent 60% of production of the Wodgina mine which is attributable to the Company s interest in the MARBL joint venture until October 18, 2023, when we reduced our ownership percentage to 50% following the restructuring of the MARBL joint venture with MRL. The above production amounts reflect that change in ownership percentage beginning on October 18, 2023. (d) The Salar de Atacama operation also produces potash (potassium chloride), bischofite, halite and sylvinite as byproducts. However, the Company does not consider production of these byproducts as material to the economics of the operation. (e) Production from Safi represents the 50% production by the Jordan Bromine Project, which is attributable to the Company s interest in the JBC joint venture. (f) The Safi operation also produces potassium hydroxide ( KOH ) as a byproduct. However, the Company does not consider production of this byproduct as material to the economics of the operation. (g) In addition, elemental sulfur and sodium hydrosulfide solution ( NaHS ) are manufactured from the sour gas produced by the Magnolia operation. However, the Company does not consider these products as material to the economics of the operation. See individual property disclosure below for further details regarding mineral rights, titles, property size, permits and other information for our significant mineral extraction properties. The extracted brine or hard rock is processed at facilities on location (as described below) or processed, or further processed, at other facilities throughout the world. The following table provides a summary of our mineral resources, exclusive of reserves, at December 31, 2025. The below mineral resource amounts are rounded and shown in thousands of metric tonnes. Where applicable, the amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion based on ownership percentages noted. The relevant technical information supporting mineral resources for each material property is included in the Material Individual Properties section below, as well as in the technical report summaries filed as Exhibits 96.1 to 96.6 to this report. 35 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Measured Mineral Resources Indicated Mineral Resources Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources Inferred Mineral Resources Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Lithium - Hard Rock: Australia Greenbushes (a) 62,500 1.2% 62,500 1.2% 43,100 1.6% Wodgina (b) 23,600 1.0% 23,600 1.0% 15,100 1.3% United States Kings Mountain, NC 63,860 1.4% 63,860 1.4% 27,610 1.2% Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Concentration (mg/L) Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Concentration (mg/L) Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Concentration (mg/L) Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Concentration (mg/L) Lithium - Brine: Argentina Antofalla 521 427 382 381 903 406 888 364 Chile Salar de Atacama 732 2,255 691 2,042 1,422 2,146 146 1,785 United States Silver Peak, NV 7 169 11 155 17 160 102 130 (a) Through our Windfield joint venture, we own a 49% interest in the Greenbushes mine. We are therefore reporting 49% of Greenbushes mineral resources. (b) Through our MARBL joint venture, we own a 50% interest in Wodgina. We are therefore reporting 50% of Wodgina s mineral resources. The feedstock for the Safi, Jordan site, owned 50% by Albemarle through its JBC joint venture, is drawn from the Dead Sea, a nonconventional reservoir owned by the nations of Israel and Jordan. As such, there are no specific resources owned by JBC, but Albemarle s joint venture partner, Arab Potash Company ( APC ) has exclusive rights granted by the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to withdraw brine from the Dead Sea and process it to extract minerals. The measured resource of bromide ion attributable to Albemarle s 50% interest in its JBC joint venture is estimated to be 162.43 million metric tonnes. JBC is extracting approximately 1 percent of the bromine available in Jordan s share of the Dead Sea. Bromide concentration in the Dead Sea is estimated to average 5,000 parts per million ( ppm ). There are no mineral resource estimates at the Magnolia, AR bromine extraction site. All bromine mineral accumulations of economic interest and with reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction within the Magnolia production lease area are either currently on production or subject to an economically viable future development plan and are classified as mineral reserves. The following table provides a summary of our mineral reserves at December 31, 2025. The below mineral reserve amounts are rounded and shown in thousands of metric tonnes. The amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion based on ownership percentages noted above. The relevant technical information supporting mineral reserves for each material property is included in the Material Individual Properties section below, as well as in the technical report summaries referenced in Exhibits 96.1 to 96.6 to this report. 36 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Proven Mineral Reserves Probable Mineral Reserves Total Mineral Reserves Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Lithium - Hard Rock: Australia Greenbushes (a) 79,800 1.9% 79,800 1.9% Wodgina (b) 51,100 1.3% 51,100 1.3% Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Concentration (mg/L) Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Concentration (mg/L) Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Concentration (mg/L) Lithium - Brine: Chile Salar de Atacama 188 2,643 120 2,385 308 2,270 United States Silver Peak, NV 14 97 64 119 78 115 Bromine: United States Magnolia, AR (c) 2,264 395 2,658 (a) Through our Windfield joint venture, we own a 49% interest in the Greenbushes mine. We are therefore reporting 49% of Greenbushes mineral reserves. (b) Through our MARBL joint venture, we own a 50% interest in Wodgina. We are therefore reporting 50% of Wodgina s mineral resources. (c) The concentration of bromine at the Magnolia site varies based on the physical location of the field and can range over 6,600 mg/L. All bromine reserves reported by Albemarle for the JBC project are classified as proven mineral reserves. The mineral reserve estimate for the Safi, Jordan bromine site attributable to Albemarle s 50% interest in its JBC joint venture is approximately 2.1 million metric tonnes of bromine from the Dead Sea. This estimate is based on the time available under the concession agreement with the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan and the processing capability of the JBC plant. As only approximately one percent of the available resource is consumed from the Dead Sea, as noted above, the reserve estimate is based on the amount the JBC plant can produce over until the end of 2058, when the APC concession agreement ends. Bromide ion concentration of concentrated bromide-enriched brine from the APC evaporation pond used to estimate the reserve from the Dead Sea was 8,775 ppm based on historical pumping. Mineral resource and reserve estimates were prepared by a QP with an effective date provided in the individual technical report summaries referenced in Exhibits 96.1 to 96.6 to this report. Differences between the amounts in the table above and those amounts in the technical report summaries represent estimated depletion from the effective date of the report until December 31, 2025. Our mineral resource and reserve estimates are based on many factors, including the area and volume covered by our mining rights, assumptions regarding our extraction rates based upon an expectation of operating the mines on a long-term basis and the quality of in-place reserves. Internal Controls The modeling and analysis of our mineral resources and reserves was developed by our site personnel and reviewed by several levels of internal management, as well as the QP for each site. The development of such resources and reserves estimates, including related assumptions, were prepared by a QP. When determining resources and reserves, as well as the differences between resources and reserves, management developed specific criteria, each of which must be met to qualify as a resource or reserve, respectively. These criteria, such as demonstration of economic viability, points of reference and grade, are specific and attainable. The QP and management agree on the reasonableness of the criteria for the purposes of estimating resources and reserves. Calculations using these criteria are reviewed and validated by the QP. 37 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Estimations and assumptions were developed independently for each significant mineral location. All estimates require a combination of historical data and key assumptions and parameters. When possible, resources and data from public information and generally accepted industry sources, such as governmental resource agencies, were used to develop these estimations. Each site has developed quality control and quality assurance ( QC/QA ) procedures, which were reviewed by the QP, to ensure the process for developing mineral resource and reserve estimates were sufficiently accurate. QC/QA procedures include independent checks (duplicates) on samples by third party laboratories, blind blank/standard insertion into sample streams, duplicate sampling, among others. In addition, the QPs reviewed the consistency of historical production at each site as part of their analysis of the QC/QA procedures. See details of the controls for each site in the technical summary reports filed as Exhibits 96.1 to 96.6 to this report. We recognize the risks inherent in mineral resource and reserve estimates, such as the geological complexity, the interpretation and extrapolation of field and well data, changes in operating approach, macroeconomic conditions and new data, among others. The capital, operating and economic analysis estimates rely on a range of assumptions and forecasts that are subject to change. In addition, certain estimates are based on mineral rights agreements with local and foreign governments. Any changes to these access rights could impact the estimates of mineral resources and reserves calculated in these reports. Overestimated resources and reserves resulting from these risks could have a material effect on future profitability. Material Individual Properties Greenbushes, Australia The Greenbushes mine is a hard rock, open pit mine (latitude 33 52 S, longitude 116 04 E) located approximately 250km south of Perth, Western Australia, 90km southeast of the port of Bunbury, a major bulk-handling port in the southwest of Western Australia. The lithium mining operation is near the Greenbushes townsite located in the Shire of Bridgetown- 38 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Greenbushes. Access to the Greenbushes Mine is via the paved South Western Highway between Bunbury and Bridgetown to Greenbushes Township and via the paved Maranup Ford Road to the Greenbushes Mine. Lithium production from the Greenbushes Mine has been undertaken continuously for more than 20 years. Modern exploration has been undertaken on the property since the mid-1980s, first by Greenbushes Limited, then by Lithium Australia Ltd and in turn by Sons of Gwalia prior to the acquisition of Greenbushes by Talison in 2007. Initial exploration focused largely on tantalum, with the emphasis changing to lithium from around 2000. In 2014, Rockwood acquired a 49% ownership interest in Windfield, which owns 100% of Talison, from Sichuan Tianqi Lithium Industries Inc. This 49% ownership in Windfield was assumed by Albemarle in 2015 as part of the acquisition of Rockwood. We purchase lithium concentrate from Windfield, and our investment in the joint venture is reported as an unconsolidated equity investment on our balance sheet. About 55% of the tenements held by Talison are covered by Western Australia s State Forest, which is under the authority of the Western Australia Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions. The majority of the remaining land is private land that covers about 40% of the surface rights. The remaining ground comprises crown land, road reserves and other miscellaneous reserves. The tenements cover a total area of approximately 10,000 hectares and include the historic Greenbushes tin, tantalum and current lithium mining areas. See section 3 of the Greenbushes technical report summary, filed as Exhibit 96.1 to this report, for a listing of tenements held by the Greenbushes site. Talison holds the mining rights for all lithium minerals on these tenements. The operating open pit lithium mining and processing plant area covers approximately 3,500 hectares comprising three mining leases. All lithium mining activities, including tailings storage, processing plant operations, open pits and waste rock dumps, are currently carried out within the boundaries of the three mining leases plus two general purpose leases. In order to keep the granted tenements in good standing, Talison is required to maintain permits, make an annual contribution to the statutory Mining Rehabilitation Fund and pay a royalty on concentrate sales for lithium mineral production as prescribed under the Mining Act 1978 in Western Australia. There are no private royalties that apply to the Greenbushes property. Talison continues to review all tenements on an annual basis and ensures compliance with relevant regulatory requirements and fees for maintenance of these tenements. The Greenbushes pegmatite deposit consists of a primary pegmatite intrusion (Central Lode) with a smaller, sub-parallel pegmatite to the east (Kapanga). The primary intrusion and its subsidiary dikes and pods are concentrated within shear zones within a metamorphic belt consisting of granofels, ultramafic schists and amphibolites. The pegmatites are crosscut by mafic dolerite dikes. The Central Lode pegmatite is over 3 kilometers long (north by northwest), up to 300 meters wide (normal to dip), strikes north to north-west and dips moderately to steeply west to south-west. The Kapanga deposit sits approximately 300 m to the east of the Central Lode deposit with strike length of 1.8 km, thickness averaging 150 meters and dips between 40 o and 60 o toward the west. Current drilling has defined the Kapanga deposit to approximately 450 meters depth below surface. The major minerals from the Greenbushes pegmatite are quartz, spodumene, albite and K-feldspar. The main lithium-bearing minerals are spodumene (containing approximately 8% lithium oxide) and varieties kunzite and hiddenite. Minor to trace lithium minerals include lepidolite mica, amblygonite and lithiophilite. Lithium is readily leached in the weathering environment and thus is virtually non-existent in weathered pegmatite. Exploration drilling at Greenbushes has been ongoing for over 40 years using reverse circulation and diamond drill holes. Three lithium mineral processing plants are currently operating on the Greenbushes site, two chemical grade plants and a technical grade plant. Tailings are discharged to the tailings storage facility without the need for any neutralization process. Additional infrastructure on site includes power and water supply facilities, a laboratory, administrative offices, occupational health/safety/training offices, dedicated mines rescue area, stores, storage sheds, workshops and engineering offices. The Greenbushes site also leases production drills, excavators, trucks and various support equipment to extract the ore deposit by open pit methods. Talison s power is delivered by a local distribution system and reticulated and metered within the site. Water is sourced from rainfall and stored in several process dams located on site. We consider the condition of all of our plants, facilities and equipment to be suitable and adequate for the businesses we conduct, and we maintain them regularly. As of December 31, 2025, our 49% ownership interest of the gross asset value of the facilities at the Greenbushes site was approximately $1.1 billion. Greenbushes completed construction of a new third chemical grade plant with commercial production expected during 2026. Other planned upgrades to the infrastructure include a new mine service area, a new mine access road, expansions of warehouse and laboratories and the expansion of tailings facilities. Talison ships the chemical-grade lithium concentrate in vessels to our facilities in Meishan, Qinzhou and Xinyu, China to process into battery-grade lithium hydroxide. In addition, the output from Talison can be used by tolling entities in China to produce both lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. A summary of the Greenbushes facility s lithium mineral resources, exclusive of reserves, and reserves as of December 31, 2025 is shown in the following tables. SLR International Corporation ( SLR ), a third-party firm comprising mining experts 39 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries in accordance with Item 1302(b)(1) of Regulation S-K, served as the QP and prepared the estimates of lithium mineral resources and reserves at the Greenbushes facility, with an effective date of June 30, 2025. A copy of the QP s most recent technical report summary with respect to the lithium mineral resource and reserve estimates at the Greenbushes facility, dated February 11, 2026, with an effective date of June 30, 2025, is filed as Exhibit 96.1 to this report. Economic assumptions remain unchanged from June 30, 2025. The June 30, 2025 resources and reserves have been depleted for actual production and is reported as of December 31, 2025 in the below table. The amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion based on a 49% ownership percentage, and are presented as metric tonnes of lithium ore in thousands. The Greenbushes mineral resources, exclusive of reserves, estimates with depletion from production from the effective date of the report through December 31, 2025 are summarized in the following table: Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Indicated mineral resources 62,500 1.2% Inferred mineral resources 43,100 1.6% Amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion of mineral resources of 49%. Mineral resources are reported exclusive of mineral reserves. Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. Mineral resources have been reported as in situ (hard rock within an optimized pit shell and above the effective cut-off grade), with reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction remaining available. Classification of the Mineral Resource has taken into account varying confidence levels and assessment, and whether the appropriate account has been taken for all relevant factors, i.e., relative confidence in tonnage/grade, computations, confidence in the continuity of geology and grade, quantity and distribution of the data and the results reflect the view of the QP. The cut-off grade of 0.3% Li2O is based on estimated mining and processing costs and recovery factors. The long-term price of $1,500/metric tonne of product over a timeline of 7 to 10 years is above the current spot price and was selected based on the reasonable long-term prospect rather than the short-term viability (0.5 to 2 years). Mineral resources tonnage and contained metal have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate, and numbers may not add due to rounding. The Greenbushes indicated mineral resources of 62.5 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 increased by 66% from 37.6 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The Greenbushes inferred mineral resources of 43.1 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 increased by 426% from 8.2 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The overall increase in mineral resources was primarily driven by material additional drilling completed predominately targeting underground area, significant reinterpretation and modeling of the deposits and a decreased cut-off grade from 0.55% to 0.3%. The Greenbushes mineral reserve estimates with depletion from production from the effective date of the report through December 31, 2025 are summarized in the following table: Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Probable mineral reserves: Open Pit 78,300 1.9% Stockpiles 400 2.3% Tailings Storage Facilities 1,100 1.4% Amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion of mineral resources and mineral reserves of 49%. Mineral reserves are reported exclusive of mineral resources. Mineral reserves are reported on a dry basis Mineral reserves are reported considering a nominal set of assumptions for reporting purposes: Based on a selling price of $1,300/metric tonne for chemical grade concentrate (6% Li2O), and concentrate transport and selling cost of $44.4/metric tonne. The selling price represents the Fastmarkets cost, insurance and freight ( CIF ) China/Korea/Japan ( CKJ ) low-case 10-year average price. Mineral reserves modifying factors result in ore loss of approximately 3% and dilution of approximately 6.3%. Material with a Li2O grade greater than or equal to 0.5% is included in the life of mine plan as potential plant feed. A blended feed to meet the iron oxide specifications is schedule as part of the life of mine plan and only material that is fed into the plant is reported as mineral reserves. The economic cut-off grade calculation is based on $1.85/metric tonne-ore incremental ore mining cost, $34.44/metric tonne-ore processing cost, $9.33/metric tonne-ore general and administrative cost and $12.62/metric tonne sustaining capital cost. The price, cost and mass yield parameters produce a calculated economic cut-off grade of 0.5% Li2O. 40 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries The mass yield for ore processed through the chemical and technical plants is estimated based on formulas that vary depending on the Li2O%. For chemical grade plant 1, the formula is mass yield % = 9.362 Feed Li2O%&#x5E;1.319. For chemical grade plant 2 and chemical grade plant 3, the formula is mass yield % = (9.362 Feed Li2O%&#x5E;1.319) + (Feed Li2O% 0.57). The tailings storage facility formula is mass yield % = 41.4 and the TRP formula is mass yield % = 9.7. Costs estimated in Australian Dollars were converted to U.S. dollars based on an exchange rate of AUD 1.00:$0.66. Waste tonnage within the Mineral Reserve pit is 687.0 million metric tonnes at a strip ratio of 4.3:1 (waste to ore not including stockpiles). Mineral reserve tonnage, grade and mass yield have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate, and numbers may not add due to rounding. Mineral reserves metric tonnes are rounded to the nearest hundred thousand tonnes. The Greenbushes total mineral reserves of 79.8 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 increased by 7% from 74.5 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The increase in total mineral reserves was primarily driven by the decrease in cut-off grade from 0.7% to 0.5% and changes in pit design and changes in the modifying factors to align with operational practices, partially offset by mine depletion from 2025 production. Additional information about key assumptions and parameters relating to the lithium mineral resources and reserves at the Greenbushes facility is discussed in sections 11 and 12, respectively, of the Greenbushes technical report summary. Wodgina, Australia The Wodgina property, which includes a hard rock, open pit mine (latitude -21 11' 25"S, longitude 118 40' 25"E ) is located approximately 110 km south-southeast of Port Hedland, Western Australia between the Turner and Yule Rivers. The area includes multiple prominent greenstone ridges up to 180 m above mean sea level surrounded by granitic plains and lowlands. The property is accessible via National Highway 1 to National highway 95 to the Wodgina camp road. All roads to site are paved. The nearest large regional airport is in Port Hedland which also hosts an international deep-water port facility. In addition, a site dedicated all-weather airstrip is located near to site, capable of landing certain aircrafts. 41 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries The Wodgina pegmatite deposits were discovered in 1902. Since then, the pegmatite-hosted deposits have been mined for tin, tantalum, beryl, and lithium by various companies. Mining occurred sporadically until Goldrim Mining formed a new partnership with Pan West Tantalum Pty Ltd., who opened open pit mining at the site in 1989 and progressively expanded during the 1990s. Active mining at the Mt. Cassiterite pit has been started and stopped regularly between 2008 and the present. The mine was placed on care and maintenance in 2008, 2012, and most recently in 2019. In 2016, MRL acquired the mine and upgraded the processing facilities and site infrastructure to 750ktpa spodumene plant producing 6% spodumene concentrate, completed in 2019. On October 31, 2019, we completed the acquisition of a 60% interest in this hard rock lithium mine project and formed an unincorporated joint venture with MRL, named MARBL. We formed MARBL for the exploration, development, mining, processing and production of lithium and other minerals (other than iron ore and tantalum) from Wodgina. On October 18, 2023, we closed on the restructuring of the MARBL joint venture with MRL, which resulted in the reduction of our ownership interest in Wodgina to 50% from 60%. Wodgina holds mining tenements within the Karriyarra native title claim and are subject to the Land Use Agreement dated March 2001 between the Karriyarra People and Gwalia Tantalum Ltd (now Wodgina Lithium, a 100% subsidiary of MRL, our MARBL joint venture partner). See section 3 of the Wodgina technical report summary, filed as Exhibit 96.2 to this report, for a listing of all mining and exploration land tenements, which are in good standing and without any known impediments. Certain tenements are due for renewal in 2026 and another in 2030. Drilling and exploration activities have been conducted throughout the mining life of the Wodgina property. The Wodgina mine is a pegmatite lithium deposit with spodumene the dominant mineral. The lithium mineralization occurs as 10 - 30 cm long grey-white spodumene crystals within medium grained pegmatites comprising primarily of quartz, feldspar, spodumene, and muscovite. Typically, the spodumene crystals are oriented orthogonal to the pegmatite contacts. The facilities at Wodgina consist of a three stage crushing plant, the spodumene concentration plant, administrative offices, an accommodation camp, a power station, gas pipeline, three mature and reliable water bore fields, extension for future tailing storage and a fleet of owned and leased mine production equipment. The gas pipeline feeds the site power station to provide the power to the facilities. Water is obtained from the dedicated water bore fields. We consider the condition of all of our plants, facilities and equipment to be suitable and adequate for the businesses we conduct, and we maintain them regularly. As of December 31, 2025, our 50% ownership interest of the gross asset value of the facilities at our Wodgina site was approximately $414.4 million. A summary of the Wodgina facility s lithium mineral resources, exclusive of reserves, and reserves as of December 31, 2025 is shown in the following tables. SLR served as the QP and prepared the estimates of lithium mineral resources and reserves at the Wodgina facility, with an effective date of June 30, 2025. A copy of the QP s most recent technical report summary with respect to the lithium mineral resource and reserve estimates at the Wodgina facility, dated February 11, 2026, with an effective date of June 30, 2025, is filed as Exhibit 96.2 to this report. Economic assumptions remain unchanged from June 30, 2025. The June 30, 2025 resources and reserves have been depleted for actual production and is reported as of December 31, 2025 in the below table. The amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion based on a 50% ownership percentage, and are presented as metric tonnes of lithium ore in thousands. The Wodgina mineral resources, exclusive of reserves, estimates with depletion from production from the effective date of the report through December 31, 2025 are summarized in the following table: Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Indicated mineral resources 23,600 1.0% Inferred mineral resources 15,100 1.3% Amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion of mineral resources of 50%. Mineral resources are reported exclusive of mineral reserves. Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. Mineral resources have been reported as in situ (hard rock within an optimized pit shell and above the effective cut-off grade), without applying mining dilution, mining losses, or process losses. Classification of the Mineral Resource has taken into account varying confidence levels and assessment, and whether the appropriate account has been taken for all relevant factors, i.e., relative confidence in tonnage/grade, computations, confidence in the continuity of geology and grade, quantity and distribution of the data and the results reflect the view of the QP. The cut-off grade of 0.5% Li2O is based on estimated mining and processing costs and recovery factors. The mineral resources are reported above 0.5% Li2O cut-off for in situ pegmatites within the open cut, 0.75% within the underground, and above 0% for tailings storage facilities, as all material would be mined and recovered. 42 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries The underground mineral resources are reported in areas of 10 meter thickness, below the open pit mineral resources. The long-term price of $1,500/metric tonne CIF CKJ of chemical grade concentrate over a timeline of 7 to 10 years is above the current spot price and was selected based on the reasonable long-term prospect rather than the short-term viability (0.5 to 2 years). Costs estimated in Australian Dollars were converted to U.S. dollars based on an exchange rate of AUD 1.00:$0.66. Mineral resources tonnage and contained metal have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate, and numbers may not add due to rounding. The Wodgina indicated mineral resources of 23.6 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 increased by 2% from 23.3 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The Wodgina inferred mineral resources of 15.1 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 increased by 11% from 14.5 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The increase in total mineral resources was primarily driven by the the reclassification of certain reserves to resources, partially offset by mine depletion from 2025 production. The Wodgina mineral reserve estimates with depletion from production from the effective date of the report through December 31, 2025 are summarized in the following table: Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Grade (Li 2 O%) Probable mineral reserves: Open Cut 43,200 1.4% Stockpiles 500 0.8% Tailings Storage Facilities 7,400 1.0% Amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion of mineral resources and mineral reserves of 50%. Mineral reserves are reported exclusive of mineral resources. Mineral reserves are reported on a dry basis Mineral reserves are reported considering a nominal set of assumptions for reporting purposes: Based on a selling price of $1,300/metric tonne CIF CKJ of chemical grade concentrate (benchmark 6% Li2O). Assumes variable mining recoveries based on grade, oxidation, thickness, and search distance, sourced from MRL. The total mining recoveries are 91.7% for the open cut pit and 100% for the tailings storage facilities. Mineral resources were converted to mineral reserves using plant recovery equations, sourced from MRL and based on plant data. The plant processing recovery equations depend on the material type, weathering, and in some circumstances, the Li2O% grade of the plant feed. Costs estimated in Australian Dollars were converted to U.S. dollars based on an exchange rate of AUD 1.00:$0.66. The economic cut-off grade calculation is based on $2.10/metric tonne-ore incremental ore mining cost, $33.63/metric tonne-ore processing cost, $11.79/metric tonne-ore general and administrative cost, $5.73/metric tonne sustaining capital cost and US$53.22/metric tonne-ore selling cost, inclusive of shipping. Incremental ore mining costs are the costs associated with the run-of-mine loader, stockpile rehandling, grade control assays and rockbreaker. The price, cost and mass yield parameters produce a calculated economic cut-off grade of 0.75% Li2O, however, due to the internal constraints of the current operations, an elevated mineral reserves cut-off grade of 0.75% Li2O has been applied. Waste tonnage within the Mineral Reserve pit is 356.8 million metric tonnes at a strip ratio of 3.4:1 (waste to ore not including stockpiles). Mineral reserve tonnage, grade and mass yield have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate, and numbers may not add due to rounding. Mineral reserves metric tonnes are rounded to the nearest hundred thousand tonnes. The Wodgina total mineral reserves of 51.1 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 decreased by 9% from 56.0 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The decrease in total mineral reserves was primarily driven by updates to the pit design and modifying factors, as well as mine depletion from 2025 production. Additional information about key assumptions and parameters relating to the lithium mineral resources and reserves at the Wodgina facility is discussed in sections 11 and 12, respectively, of the Wodgina technical report summary. 43 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Salar de Atacama/La Negra, Chile The Salar de Atacama is located in the commune of San Pedro de Atacama, with the operations approximately 100 kilometers to the south of this commune, in the extreme east of the Antofagasta Region and close to the border with the republics of Argentina and Bolivia. Access to the property is on the major four-lane paved Panamericana Route 5 north from Antofagasta, Chile approximately 60 km northeast to B-385. On B-385, a two-lane paved highway, the Albemarle Salar de Atacama project (latitude 23 38'31.52"S, longitude 68 19'30.31"W) is approximately 175 km to the east. The site has a small private airport that serves the project. A small paved runway airport is also located near San Pedro de Atacama and a large international airport is located in Antofagasta. The La Negra plant (latitude 23 45'20.31"S, longitude 70 18'36.92"W) has direct access roads and is located approximately 20 km by paved four lane highway Route 28 southeast of Antofagasta turning north approximately 3 km on Route 5. In the early 1960s, water with high concentrations of salts was discovered in the Salar de Atacama Basin. In January 1975, one of our predecessors, Foote Mineral Company, signed a long-term contract with the Chilean government for mineral rights with respect to the Salar de Atacama consisting exclusively of the right to access lithium brine, covering an area of approximately 16,700 hectares. See section 3 of the Salar de Atacama technical report summary, filed as Exhibit 96.3 to this report, for a listing of mining concessions at the Salar de Atacama site. The contract originally permitted the production and sale of up to 200,000 metric tons of lithium metal equivalent ( LME ), a calculated percentage of LCE. In 1981, the first construction of evaporation ponds in the Salar de Atacama began. The following year, the construction of the lithium carbonate plant in La Negra began. In 1990, the facilities at the Salar de Atacama were expanded with a new well system and the capacity of the lithium carbonate plant in the La Negra plant was expanded. In 1998, the lithium chloride plant in La Negra began operating, the same year that Chemetall purchased Foote Mineral Company. Subsequently, in 2004, Chemetall was acquired by Rockwood, and in 2015, Rockwood was acquired by Albemarle. Effective January 1, 2017, the Chilean government and Albemarle entered into an annex to the original agreement through which its duration was modified, extending it until the balance of: (a) the original 200,000 metric tons of LME and an additional 262,132 metric tons of LME granted through this 44 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries annex have been exploited, processed, and sold, or (b) on January 1, 2044, whichever comes first. In addition, the amended agreement provides for commission payments to the Chilean government based on sales price/metric ton on the amounts sold under the additional quota granted, our support of research and development in Chile of lithium applications and solar energy, and our support of local communities in Northern Chile. Albemarle currently operates its extraction and production facilities in Chile under this mineral rights agreement with the Chilean government. The Salar de Atacama is a salt flat, the largest in Chile, located in the Atacama Desert in northern Chile, which is the driest non-polar place on the planet and thus has an extremely high annual rate of evaporation and extremely low annual rainfall. Our extraction through evaporation process works as follows: snow in the Andes Mountains melts and flows into underground pools of water containing brine, which generally have high concentrations of lithium. We then pump the water containing brine above ground through a series of pumps and wells into a network of large evaporation ponds. Over the course of approximately 18-24 months, the desert sun evaporates the water causing other salts to precipitate and leaving behind concentrated lithium brine. If weather conditions are not favorable, the evaporation process may be prolonged. After we obtain the lithium brine from the Salar de Atacama, we process it into lithium carbonate and lithium chloride at our manufacturing facilities in nearby La Negra, Chile. The filling materials of the Salar de Atacama Basin are dominated by the Vilama Formation and the more recently, in geologic time, by evaporitic and clastic materials that are currently being deposited in the basin. These units house the basin's aquifer system and are composed of evaporitic chemical sediments that include carbonate, gypsum and halite intervals interrupted by volcanic deposits of large sheets of ignimbrite, volcanic ash and smaller classical deposits. Lithium-rich brines are extracted from the halite aquifer that is located within the nucleus of the salt flat. The Salar de Atacama basin contains a continental system of lithium-rich brine. These types of systems have six common (global) characteristics: arid climate; closed basin that contains a salt flat (salt crust), a salt lake, or both; igneous and/or hydrothermal activity; tectonic subsidence; suitable sources of lithium; and sufficient time to concentrate the lithium in the brine. In the Salar de Atacama basin, lithium-rich brines are found in a halite aquifer. Carbonate and sulfates are found near the edges of the basin. The concentrations of lithium in the Salar de Atacama basin range from approximately 1,000 mg/L to 7,700 mg/L, but are primarily contained between 1,500 mg/L and 6,000 mg/L. From 2017 through 2023, at least five drilling campaigns were carried out in order to obtain geological and hydrogeological information at the Albemarle mining concession. The facilities at the Salar de Atacama consist of extraction wells, evaporation and concentration ponds, leaching plants, a potash plant, a drying plant, a Salar yield improvement plant, services and general areas, including salt stockpiles, as well as a fleet of owned and leased equipment. In addition, the site includes administrative offices, an operations building and a laboratory. The extracted concentrated lithium brine is sent to the La Negra plant by truck for processing. The Salar de Atacama has its own powerhouse that generates the energy necessary for the entire operation of the facilities. We also have permanent and continuous groundwater exploitation rights for two wells that are for industrial use and to supply the Salar de Atacama facilities. The La Negra facilities consist of three boron removal plants, three calcium and magnesium removal plants, three lithium carbonate conversion plants, a lithium chloride plant, evaporation-sedimentation ponds, an offsite area where the raw materials are housed and the inputs that are used in the process are prepared, a dry area where the various products are prepared, as well as a fleet of owned and leased equipment. La Negra is supplied electricity from a local company and has rights to a well in the Peine community for its water supply. We consider the condition of all of our plants, facilities and equipment to be suitable and adequate for the businesses we conduct, and we maintain them regularly. As of December 31, 2025, the combined gross asset value of our facilities at the Salar de Atacama and in La Negra, Chile (not inclusive of construction in process) was approximately $2.4 billion. A summary of the Salar de Atacama facility s lithium mineral resources, exclusive of reserves, and reserves as of December 31, 2025 are shown in the following tables. SRK Consulting (U.S.) Inc. ( SRK ) served as the QP and prepared the estimates of lithium mineral resources (exclusive of reserves) and reserves at the Salar de Atacama facility. A copy of the QP s most recent technical report summary with respect to the lithium mineral resource and reserve estimates at the Salar de Atacama facility, dated February 9, 2026, with an effective date of June 30, 2025, is filed as Exhibit 96.3 to this report. Economic assumptions remain unchanged from June 30, 2025. The June 30, 2025 resources and reserves have been depleted for actual production and is reported as of December 31, 2025 in the below table. The amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion based on a 100% ownership percentage, and are presented as metric tonnes of lithium metal in thousands. The Salar de Atacama mineral resource, exclusive of reserves, estimates with depletion from production from the effective date of the report to December 31, 2025 are summarized in the following table: 45 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Li Concentration (mg/L) Measured mineral resources 732 2,255 Indicated mineral resources 691 2,042 Measured and Indicated mineral resources 1,422 2,146 Inferred mineral resources 146 1,785 Mineral resources are reported exclusive of mineral reserves. Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. Given the dynamic reserve versus the static resource, a direct measurement of resources post-reserve extraction is not practical. Therefore, as a simplification, to calculate mineral resources, exclusive of reserves, the quantity of lithium pumped in the life of mine plan was subtracted from the overall resource without modification to lithium concentration. Measured and indicated resource were deducted proportionate to their contribution to the overall mineral resource. Resources are reported on an in situ basis. Resources are reported above the elevation of 2,200 meters above sea level. Resources are reported as lithium metal. Resources have been categorized subject to the opinion of a QP based on the amount/robustness of informing data for the estimate, consistency of geological/grade distribution, survey information. Resources have been calculated using drainable porosity estimated from measured values in Upper Halite and Volcano-sedimentary units, and bibliographical values based on the lithology and QP s experience in similar deposits. The following assumptions were used in developing the 2025 resource model: The estimated economic cut-off grade utilized for resource reporting purposes is 1,138 mg/l lithium, based on the following assumptions: A technical grade lithium carbonate price of $18,000/metric tonne CIF Asia. This is an 13% premium to the price utilized for reserve reporting purposes. The 13% premium applied to the resource versus the reserve was selected to generate a resource larger than the reserve, ensuring the resource fully encompassed the reserve while still maintaining reasonable prospect for economic extraction. Recovery factors for the salar operation are applied in the year in which the brine is pumped and increase gradually over the span of 3 year, from the current 43% to the proposed Salar yield improvement program 60% recovery in 2027. After that point, evaporation pond recovery is a constant 60%. An additional recovery factor of 80% lithium recovery is applied to the La Negra lithium carbonate plant. An average life of mine annual brine pumping rate of 230 L/s is assumed to meet drawdown constraint consistent with activation of Albemarle s early warning plan. Operating cost estimates are based on a combination of fixed brine extraction, general and administrative, and plant costs and variable costs associated with raw brine pumping rate or lithium production rate. Average life of mine operating cost is calculated at approximately $6,742/metric tonne CIF Asia. Sustaining capital costs are included in the cut-off grade calculation and post the Salar yield improvement program installation average around $100 million per year. Royalties are included in the cut-off grade calculation and average approximately $1,807/metric tonne of lithium carbonate produced. Mineral resources tonnage and contained metal have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate, and numbers may not add due to rounding. The Salar de Atacama measured and indicated mineral resources of 1.4 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 increased by 29% from 1.1 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. Inferred mineral resources of 146,400 metric tonnes decreased by 12% from 166,000 metric tonnes. The net increase in total mineral resources was driven by new modeling completed in development of the current technical report summary as well as a decrease in the reserves due to reduced pumping rates associated with Albemarle s early warning plan and the potential expiration of the quota extraction period before the full quota is achieved. The new model assumptions included a higher estimated economic cut-off grade, lower pricing, a lower annual brine pumping rate and higher operating cost estimates. The Salar de Atacama reserve estimates with depletion from production from the effective date of the report through December 31, 2025 are summarized in the following table: 46 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Concentration (mg/L) Proven mineral reserves: In Situ 162 2,606 In Process 27 2,869 Probable mineral reserves: In Situ 120 2,385 Total mineral reserves: In Situ 281 2,507 In Process 27 2,869 In process reserves quantify the prior 24 months of pumping data and reflect the raw brine, at the time of pumping. These reserves represent the first 24 months of feed to the lithium process plant in the 2024 economic model. Proven reserves have been estimated as the lithium mass pumped during 2026 through mid-2036 of the proposed life of mine plan maintaining 10.5 years of proven reserve. Probable reserves have been estimated as the lithium mass pumped from mid-2036 until the end of the proposed life of mine plan (2041). The ratio of in situ proven to probable reserves has remained consistent through depletion since the development of the reserve model in 2025 with approximately 58% of the reserve designated as proven and 42% of the reserve designated as probable. Reserves are reported as lithium metal on a 100% ownership basis. This mineral reserve estimate was derived based on a production pumping plan truncated in September 2041 (i.e., approximately 15.75 years). This plan was truncated to reflect the termination date of Albemarle s authorized lithium production quota. The 2025 reserve model used as the basis for depletion has not been updated. The following assumptions were used in developing that model: The estimated economic cut-off grade for the project is 1,348 mg/l lithium, based on the assumptions discussed below. The truncated production pumping plan remained well above the economic cut-off grade (i.e., the economic cut-off grade did not result in a limiting factor to the estimation of the reserve). A technical grade lithium carbonate price of $16,000/metric tonne CIF Asia. Recovery factors for the Salar operation are applied in the year the brine is pumped and increase gradually over the span of 3 years, from the current 43% to the proposed Salar yield improvement program 60% recovery in 2027. After that point, evaporation pond recovery remains relatively constant at 60%, An additional recovery factor of 80% lithium recovery is applied to the La Negra lithium carbonate plant. A life of mine average annual brine pumping rate of 230 L/s is assumed to be constraint with activation of Albemarle s early warning plan. Operating cost estimates are based on a combination of fixed brine extraction, general and administrative, and plant costs and variable costs associated with raw brine pumping rate or lithium production rate. Average life of mine operating cost is calculated at approximately $6,742/metric tonne CIF Asia. Sustaining capital costs are included in the cut-off grade calculation and post the Salar yield improvement program installation, average around $100 million per year. Royalties are included in the cut-off grade calculation and average approximately $1,807/metric tonne of lithium carbonate produced. Mineral reserve tonnage, grade and mass yield have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate and numbers may not add due to rounding. The Salar de Atacama total mineral reserves of 308,000 metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 decreased by 33% from 458,000 metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The decrease in total mineral reserves was driven by new modeling completed in development of the current technical report summary as well as a decrease in the reserves due to reduced pumping rates associated with Albemarle s early warning plan and the potential expiration of the quota extraction period before the full quota is achieved. The new model assumptions included a higher estimated economic cut-off grade, lower pricing, a lower annual brine pumping rate and higher operating cost estimates. Due to the risk of reducing pumping rates associated with the early warning plan, we have started investigating alternative options to mitigate the impacts to surrounding water table levels. For example, by including direct lithium extraction with solution re-injection, we may be able to increase pumping rates to pre-early warning plan levels, resulting in an increase to the production from the Salar de Atacama and full utilization of the La Negra processing facilities. We are also planning studies to determine the most efficient use of the Salar yield improvement project to maximize lithium production from the Salar de Atacama, regardless of pumping rates. Additional information about key assumptions and parameters relating to the lithium mineral resources and reserves at the Salar de Atacama facility is discussed in sections 11 and 12, respectively, of the Salar de Atacama technical report summary. 47 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Silver Peak, Nevada The Silver Peak site (latitude 37.751773 N, longitude 117.639027 W) is located in a rural area approximately 30 miles southwest of Tonopah, in Esmeralda County, Nevada. It is located in the Clayton Valley, an arid valley historically covered with dry lake beds (playas). The operation borders the small, unincorporated town of Silver Peak, Nevada. Albemarle uses the Silver Peak site for the production of lithium brines, which are used to make lithium carbonate. Access to the site is off of the paved highway SR-265 in the town of Silver Peak, Nevada. The administrative offices are located on the south side of the road. The process facility is on the north side of the road and the brine operations are located approximately three miles east of Silver Peak on Silver Peak Road and occupy both the north and south sides of the road. In addition, access to the site is also possible via gravel/dirt roads from Tonopah, Nevada and Goldfield, Nevada. Lithium brine extraction in the Clayton Valley began in the mid-1960 s by one of our predecessors, the Foote Mineral Company. Since that time, lithium brine operations have been operated on a continuous basis. In 1998, Chemetall purchased Foote Mineral Company. Subsequently, in 2004, Chemetall was acquired by Rockwood, and in 2015, Rockwood was acquired by Albemarle. Our mineral rights in Silver Peak consist of our right to access lithium brine pursuant to our permitted and certified senior water rights, a settlement agreement with the U.S. government, originally entered into in June 1991, and our patented and unpatented land claims. Pursuant to the 1991 agreement, our water rights and our land claims, we have rights to all lithium that we can remove economically from the Clayton Valley Basin in Nevada. See section 3 of the Silver Peak technical report summary, filed as Exhibit 96.4 to this report, for a listing of patented and unpatented claims at the Silver Peak site. We have been operating at the Silver Peak site since 1966. Our Silver Peak site covers a surface of over 13,500 acres, more than 10,500 acres of which we own through a subsidiary. The remaining acres are owned by the U.S. government from whom we lease the land pursuant to unpatented land claims that are renewed annually. Actual surface disturbance associated with the operations is 7,390 acres, primarily associated with the evaporation ponds. The manufacturing and administrative activities are confined to an area approximately 20 acres in size. 48 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries We extract lithium brine from our Silver Peak site through substantially the same evaporation process we use at the Salar de Atacama. We process the lithium brine extracted from our Silver Peak site into lithium carbonate at our plant in Silver Peak. It is hypothesized that the current levels of lithium dissolved in brine originate from relatively recent dissolution of halite by meteoric waters that have penetrated the playa in the last 10,000 years. The halite formed in the playa during the aforementioned climatic periods of low precipitation and that the concentrated lithium was incorporated as liquid inclusions into the halite crystals. There are no current exploration activities on the Silver Peak lithium operation. The facilities at Silver Peak consist of extraction wells, evaporation and concentration ponds, a lithium carbonate plant, an anhydrous lithium hydroxide plant (for processing lithium hydroxide monohydrate), a liming plant, wellfield and mill maintenance, a shipping and packaging facility and administrative offices, as well as a fleet of owned and leased equipment. Silver Peak is supplied electricity from a local company and we currently have two operating fresh water wells nearby that supply water to the facilities. We consider the condition of all of our plants, facilities and equipment to be suitable and adequate for the businesses we conduct, and we maintain them regularly. As of December 31, 2025, the gross asset value of our facilities at our Silver Peak site was approximately $219.7 million. A summary of the Silver Peak facility s lithium mineral resources, exclusive of reserves, and reserves as of December 31, 2025 is shown in the following tables. SRK served as the QP and prepared the estimates of lithium mineral resources (exclusive of reserves) and reserves at the Silver Peak facility. A copy of the QP s most recent technical report summary with respect to the lithium mineral resource and reserve estimates at the Silver Peak facility, dated February 8, 2025, with an effective date of June 30, 2024, is filed as Exhibit 96.4 to this report. Economic assumptions remain unchanged from June 30, 2024. The June 30, 2024 resources and reserves have been depleted for actual production and is reported as of December 31, 2025 in the below table. The amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion based on a 100% ownership percentage, and are presented as metric tonnes of lithium metal in thousands. The Silver Peak mineral resources, exclusive of reserves, estimates with depletion from production from the effective date of the report through December 31, 2025 are summarized in the following table: Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Concentration (mg/L) Measured mineral resources 7 169 Indicated mineral resources 11 155 Measured and Indicated mineral resources 17 160 Inferred mineral resources 102 130 Mineral resources are reported exclusive of mineral reserves on a 100% ownership basis. Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. Given the dynamic reserve versus the static resource, a direct measurement of resources post-reserve extraction is not practical. Therefore, as a simplification, to calculate mineral resources exclusive of reserves, the quantity of lithium pumped in the life of mine plan was subtracted from the overall resource without modification to lithium concentration. Measured and Indicated resources were deducted proportionate to their contribution to the overall mineral resource. Resources are reported on an in situ basis. Resources are reported as lithium metal. The resources have been calculated from the block model above 740 meters above sea level. Resources have been categorized subject to the opinion of a QP based on the amount/robustness of informing data for the estimate, consistency of geological/grade distribution, survey information. Resources have been calculated using drainable porosity estimated from bibliographical values based on the lithology and QP s experience in similar deposits. The following assumptions were used in developing the 2024 resource model, and have not been updated for the December 31, 2025 reporting: The estimated economic cut-off grade utilized for resource reporting purposes is 63 mg/L lithium, based on the assumptions discussed below. A technical grade lithium carbonate price of $20,000/metric tonne CIF Asia. This is an 18% premium to the price utilized for reserve reporting purposes. The 18% premium applied to the resource versus the reserve was selected to generate a resource larger than the reserve, ensuring the resource fully encompassed the reserve while still maintaining reasonable prospect for economic extraction. Recovery factors for the wellfield are = -206.23*(Li wellfield feed) 2 +7.1903*(wellfield Li feed)+0.4609. An additional 78% lithium recovery factor is applied to the lithium carbonate plant. A sustainable fixed brine pumping rate of 20,000 acre feet per year, ramped up from current levels. Operating cost estimates are based on a combination of fixed brine extraction, general and administrative, and plant costs and variable costs associated with raw brine pumping rate or lithium production rate. Average life of mine operating costs is calculated at approximately $6,829/metric tonne lithium carbonate CIF Asia. 49 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Sustaining capital costs are included in the cut-off grade calculation and include a fixed component of approximately $284 million through the ramp-up period to sustainably pumping 20,000 acre feet per year, then an estimated $20 million per year in addition to the estimated number of wells replaced and new wells drilled per year. Mineral Resources tonnage and contained metal have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate, and numbers may not add due to rounding. There were no material changes in the Silver Peak mineral resources, exclusive of reserves at December 31, 2025 compared to December 31, 2024. The Silver Peak reserve estimates with depletion from production from the effective date of the report through December 31, 2025 are summarized in the following table: Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Concentration (mg/L) Proven mineral reserves: In Situ 12 96 In Process 1 104 Probable mineral reserves: In Situ 64 119 Total mineral reserves: In Situ 76 115 In Process 1 104 In process reserves quantify the prior 24 months of pumping data and reflect the raw brine at the time of pumping. These reserves represent the first 24 months of feed to the lithium process plant. Proven reserves have been estimated as the lithium mass pumped from the existing wells from 2026 through the first half of 2032 of the proposed life of mine plan. Probable reserves have been estimated as the lithium mass pumped from existing wells from the second half of 2032 and all new proposed production wells from installation until the end of the proposed life of mine plan (2053). The ratio of in situ Proven to Probable reserves has remained consistent through depletion since the development of the reserve model in 2024, with approximately 16% of the reserve designated as proven and 84% of the reserve designated as probable. Reserves are reported as lithium metal on a 100% ownership basis. This mineral reserve estimate was derived based on a production pumping plan truncated at the end of 2053 (i.e., approximately 28 years). This plan was truncated to reflect the QP s opinion on uncertainty associated with the production plan, as a direct conversion of measured and indicated resources to proven and probable reserve is not possible in the same way as a typical hard rock mining project. The reserve model used as the basis for depletion was updated in 2024, and has not been updated for the December 31, 2025 reporting. The following assumptions were used in developing that model: The estimated economic cut-off grade for the Silver Peak project is 76 mg/l lithium, based on the assumptions discussed below. The production pumping plan was truncated due to technical uncertainty inherent in long-term production modeling and remained well above the economic cut-off grade (i.e., the economic cut-off grade did not result in a limiting factor to the estimation of the reserve). A technical grade lithium carbonate price of $17,000/metric tonne CIF Asia. Recovery factors for the wellfield are = -206.23*(Li wellfield feed) 2 +7.1903*(wellfield Li feed) + 0.4609. An additional 78% lithium recovery factor is applied to the lithium carbonate plant. A sustainable fixed brine pumping rate of 20,000 acre feet per year, ramped up from current levels over a period of 7 years. Operating cost estimates are based on a combination of fixed brine extraction, general and administrative, and plant costs and variable costs associated with raw brine pumping rate or lithium production rate. Average life of mine operating costs are calculated at approximately $6,829/metric tonne lithium carbonate CIF Asia. Sustaining capital costs are included in the cut-off grade calculation and include a fixed component of approximately $284 million through the ramp-up period to sustainably pumping 20,000 acre feet per year, then an estimated $20 million per year in addition to the estimated number of wells replaced and new wells drilled per year. Mineral reserve tonnage, grade and mass yield have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate (thousand tonnes), and numbers may not add due to rounding. The Silver Peak total mineral reserves of 77,700 metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 decreased by 2% from 79,400 metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The decrease in total mineral reserves was driven by depletion during the year. Additional information about key assumptions and parameters relating to the lithium mineral resources and reserves at the Silver Peak facility is discussed in sections 11 and 12, respectively, of the Silver Peak technical report summary. 50 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Safi, Jordan Our 50% interest in JBC, a consolidated joint venture established in 1999, with operations in Safi, Jordan, acquires bromine that is originally sourced from the Dead Sea. JBC processes the bromine at its facilities into a variety of end products. The JBC operation (latitude 31 8'34.85"N , longitude 35 31'34.68"E ) is located in Safi, Jordan, and is located on a 33 hectare area on the southeastern edge of the Dead Sea, about 6 kilometers north of the of the APC plant. JBC also has a 2 hectare storage facility within the free-zone industrial area at the Port of Aqaba. The Jordan Valley Highway/Route 65 is the primary method of access for supplies and personnel to JBC. The Port of Aqaba is the main entry point for supplies and equipment for JBC, where imported shipping containers are offloaded from ships and are transported by truck to JBC via the Jordan Valley Highway. Aqaba is approximately 205 km south of JBC via Highway 65. Major international airports can be readily accessed either at Amman or Aqaba. Jordan s railway transport runs north-south through Jordan and is not used to transport JBC employees and product. In 1958, the Government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan granted APC a concession for exclusive rights to exploit the minerals and salts from the Dead Sea brine until 2058; at that time, APC factories and installations would become the property of the Government. APC was granted its exclusive mineral rights under the Concession Ratification Law No. 16 of 1958. APC produces potash from the brine extracted from the Dead Sea. A concentrated bromide-enriched brine extracted from APC s evaporation ponds is the feed material for the JBC plant. Following the formation of the joint venture, the JBC bromine plant began operations in 2002. Expansion of the facilities to double its bromine production capacity went into operation in 2017. The climate, geology and location provide a setting that makes the Dead Sea a valuable large-scale natural resource for potash and bromine. Today, the Dead Sea has an estimated surface area of 569 km 2 and a brine volume of 106 km 3 . The Dead Sea is the world s saltiest natural lake, containing high concentrations of ions compared to that of regular seawater and an unusually high amount of magnesium and bromine. There is an estimated 666 million tonnes of bromine in the Dead Sea. 51 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Mining methods consist of all activities necessary to extract brine from the Dead Sea and extract Bromine. The low rainfall, low humidity and high temperatures in the Dead Sea area provide ideal conditions for recovering potash from the brine by solar evaporation. JBC obtains its feedbrine from APC s evaporation pond and this supply is intimately linked to the APC operation. As evaporation takes place the specific gravity of the brine increases until its constituent salts progressively crystallize and precipitate out of solution, starting with sodium chloride (common salt) precipitating out to the bottom of the ponds (pre-carnallite ponds). Brine is transferred to other pans in succession where its specific gravity increases further, ultimately precipitating out of the sodium chloride. Carnallite precipitation takes place at the evaporation pond where it is harvested from the brine and pumped as slurry to a process plant (where the potassium chloride is separated from the magnesium chloride). JBC extracts the bromide-rich, carnallite-free brine through a pumping station. This brine feeds the bromine and magnesium plants. There is no exploration as typically conducted for the characterization of a mineral deposit. Infrastructure and facilities to support the operation of the bromine production plant at the Safi site is compact and contained in an approximately 33 hectare area. Fresh water is sourced from the Mujib Reservoir, a man-made reservoir. JBC is supplied electricity from the National Electric Power Company of Jordan. JBC ships product in bulk through a storage terminal in Aqaba. There are above ground storage tanks as well as pumps and piping for loading these products onto ships. JBC main activities at Aqaba are raw material/product storing, importing, and exporting. An evaporation pond collects the waste streams from pipe flushing, housekeeping, and other activities. We consider the condition of all of our plants, facilities and equipment to be suitable and adequate for the businesses we conduct, and we maintain them regularly. As of December 31, 2025, our 50% ownership interest of the gross asset value of the facilities at the Safi, Jordan site was approximately $280.0 million. A summary of the Safi facility s bromine mineral resources and reserves as of December 31, 2025 is provided below. RESPEC Consulting Inc., a third-party firm comprising mining experts in accordance with Item 1302(b)(1) of Regulation S-K, served as the QP and prepared the estimates of bromine mineral resources and reserves at the Safi facility, with an effective date of December 31, 2025. A copy of the QP s amended technical report summary with respect to the bromine mineral resource and reserve estimates at the Safi facility, dated February 5, 2026, is filed as Exhibit 96.5 to this report. The feedstock is drawn from the Dead Sea, a nonconventional reservoir owned by the nations of Israel and Jordan. As such, there are no specific resources owned by JBC, but Albemarle s joint venture partner, APC, has exclusive rights granted by the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to withdraw brine from the Dead Sea and process it to extract minerals. Revenues are based on a forecast bromine price ranging from $2,690 to $4,890 per metric tonne and the operating cost is approximately $501 per metric tonne . The measured resource of bromide ion attributable to Albemarle s 50% interest in its JBC joint venture is estimated to be approximately 162.43 million metric tonnes. JBC is extracting approximately one percent of the bromine available in Jordan s share of the Dead Sea. Bromide concentration in the Dead Sea is estimated to average approximately 5,000 ppm. The cut-off grade of the Albemarle bromine operations has been estimated to be at 1,000 ppm. The bromide ion concentration in the brine extracted which feeds the bromine plants, significantly exceeds the selected cut-off grade. The Safi measured mineral resources of 162.43 million metric tonnes of bromide ion at December 31, 2025 decreased by 5% from 173.93 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The decrease in measured mineral resources was driven by depletion and evaporation in the Dead Sea during the year. All bromine reserves reported by Albemarle for the JBC project are classified as proven mineral reserves. The mineral reserve estimate attributable to Albemarle s 50% interest in its JBC joint venture is approximately 2.1 million metric tonnes of bromine from the Dead Sea. This estimate is based on the time available under the concession agreement with the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan and the processing capability of the JBC plant. As only approximately one percent of the available resource is consumed from the Dead Sea, as noted above, the reserve estimate is based on the amount the JBC plant can produce over until the end of 2058, when the APC concession agreement ends. Revenues are based on a forecast bromine price ranging from $2,690 to $4,890 per metric tonne and the operating cost is approximately $501 per metric tonne . At the plant process recovery of 82 percent (bromine from bromide), product bromine is estimated at approximately 125,000 metric tonnes per year. Bromide ion concentration of concentrated bromide-enriched brine from the APC evaporation pond used to estimate the reserve from the Dead Sea was approximately 8,775 ppm based on historical pumping. The cut-off grade of the Albemarle bromine operations has been estimated to be at 1,000 ppm. The bromide ion concentration in the brine extracted which feeds the bromine plants, significantly exceeds the selected cut-off grade. The Safi total mineral reserves of 2.1 million of bromine metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 increased by 5% from 2.0 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The increase in total mineral reserves was driven by an increase in the planned annual pumping rate and product bromine production. The end date of the forecast remained unchanged due to the concession agreement. Additional information about key assumptions and parameters relating to the bromine mineral resources and reserves at the Safi facility is discussed in sections 11 and 12, respectively, of the Safi technical report summary. 52 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Magnolia, Arkansas Magnolia is located in the southwest Arkansas, north of the center of Columbia County, approximately 50 miles east of Texarkana and 135 miles south of Little Rock. Our facilities include two separate production plants, the South Plant and the West Plant. The South Plant (latitude 33.1775 N, longitude 93.2161 W) is accessible via U.S. Route 79 and paved local roads. The West Plant (latitude 33.2648 N, longitude 93.3151 W) is accessible by U.S. Route 371 and paved local roads. The decentralized well sites around the brine fields are accessed via paved Arkansas Highways 19, 98, 160 and 344. In Magnolia, bromine is recovered from underground brine wells and then processed into a variety of end products at the plant on location. Albemarle has more than 50 brine production and injection wells that are currently active on the property. Albemarle s area of bromine operation is comprised of over 9,500 individual leases with local landowners comprising a total area of over 99,500 acres. The leases have been acquired over time as field development extended across the field. Each lease continues for a period of 25 years or longer until after a two year period where brine is not injected or produced from/to a well within two miles of lease land areas, as long as lease rentals are continuing to be paid. See section 3 of the Magnolia technical report summary, filed as Exhibit 96.6 to this report, for a map of leases and burdens on those leases at the Magnolia site. Bromine extraction began in Magnolia in 1965 as the first brine supply well was drilled, and additional wells were put into production over the next few years. In 1987, a predecessor company took over operations of certain brine supply and injection wells, which Albemarle continues to operate to this day. Albemarle has continued to drill new production and injection wells, as needed, to maintain production profile targets. In Magnolia, bromine exists as sodium bromide in the formation waters or brine of the Jurassic age Smackover Formation, a geological formation in Arkansas, in the subsurface at 7,000 to 8,500 feet below sea level. The mineralization occurs within the highly saline Smackover Formation waters or brine where the bromide has an abnormally rich composition. The bromine concentration is more than twice as high as that found in normal evaporated seawater. The bromine mineralization of the brine is distributed throughout the porous intervals of the upper and middle Smackover on the property. The strong permeability and porosity of the Smackover grainstones provide excellent continuity of the bromine mineralization within the brine. The facilities at Magnolia consist of brine production and injection wells, brine ponds, two bromine processing plants, pipelines between the plants and wells, a laboratory, storage and warehouses, administrative offices, as well as a fleet of owned and leased equipment. Our Magnolia facilities are supplied electricity from a local company and we currently have several operating freshwater wells nearby that supply water to the facilities. In addition, both plants have dedicated rail spurs that provide access to several rail lines to transport product throughout the country. We consider the condition of all of our plants, facilities and equipment to be suitable and adequate for the businesses we conduct, and we maintain them regularly. As of December 31, 2025, the gross asset value of our facilities at our Magnolia site was approximately $1.2 billion. 53 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries A summary of the Magnolia facility s bromine mineral reserves as of December 31, 2025 is shown in the following table. RPS Energy Canada Ltd served as the QP and prepared the estimates of bromine mineral reserves at the Magnolia facility, with an effective date of December 31, 2025. A copy of the QP s most recent technical report summary with respect to the bromine mineral resource and reserve estimates at the Magnolia facility, dated February 11, 2026, is filed as Exhibit 96.6 to this report. The amounts represent Albemarle s attributable portion based on a 100% ownership percentage, and are presented as metric tonnes in thousands. There are no mineral resource estimates at the Magnolia, AR bromine extraction site. All bromine mineral accumulations of economic interest and with reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction within the Magnolia production lease area are either currently on production or subject to an economically viable future development plan and are classified as mineral reserves. Amount ( 000s metric tonnes) Proven mineral reserves 2,264 Probable mineral reserves 395 Total mineral reserves 2,658 Reserves are reported as bromine, on an in situ basis. The estimated economic cut-off grade utilized for reserve reporting purposes is 1,000 mg/L bromine, with a bromine price ranging from $2,690 to $4,890 per metric tonne and operating costs ranging from $1,460 to $2,136 per metric tonne. Recovery factors for the Magnolia operation are 79% and 84% for the proven mineral reserves and total mineral reserves, respectively. The concentration of bromine at the Magnolia site varies based on the physical location of the field and can range up to over 6,600 mg/L. The Magnolia total mineral reserves of 2.7 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2025 decreased by 9% from 2.9 million metric tonnes at December 31, 2024. The decrease in total mineral reserves was driven by depletion of the reserve during the year, as well as updates to the forward-looking pumping plan and bromine production volumes. Additional information about key assumptions and parameters relating to the bromine mineral reserves at the Magnolia facility is discussed in section 12 of the Magnolia technical report summary. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are involved in litigation incidental to our business and are a party to a number of legal actions and claims, various governmental proceedings and private civil lawsuits, including, but not limited to, those related to environmental and hazardous material exposure matters, product liability and breach of contract. Some of the legal proceedings include claims for compensatory as well as punitive damages. While the final outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, considering, among other things, the legal defenses available and liabilities that have been recorded along with applicable insurance, it is currently the opinion of management that none of these pending items will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. In addition, the information set forth under Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. An unexpected adverse resolution of one or more of these items, however, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity in that particular period. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. NONE Executive Officers of the Registrant. The names, ages and biographies of our executive officers, as of February 11, 2026, are set forth below. The term of office of each officer is until the meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual shareholders meeting in May 2026. 54 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Name Age Position J. Kent Masters 65 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Neal R. Sheorey 49 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Melissa H. Anderson 61 Executive Vice President, Chief Business Transformation Officer Mark R. Mummert 58 Executive Vice President, Chief Operations Officer Eric W. Norris 59 Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Autumn M. Gagarinas 52 Senior Vice President, Chief People and Workplace Transformation Officer Ander C. Krupa 47 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Cynthia R. Lima 64 Senior Vice President, Chief External Affairs and Communications Officer Michael J. Simmons 62 President, Ketjen Global Business Unit Donald J. LaBauve, Jr. 59 Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer J. Kent Masters has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Albemarle since April 2020. He joined the Albemarle board of directors in 2015 as part of the Company s Rockwood Holdings Inc. acquisition and served as lead independent director from 2018 until April 2020. Before joining Albemarle, Mr. Masters served as operating partner of Advent International, an international private equity group. Prior to Advent, he was chief executive officer of Foster Wheeler AG, a global engineering and construction contractor and power equipment supplier, from 2011 to 2014. He is also a former member of the executive board of Linde AG, a global leader in manufacturing and sales of industrial gases. He serves on the board of directors of Vibrantz Technologies, a global technology leader in color solutions, functional coatings and specialty minerals. He is also a member of the Charlotte Executive Leadership Council. Neal R. Sheorey joined Albemarle in November 2023 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Albemarle, Mr. Sheorey served for more than 20 years in progressive leadership roles in finance, business and corporate organizations for The Dow Chemical Company ( Dow ), a global materials science company. He served as vice president of Dow s Coatings and Performance Monomers business unit, where he was responsible for the group s strategy, profitability and growth initiatives. Previously, Mr. Sheorey served as Dow s vice president of investor relations, senior director of corporate development and global finance director for the Chemicals business group. Melissa H. Anderson joined Albemarle to lead the human resources organization in January 2021. In November 2024, she assumed responsibility for enterprise transformation. In this role, she is responsible for leading the transition to a fully integrated functional model along with execution of the Human Resources strategic plan and key initiatives. Prior to joining Albemarle, Ms. Anderson served as executive vice president, administration and chief human resources officer for Duke Energy, an American electric power holding company, from January 2015 to August 2020. Previously, she served in senior leadership roles at Domtar Corporation, The Pantry, Inc. and with IBM Corporation. She serves on the board of directors of Vulcan Materials and as a member of the advisory board of the HR Policy Association. Ms. Anderson is a member of the advisory board for the Center for Executive Succession at the University of South Carolina s Darla Moore School of Business. She also serves on the board of directors for the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM), previously serving as its chair. Mark R. Mummert joined Albemarle in 2019 as chief operating officer for the Energy Storage business before being appointed as Senior Vice President, Chief Capital, Resources and Supply Chain Officer in November 2024, and subsequently appointed as Executive Vice President, Chief Operations Officer in August 2025. Before joining Albemarle, Mr. Mummert held progressive leadership roles in supply chain and global operations at FMC Corporation. His industry experience also includes 20 years with Rohm and Haas Company in various manufacturing and engineering roles. Additionally, Mr. Mummert spent time with Dow where he improved sales and operational planning in supply chain and embedded operational excellence principles at manufacturing sites. Mr. Mummert serves on the board of directors for Talison Spodumene Mine at Greenbushes, Western Australia. Eric W. Norris is Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer for Albemarle. He joined Albemarle in January 2018 as chief strategy officer and was appointed president of the lithium global business (now Energy Storage) in August 2018. In his current role, Mr. Norris is responsible for enterprise sales, product management and commercial excellence. Prior to joining Albemarle, Mr. Norris served as president of Health and Nutrition for FMC Corporation, an agricultural sciences company. Following FMC s announcement to acquire DuPont Agricultural Chemical assets, he led the divestiture of FMC Health and Nutrition to DuPont. Previously, Mr. Norris served as vice president and global business director for FMC Health and Nutrition, and vice president and global business director for FMC Lithium. During his 16-year FMC 55 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries career, he served in additional leadership roles in investor relations and corporate development and was director of FMC Healthcare Ventures. Prior to FMC, Mr. Norris founded and led an internet-based firm offering formulation and design tools to the chemical industry. He started his career in a range of leadership roles with the Rohm and Haas Company. Mr. Norris is a member of the board of directors of Communities in Schools of Charlotte-Mecklenburg. Autumn M. Gagarinas joined Albemarle as Vice President of HR in 2023, and was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief People and Workplace Transformation Officer in August 2025. Ms. Gagarinas has over two decades of experience in human resources and has held various leadership roles across multiple industries, including technology, aerospace, and education. Prior to joining Albemarle she was at Honeywell International, Inc., a multinational conglomerate corporation, where she held several senior HR roles, as a business partner to C-suite leaders including finance, legal and integrated supply chain. She also led global HR operations in EMEA and led HR Data and Analytics globally. She also held senior HR roles at Standford Graduate School of Business and SpaceX. Ander C. Krupa was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in August 2025. Mr. Krupa joined Albemarle in May of 2017 as deputy general counsel and assistant corporate secretary. He has more than 15 years of broad legal experience in the manufacturing industry and is experienced in securities law, corporate governance, commercial law, cross-border joint ventures, and mergers and acquisitions. Prior to Albemarle, he served as assistant general counsel, governance and securities for BWX Technologies and The Babcock Wilcox Company. In addition to his corporate experience, he was an attorney with the international law firm of Greenberg Traurig LLP in the firm s corporate and securities practice group. Cynthia Lima joined Albemarle in February 2023 as Chief Communications Officer. Prior to joining Albemarle, Ms. Lima founded a communications and public affairs consultancy and held senior positions at domestic and global public relations agencies. Ms. Lima also served at the U.S. Department of State as a principal media advisor to the secretary of state and as a senate-confirmed presidential appointee at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Ms. Lima is a founding member and chair of the board of directors for The Heather Abbott Foundation. She also serves on the board of directors for the Albemarle Foundation and the board of trustees for the Charlotte Regional Business Alliance. Michael J. Simmons joined Albemarle as President, Ketjen global business unit in June 2023. Mr. Simmons has more than 30 years of experience as an operating executive, including serving as a senior partner at Vantage Consulting, a business advisory service specializing in strategy, execution and leadership for energy, financial, and medical clients, from January 2018 to June 2023, and serving as a group president at Shawcor from 2012 to 2017. He served as a private equity partner for Q Investments from 2006 to 2021. He began his career at GE, becoming chief executive officer of the PII Pipeline Solutions unit of GE Oil Gas from 2005 to 2007. Donald J. LaBauve, Jr. was appointed Albemarle s Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in November 2024. Mr. LaBauve has served as the chief financial officer of the lithium global business (now Energy Storage) since November 2019. He previously served as vice president, corporate controller and chief accounting officer from February 2014 to November 2019 after having previously served as vice president, finance - business operations. Since joining Albemarle in 1990, Mr. LaBauve has held various staff and leadership positions of increasing responsibility within the finance function. PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the symbol ALB. There were 117,847,220 shares of common stock held by 1,806 shareholders of record as of February 4, 2026. On each of February 27, 2025, May 6, 2025, July 22, 2025 and October 27, 2025, we declared a dividend of $0.405 per share. On each of February 22, 2024 and May 7, 2024, we declared a dividend of $0.40 per share and on each of July 16, 2024 and October 28, 2024, we declared a dividend of $0.405 per share. In each quarter of 2023, we declared a dividend of $0.40 per share. We expect to continue to declare and pay comparable dividends to our shareholders in the future, however, dividends are declared solely at the discretion of our Board of Directors and there is no guarantee that the Board of Directors will continue to declare dividends in the future. Stock Performance Graph The graph below shows the cumulative total shareholder return assuming the investment of $100 in our common stock on December 31, 2020 and the reinvestment of all dividends thereafter. The information contained in the graph below is furnished 56 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries and therefore not to be considered filed with the SEC, and is not incorporated by reference into any document that incorporates this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking Statements Some of the information presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, which are in turn based on assumptions that we believe are reasonable based on our current knowledge of our business and operations. We have used words such as ambition, anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, should, would, will and variations of such words and similar expressions to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our actual results will not differ materially from the results and expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the outlook expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement include, without limitation, information related to: the closing and timing of closing of our divestiture of the Refining Solutions business; changes in economic and business conditions; product development; changes in financial and operating performance of our major customers and industries and markets served by us; the timing of orders received from customers; the gain or loss of significant customers; fluctuations in lithium market pricing, which could impac