=== ALB_2026-02-11.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Risk Factor Summary The following is a summary of some of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. This summary should be read together with the more detailed description of each risk contained below. Risks Related to Our Business • Our substantial international operations subject us to risks of doing business in foreign countries, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Our inability to secure key raw materials, or to pass through increases in costs and expenses for other raw materials and energy, on a timely basis or at all could have an adverse effect on the margins of our products and our results of operations. 9 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries • Competition within our industry may place downward pressure on the prices and margins of our products and may adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. • Our research and development efforts may not succeed in addressing changes in our customers’ needs, and our competitors may develop more effective or successful products. • The development of non-lithium battery technologies could adversely affect us. • Development projects are inherently risky and may require more capital than anticipated or not prove to be economically viable based on ultimate costs and returns of a project, which could adversely affect our business. The development of our mines and operations are also subject to other project specific risks. • We are subject to risks related to brine extraction limits, particularly with respect to our early warning plan at our facilities in Chile. • Downturns in our customers’ industries, which may be cyclical or affected by changes in governing administrations, could adversely affect our sales and profitability. • The results of the Refining Solutions business are subject to fluctuation because of irregularities in the demand for our HPC catalysts and certain of our agrichemicals. • Regulation, or the threat of regulation, of some of our products could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. • We could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications. • Our business is subject to hazards common to chemical and natural resource extraction businesses, any of which could injure our employees or other persons, damage our facilities or other properties, interrupt our production and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. • Our business could be adversely affected by environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. • Our operations could be adversely affected by local communities and/or other stakeholders. • We may be subject to indemnity claims and liable for other payments relating to properties or businesses we have divested, including in connection with the divestiture of the controlling interest in our Refining Solutions business. • We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws, and in the past have paid fines in order to resolve self-reported potential violations of such laws. • Our inability to protect our intellectual property rights, or being accused of infringing on intellectual property rights of third parties, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Our inability to acquire or develop lithium or bromine reserves that are economically viable could have a material adverse effect on our future profitability. • Demand and market prices for lithium will greatly affect the value of our investment in our lithium resources and conversion facilities, and conversion plants and our revenues and profitability generally. • If we are unable to retain key personnel or attract new skilled personnel, it could have an adverse effect on our business. • Some of our employees are unionized, represented by works councils or are employed subject to local laws that are less favorable to employers than the laws of the U.S. • Our joint ventures may not operate according to their business plans if our partners fail to fulfill their obligations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and may force us to dedicate additional resources to these joint ventures. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition • Our required capital expenditures can be complex, may experience delays or other difficulties, and the costs may exceed our estimates. • We will need a significant amount of cash to service our indebtedness and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. • Because a significant portion of our operations is conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures, our ability to service our debt may be dependent on our receipt of distributions or other payments from our subsidiaries and joint ventures. • Changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing, the market price of our securities and our debt service obligations. 10 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries • Write-offs or impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets or long-lived assets can result in significant charges to earnings. • Our business could suffer if we are not successful in executing our strategy and initiatives in connection with our comprehensive review of our cost and operating structure. • We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect our operating results and net income. • Significant or prolonged periods of higher interest rates may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. • Inflationary trends in the price of our input costs, such as raw materials, transportation and energy, could adversely affect our business and financial results. • Changes in, or the interpretation of, tax legislation or rates throughout the world could materially impact our results. • Future events may impact our deferred tax asset position and U.S. deferred federal income taxes on undistributed earnings of international affiliates that are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. • Our business and financial results may be adversely affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings. • Although our pension plans currently meet minimum funding requirements, events could occur that would require us to make significant contributions to the plans and reduce the cash available for our business. • We may discontinue or divest all or part of a particular business or plant as we periodically assess our business structure. Any such discontinuation or divestitures may introduce significant risks and uncertainties. • We may not be able to consummate future acquisitions or integrate acquisitions into our business, which could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. General Risk Factors • Adverse conditions in the economy, and volatility and disruption of financial markets can negatively impact our customers, suppliers and other business partners and therefore have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. • Our business and operations could suffer in the event of cybersecurity breaches, information technology system failures, or network disruptions. • Integration of AI technologies into our operations may introduce new risks, require significant additional investment, and materially impact our competitive position if unsuccessful. • The occurrence or threat of extraordinary events, including domestic and international terrorist attacks, may disrupt our operations and increase costs. • National or international disputes, political instability, terrorism war or armed hostilities, could impact our results of operations. • Natural disasters or other unanticipated catastrophes could impact our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. • Our insurance may not fully cover all potential exposures. • We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change. • Failure to meet sustainability expectations or standards or achieve our sustainability goals could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. Risk Factors You should consider carefully the following risks when reading the information, including the financial information, contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As noted in Item 1. Business above, the Company has entered into definitive agreements to divest the controlling ownership interest in its Refining Solutions business, with the transactions expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2026. Upon completion of the transactions, the Company will still maintain a 49% ownership interest in the Refining Solutions business and all of its PCS business. Certain of the risks included in this section relate to the Refining Solutions business and will continue to be risks for the Company upon completion of the divestiture, however, the potential adverse impact of such risks that primarily pertain to the Refining Solutions business on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition may no longer be material. 11 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries Risks Related to Our Business Our substantial international operations subject us to risks of doing business in foreign countries, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We conduct a substantial portion of our business outside the U.S., with approximately 83% of our net sales to foreign countries. We operate in, and/or sell our products to customers in, approximately 70 countries. We currently have many production, research and development and administrative facilities as well as sales offices located outside the U.S., as detailed in Item 2. Properties. Accordingly, our business is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. Risks inherent in international operations include the following: • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may affect product demand and may adversely affect the profitability in U.S. dollars of products and services we provide in international markets where payment for our products and services is made in the local currency; • transportation and other shipping costs may increase, or transportation may be inhibited; • increased cost or decreased availability of raw materials; • increased regulations on, or reduced access to, scarce resources, such as freshwater; • changes in foreign laws and tax rates or U.S. laws and tax rates with respect to foreign income may unexpectedly increase the rate at which our income is taxed, impose new and additional taxes on remittances, repatriation or other payments by subsidiaries, or cause the loss of previously recorded tax benefits; • delays in obtaining or renewing, or the inability to obtain, maintain or renew, or the renegotiation, cancellation, revocation or forced modification of existing contracts, leases, licenses, permits or other agreements and/or approvals; • trade sanctions by or against foreign countries in which we do business could result in our losing access to customers and suppliers in those countries; • unexpected adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements may occur; • our agreements with counterparties in foreign countries may be difficult for us to enforce and related receivables may be difficult for us to collect; • compliance with the variety of foreign laws and regulations may be unduly burdensome; • compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws (such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act) as well as anti-money-laundering laws may be costly; • compliance with changing cybersecurity rules and evolving data privacy rules and regulation, such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, could increase our cost of doing business; • unexpected adverse changes in export regulations, duties, quotas and tariffs and difficulties in obtaining export licenses may occur; • general economic conditions in the countries in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our earnings from operations in those countries; • changes in the strength of our relationships with local communities and indigenous populations in the areas in which we operate may impact our community support; • staffing difficulties and labor disputes may impact our operations in certain countries in which we operate; • termination or substantial modification of international trade agreements may adversely affect our access to raw materials and to markets for our products outside the U.S.; • foreign governments may nationalize or expropriate private enterprises; • increased sovereign risk (such as default by or deterioration in the economies and credit worthiness of local governments) may occur; and • political or economic repercussions from terrorist activities, including the possibility of hyperinflationary conditions and political instability, may occur in certain countries in which we do business. The U.S. and foreign countries may also adopt or increase restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls, tariffs or other taxes, or limitations on imports or exports (including recent and proposed changes in U.S. trade policy and resulting retaliatory actions by other countries). In addition, certain of our operations, including joint ventures, and ongoing capital projects are in regions of the world such as Asia, the Middle East and South America that are of high risk due to significant civil, political and security instability. Unanticipated events, such as geopolitical changes, could result in disruption of operations, a write-down of our investment in the affected joint venture or a delay or cause cancellation of those capital projects, which could negatively impact our future 12 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries growth and profitability. Our success as a global business will depend, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions by developing, implementing and maintaining policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we and our joint ventures do business. Furthermore, we are subject to rules and regulations related to anti-bribery and antitrust prohibitions of the U.S. and other countries, as well as export controls and economic embargoes, violations of which may carry substantial penalties. For example, export control and economic embargo regulations limit the ability of our subsidiaries to market, sell, distribute or otherwise transfer their products or technology to prohibited countries or persons. Failure to comply with these regulations could subject us or our subsidiaries to fines and enforcement actions and/or have an adverse effect on our reputation and the value of our common stock. Because we conduct substantial operations in China, risks associated with regulatory activity and political and social events in China could negatively affect our business and operating results. In 2025, net sales shipped to or within China represented 39% of our total net sales. Additionally, we own three active production facilities located in China. In addition to the risks described above under “ Our substantial international operations subject us to risks of doing business in foreign countries, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. ”, our operations in China expose us to risks particular to conducting business in that country. For example, over the past several years the U.S. and China have applied tariffs to certain of each other’s exports, including tariffs on Chinese electric vehicles and lithium-ion batteries initiated in 2025, which have resulted in, and may continue to cause, shifting trade flows and restrictions on certain sales of goods into China and domestic demand for products manufactured in China. In addition to the existing tariffs, the U.S. may continue to impose additional tariffs on China and other countries. Additionally, geopolitical or trade disputes (including as a result of China-Taiwan and U.S.-Taiwan relations) between the U.S. and China, or China and any other nation in which we conduct operations may lead to further restrictions on trade and/or obstacles to conducting business in China. Furthermore, the Chinese government has, from time to time, curtailed manufacturing operations, with little or no notice, in industrial regions out of growing concern over air quality. The Chinese government has also instituted energy intensity and energy consumption targets in a number of provinces in its efforts to reduce energy consumption, resulting in energy quotas and shortages in energy supply that can be disruptive to construction and manufacturing operations. These and other risks may have an adverse effect on our sales to Chinese customers and/or result in our not realizing a return on, or losing some, or all, of our strategic investments in China. Our inability to secure key raw materials, or to pass through increases in costs and expenses for other raw materials and energy, on a timely basis or at all could have an adverse effect on the margins of our products and our results of operations. The long-term profitability of our operations will, in part, depend on our ability to continue to economically obtain resources, including energy and raw materials. For example, our lithium and bromine businesses rely upon our continued ability to obtain key raw materials, such as chlorine or soda ash, of sufficient quality and in adequate amounts as part of our supply chain to meet our customers’ demand for our products. If we fail to secure and retain the rights to continue to access these key raw materials, we may have to restrict or suspend our operations that rely upon these key resources, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, in some cases access to these raw materials by us and our competitors is subject to decisions or actions by governmental authorities, which could adversely impact us. Furthermore, other raw material and energy costs account for a significant percentage of our total costs of products sold, even if they can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. Our raw material and energy costs can be volatile and may increase significantly. Increases are primarily driven by tightening of market conditions and major increases in the pricing of key constituent materials for our products such as crude oil, chlorine and metals (including molybdenum and rare earths, which are used in the refinery catalysts business). We generally attempt to pass through changes in the prices of raw materials and energy to our customers, but we may be unable to do so (or may be delayed in doing so). In addition, raising prices we charge to our customers in order to offset increases in the prices we pay for raw materials could cause us to suffer a loss of sales volumes. Our inability to efficiently and effectively pass through price increases, or inventory impacts resulting from price volatility, could adversely affect our margins. Competition within our industry may place downward pressure on the prices and margins of our products and may adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. We compete against a number of highly competitive global chemical producers. Competition is based on several key criteria, including product performance and quality, product price, product availability and security of supply, climate-related performance and responsiveness of product development in cooperation with customers and customer service. Some of our competitors are larger than us and may have greater financial resources. These competitors may also be able to maintain significantly greater operating and financial flexibility. As a result, these competitors may be better able to withstand changes in conditions within our industry. Competitors’ pricing decisions could compel us to decrease our prices, which could negatively 13 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries affect our margins and profitability. Our ability to maintain or increase our profitability is, and will continue to be, dependent upon our ability to offset decreases in the prices and margins of our products by improving production efficiency and volume and other productivity enhancements, shifting to production of higher margin chemical products and improving existing products through innovation and research and development. If we are unable to do so or to otherwise maintain our competitive position, we could lose market share to our competitors. In addition, Albemarle’s brands, product image and trademarks represent the unique product identity of each of our products and are important symbols of the Company’s reputation. Accordingly, the performance of our business could be adversely affected by any marketing and promotional materials used by our competitors that make adverse claims, whether with or without merit, against our Company or its products, imply or assert immoral or improper conduct by us, or are otherwise disparaging of our Company or its products. Further, our own actions could hurt such brands, product image and trademarks if our products underperform or we otherwise draw negative publicity. Our research and development efforts may not succeed in addressing changes in our customers’ needs, and our competitors may develop more effective or successful products. Our industries and the end markets into which we sell our products experience technological change and product improvement. Manufacturers periodically introduce new products or require new technological capacity to develop customized products. Our future growth depends on our ability to gauge the direction of commercial and technological progress in all key end markets in which we sell our products and upon our ability to fund and successfully develop, manufacture and market products in such changing end markets. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to identify, develop, market and, in certain cases, secure regulatory approval for innovative products in a timely manner or at all, as may be required to replace or enhance existing products, and any such inability could have a material adverse effect on our profit margins and our competitive position. In addition, our customers use our specialty chemicals for a broad range of applications. Changes in our customers’ products or processes may enable our customers to reduce consumption of the specialty chemicals that we produce or make our specialty chemicals unnecessary. Customers may also find alternative materials or processes that do not require our products. Should a customer decide to use a different material due to price, performance or other considerations, we may not be able to supply a product that meets the customer’s new requirements. Consequently, it is important that we develop new products to replace the sales of products that mature and decline in use. Our business, results of operations, cash flows and margins could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to manage successfully the maturation of our existing products and the introduction of new products. Despite our efforts, we may not be successful in developing new products and/or technology, either alone or with third parties, or licensing intellectual property rights from third parties on a commercially competitive basis. Our new products may not be accepted by our customers or may fail to receive regulatory approval. Moreover, new products may have lower margins than the products they replace. Furthermore, ongoing investments in research and development for the future do not yield an immediate beneficial impact on our operating results and therefore could result in higher costs without a proportional increase in revenues. The development of non-lithium battery technologies could adversely affect us. The development and adoption of new battery technologies that rely on inputs other than lithium compounds could significantly impact our prospects and future revenues. Current and next generation high energy density batteries for use in electric vehicles rely on lithium compounds as a critical input. Alternative materials and technologies are being researched with the goal of making batteries lighter, more efficient, faster charging and less expensive, and some of these could be less reliant on lithium compounds. We cannot predict which new technologies may ultimately prove to be commercially viable and on what time horizon. Commercialized battery technologies that use no, or significantly less, lithium could materially and adversely impact our prospects and future revenues. Development projects are inherently risky and may require more capital than anticipated or not prove to be economically viable based on ultimate costs and returns of a project, which could adversely affect our business. The development of our mines and operations are also subject to other unique risks. Development projects typically require a number of years and significant expenditures during the development phase before production is possible. There are many risks and uncertainties inherent in all development projects including, but not limited to, unexpected or difficult geological formations or conditions, potential delays, cost overruns, lower levels of production during ramp-up periods, shortages of material or labor, construction defects, breakdowns and injuries to persons and property. The development of our mines and operations are also subject to other unique risks including, but not limited to, 14 Albemarle Corporation and Subsidiaries underground fires or floods, ventilating harmful gases, fall-of-ground accidents, and seismic activity resulting from unexpected or difficult geological formations or conditions. While we anticipate taking all measures that we deem reasonable and prudent in connection with the development of our mines to safely manage production, there is no assurance that these risks will not cause schedule delays, revised mine plans, injuries to persons and property, or increased capital costs, any of which may have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, although we devote significant time and resources to our project planning, approval and review processes, many of our development projects are highly complex and rely on factors that are outside of our control, which may cause us to underestimate the time and capital required to complete a development project. Our decision to develop a project is typically based on the results of feasibility studies, which estimate the anticipated economic returns of a project. In addition, the economic feasibility of development projects is based on many factors, including the accuracy of estimated mineral resources and reserves, estimated capital and operating costs, and estimated future prices of lithium and bromine. In the event that the estimates on which our project development decisions are based ultimately inaccurate, a project may not be economically viable. In recent years, the Company has determined to halt production on portions of its Kemerton plant, and put its Chengdu conversion plant and the completed portions of its Kemerton plant into care and maintenance. The Company recently announced its decision to place Kemerton Train 1 into care and maintenance. New development projects have no operating history upon which to base estimates of future cash flow. The actual costs, production rates and economic returns of our development projects may differ materially from our estimates, which may have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to risks related to brine extraction limits, particularly with respect to our early warning plan at our facilities in Chile. Our brine extraction facilities are subject to extraction regulations within their specific jurisdictions. In the Salar de Atacama, we have duly authorized brine extraction limits for our operations and, to ensure that we comply with all associated requirements and contractual commitments, we have imposed an early warning plan with regards to our extraction capacity, which impacts our pumping rates at the facilities. We regularly monitor for any deviations from expected hydrological behavior in the Salar de Atacama that could impact protected environmental systems and have established thresholds for brine and groundwater levels. If the measurements we obtain exceed such thresholds, our early warning plan is triggered, which results initially in increased monitoring and reporting and, if more severe, results in operational changes such as reducing brine extraction rates and can even result in halting extraction altogether, among other emergency measures. To the extent that our early warning plan is triggered, we may be required to significantly reduce or halt our pumping rates, which could cause a significant decrease in the production of lithium. Downturns in our customers’ industries, which may be cyclical or affected by changes in governing administrations, could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Downturns in the businesses that use our chemicals may adversely affect our sales. Many of our customers are in industries, including the electronics, building and construction, oilfield and automotive industries, that are cyclical in nature, or which are subject to secular market down

=== ALB_2026-05-06.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. While we attempt to identify, manage and mitigate risks and uncertainties associated with our business to the extent practical under the circumstances, some level of risk and uncertainty will always be present. The risk factors set forth in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 describe some of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business. These risks and uncertainties have the potential to materially affect our results of operations and our financial condition. We do not believe that there have been any material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 5. Other Information. N/A Item 6. Exhibits. (a) Exhibits 10.1 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2026, among Albemarle Corporation and Albemarle Europe SRL, as borrowers, the Lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders [filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 1-12658) filed on March 25, 2026, and incorporated herein by reference]. *31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). *31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). *32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. *32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 45 Table of Contents *101 Interactive Data File (Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2026, furnished in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language)). *104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Included with this filing. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 and (vi) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 46 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ALBEMARLE CORPORATION (Registrant) Date: May 6, 2026 By: /s/ N EAL R. S HEOREY Neal R. Sheorey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 47 