=== PCG_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A: Risk Factors and Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K. PG E Corporation and the Utility do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events, or otherwise. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and proxy statements are available free of charge on PG E Corporation s website, www.pgecorp.com, as promptly as practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC located at http://www.sec.gov. Additionally, PG E Corporation and the Utility routinely provide links to the Utility s principal regulatory proceedings before the CPUC and the FERC at http://investor.pgecorp.com, under the Regulatory Filings tab, so that such filings are available to investors upon filing with the relevant agency. PG E Corporation and the Utility also routinely post or provide direct links to presentations, documents, and other information that may be of interest to investors at http://investor.pgecorp.com, under the Wildfire and Safety Updates and News Events: Events Presentations tabs, respectively, in order to publicly disseminate such information. It is possible that any of these filings or information included therein could be deemed to be material information. The information contained on PG E Corporation s website is not part of this or any other report that PG E Corporation or the Utility files with, or furnishes to, the SEC. PG E Corporation and the Utility are providing the addresses of this website solely for the information of investors and do not intend the address to be an active link. PG E Corporation and the Utility also make available to investors information about the companies climate goals and progress in the Corporate Sustainability Report, Climate Strategy Report, and CAVA, which information is not incorporated by reference into this report. 10 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS PG E Corporation, incorporated in California in 1995, is a holding company whose primary operating subsidiary is Pacific Gas and Electric Company, a public utility operating in Northern and Central California. The Utility was incorporated in California in 1905. PG E Corporation became the holding company of the Utility and its subsidiaries in 1997. The Utility generates revenues mainly through the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas to customers. The Utility s service area is shown in the graphic below. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s operating revenues, income, and total assets for the most recently completed year can be found below in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The principal executive offices of PG E Corporation and the Utility are located at 300 Lakeside Drive, Oakland, California 94612. PG E Corporation s telephone number is (415) 973-1000 and the Utility s telephone number is (415) 973-7000. This is a combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for PG E Corporation and the Utility. PG E Corporation and the Utility are separate entities. Triple Bottom Line PG E Corporation s and the Utility s purpose is to deliver for their hometowns, serve the planet, and lead with love. In support of this purpose, the companies employ a Lean operating model designed to drive more effective and responsive decision-making, reduce the difficulties many employees face in their day-to-day work, and deliver better outcomes for customers and communities. PG E Corporation and the Utility measure their progress toward this purpose by considering their impact on the triple bottom line of people, planet, and prosperity, which is underpinned by performance; this consideration takes into account not only the economic value they create for customers and investors, but also their responsibility to social and environmental goals. The triple bottom line is designed to balance the interests of the companies many stakeholders, and it reflects the broader societal impacts of the companies activities. PG E Corporation and the Utility will continue to consider the impact on the triple bottom line of people, planet, and prosperity in their daily operations as well as in their long-term strategic decisions. The Utility will continue to seek fair and timely regulatory treatment to support its customer-driven investment plan while pursuing cost-control measures that would allow it to maintain the affordability of its service. The Lean operating system is an important means of realizing PG E Corporation s and the Utility s objective of achieving world-class performance while delivering hometown service. People The people element of the triple bottom line represents PG E Corporation s and the Utility s commitment to their workforce, their customers, the residents of local communities in which the companies do business, and other stakeholders. 11 PG E Corporation s and the Utility s goal is to continually reduce risk to keep customers, the communities they serve, and their workforce (both employees and contractors) safe. Their focus is on continuously building an organization where every work activity is designed to facilitate safe performance, every worker knows and practices safe behaviors, and every individual is encouraged to speak up and stop work if they see unsafe or risky behavior, and has confidence that their concerns and ideas will be heard and pursued. PG E Corporation and the Utility are committed to significantly improving their safety performance by understanding their risks, prioritizing their work, using controls to reduce risks, and continuously measuring and improving risk reduction. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s human capital resource objectives are to build and retain an engaged, well trained, and equitably-paid workforce. PG E Corporation and the Utility place a high priority on delivering customer value and providing a hometown customer experience. The Utility s customer-driven investment program is aimed at improving safety, increasing electric and gas service reliability, and improving customer satisfaction. For more information, see Human Capital below. Planet The planet element of the triple bottom line represents PG E Corporation s and the Utility s commitment to protect and serve the environment. PG E Corporation and the Utility believe that integrating and managing climate change and other environmental considerations in the companies business strategies creates long-term value for PG E Corporation and the Utility, and for their customers, communities, employees, and other stakeholders. The Utility is adapting to severe and extreme climate-driven natural hazards. To build resilience to these hazards, the Utility is working to systematically integrate forward-looking climate data and tools into its decision-making. PG E Corporation and the Utility also work with policymakers and regulators to advance effective climate change policy in California, and work directly with local governments and communities on adaptation solutions. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s 2022 Climate Strategy Report, which is available to the public, describes the companies climate goals and plans to meet those goals. To meet their longer-term climate goals, PG E Corporation and the Utility intend to scale their efforts to decarbonize the energy system to accommodate increased vehicle and building electrification, integrate a proliferation of distributed energy resources, and achieve increased utilization of renewable energy combined with investments in the grid and energy storage. PG E Corporation and the Utility continue to pursue policies and programs that enable safe, reliable, affordable, clean, and resilient energy for their customers. As a result of actions already taken by PG E Corporation and the Utility, the companies have: Helped customers avoid emissions and manage energy costs through robust energy efficiency programs. Implemented contracts for more than 4.9 GW of battery energy storage capacity, strengthening California s grid efficiency and reliability. Helped enable the total number of electric vehicles operating in the Utility s service area to exceed 820,000. Brought the total number of interconnected private solar customers to more than 950,000. Continued to advance decarbonization initiatives for the Utility s natural gas delivery system, including meeting the CPUC-mandated methane emission reduction target ahead of schedule. Prosperity The prosperity element of the triple bottom line represents PG E Corporation s and the Utility s commitment to meeting their financial objectives and providing economic development opportunities and benefits in the communities they serve. Management believes clean energy should be affordable for and inclusive of all economic backgrounds. Under cost-of-service ratemaking, a utility s earnings depend on the outcomes of its ratemaking proceedings and its ability to manage costs. 12 See Ratemaking Mechanisms below and Regulatory Matters in Item 7. MD A for more information on specific CPUC and FERC proceedings. Generally, differences between forecast costs and actual costs can occur for numerous reasons, including the volume of work required and the impact of market forces on the cost of labor and materials. Differences in costs can also arise from changes in laws and regulations at both the state and federal level. Costs can also decrease due to improved efficiencies or waste elimination. PG E Corporation and the Utility are committed to taking steps to improve their credit ratings and metrics over time. All three credit ratings agencies have increased PG E Corporation s and the Utility s issuer credit ratings since 2020. PG E Corporation's dividend policy entails consistent dividend increases targeting a dividend payout ratio of approximately 20% of core earnings (a non-GAAP financial measure) by 2028. For more information, see Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Total capital expenditures recorded in 2025 were $13.4 billion. The Utility s total capital expenditures (including accruals) are forecasted to be $12.4 billion for 2026, $13.4 billion for 2027, $15.4 billion for 2028, $16.3 billion for 2029, and $16.0 billion for 2030. The Utility has identified opportunities for investment in the coming years in addition to its forecast, including investments in transmission for data centers and system investments, transportation electrification capacity, hydroelectric facilities, energy storage, information technology, and automation. The Utility plans to submit a 10-year Electric Undergrounding Plan to the OEIS for review. The Utility will then submit an application requesting conditional approval of the plan s costs to the CPUC. Some of these investments depend on the Utility s ability to generate or obtain the cash to support such investments over this period of time. The completion of projects, the timing of expenditures, and the associated cost recovery may be affected by permitting requirements and delays, construction schedules, availability of labor, equipment and materials, financing, legal and regulatory approvals and developments, community requests or protests, weather, and other unforeseen conditions. Additionally, $2.85 billion of fire risk mitigation capital expenditures will be excluded from the Utility s equity rate base pursuant to SB 254. The Utility expects to make additional capital expenditures, the recovery of which will be subject to future regulatory approval. These expenditures include capital expenditures exceeding amounts authorized in the 2023 GRC final decision and expenditures to be included in a later filing or separate applications. These expenditures are expected to be primarily for wildfire mitigation and electrification. PG E Corporation and the Utility are committed to building a safe, reliable, sustainable, and climate-resilient energy system at an affordable cost for customers. The Utility s capital investment plan, increasing procurement of renewable power and energy storage, increasing environmental regulations, and the cumulative impact of other public policy requirements collectively place continuing upward pressure on customer rates. Certain CPUC proceedings could impact different types of customers differently. The Utility has set a goal to increase customer capital investments while also limiting customer bill impacts, including by achieving operating cost savings, seeking efficient financing, and benefiting from electric load growth that reduces other customers bills. The Utility plans to meet its cost savings goal through increased efficiencies including waste elimination through the Lean operating system. The Utility expects data centers, electric vehicle adoption, and building electrification to drive load growth. For more information see Competition below. The Utility has a number of programs in place to assist low-income customers, such as the CARE program. Under the CARE program, income-qualified customers can receive a monthly discount of 20% or more on their natural gas and electric bill. The Utility has set a goal to limit average annual customer rate increases to 3%. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s Corporate Sustainability Report, which is available to the public, describes the companies progress toward world-class performance measured with the triple bottom line framework. 13 Performance: Underpinning the Triple Bottom Line PG E Corporation and the Utility use the Lean operating system, which includes five basic plays : visual management; operating reviews; problem solving; standard work; and waste elimination. Visual management allows teams to see how they are performing against their most important metrics using real-time data. Teams throughout PG E Corporation and the Utility hold daily, weekly, and monthly operating reviews designed to align the performance of employees closest to the work with the goals and objectives of the companies. These brief meetings help the Utility identify gaps and quickly develop plans to support the teams performing the work and give the Utility more visibility, control and predictability in its operations. Problem solving involves a structured approach to identifying, containing, analyzing, and solving problems in order to capitalize on opportunities. Standard work reduces costs and increases productivity by establishing a consistent company-wide method for completing a task. Waste elimination, the fifth Lean play, involves identifying and eliminating inefficiencies in both process and workflow in a sustainable manner and driving the continued adoption of consistent processes and improvements to financial visibility and controls. The Utility has responded to wildfire risk by implementing operational changes and investing in safety, including: Enhanced Powerline Safety Settings: EPSS adjusts the sensitivity of circuit protection devices on selected power lines to de-energize them in less than one-tenth of a second in the event of a disturbance to help prevent potential ignitions. The Utility has enabled EPSS in all high fire risk areas. Public Safety Power Shutoffs: The PSPS program proactively de-energizes power lines in response to forecasted weather conditions. Since its inception in late 2017, the PSPS program has become more targeted through the use of sectionalizers, which enable more targeted de-energizations, and more granular risk models. Vegetation management: The Utility inspects its overhead electric distribution and transmission facilities on an annual basis to identify and mitigate vegetation that might grow or fall into utility equipment. Additional inspections are conducted within a subset of HFTD areas. The Utility continues to leverage remote sensing technology to enhance data driven inspection planning and safe work execution. Asset inspections: Asset inspections identify equipment conditions before failure. The Utility s asset inspection programs continue to grow more risk-informed, thorough, standardized, digitized, and verifiable. System hardening: System hardening entails repairing, replacing, or eliminating existing power lines in HFTD areas and installing stronger and more resilient equipment. As the Utility s asset inspections have identified less resilient equipment, the Utility has hardened its system by fixing significantly more equipment than in prior years. Hardening methods also include replacing bare overhead conductors with covered conductors and installing stronger poles, removing lines, serving customers through remote grids, or converting lines from overhead to underground. In recent years, the Utility has introduced or expanded its use of several measures including clearing defensible space around transmission structures, downed conductor detection, partial voltage force outs, and transmission operational controls which further decreased wildfire ignition risk. The Utility s equipment was not involved in the ignition of any major wildfires in 2025. The Utility experienced a decreased number of CPUC-reportable ignitions in 2025, compared to 2024, due to continued operational improvements. The Utility is also continuing to invest in a safe and reliable gas system. The Utility s asset safety efforts include pipeline replacements, strength testing, and real-time monitoring systems. Additionally, the Utility educates the public and its workforce regarding safe digging practices and maintains rapid outage response protocols to protect public safety and minimize service disruptions. The Utility s generation operations focus on safety, compliance, environmental stewardship, and asset reliability. The Utility focuses on continuous improvement, risk informed decision-making, and adhering to industry standards for asset risk management and lifecycle optimization. Work management systems enable the execution and tracking of preventative and corrective maintenance strategies for generation assets. 14 Regulatory Environment The Utility s business is subject to the regulatory jurisdiction of various agencies at the federal, state, and local levels. The Utility is regulated primarily at the state level by the CPUC and at the federal level by the FERC and the NRC. The Utility is also subject to the requirements of other federal, state and local regulatory agencies, including with respect to safety, the environment, and health, such as the NTSB and the OEIS. This section and the Environmental Regulation and the Ratemaking Mechanisms sections below summarize some of the more significant laws, regulations, and regulatory proceedings affecting the Utility. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Regulatory Matters in Item 7. MD A. PG E Corporation is subject to the Public Utility Holding Company Act as a public utility holding company. The Public Utility Holding Company Act primarily obligates PG E Corporation and its utility subsidiaries to provide access to their books and records to the FERC and the CPUC for ratemaking purposes. California Public Utilities Commission The CPUC regulates privately owned public utilities in California. The CPUC has jurisdiction over the rates and terms and conditions of service for the Utility s electric and natural gas distribution operations, electric generation, and natural gas transmission and storage services. The CPUC has also exercised jurisdiction over the Utility s issuances of securities, dispositions of utility assets and facilities, energy purchases on behalf of the Utility s electric and natural gas retail customers, rates of return, rates of depreciation, oversight of nuclear decommissioning, and aspects of the siting of facilities used in providing electric and natural gas utility service. The CPUC enforces state and federal laws and regulations that set forth safety requirements pertaining to the design, construction, testing, operation, and maintenance of utility gas and electric facilities. The CPUC can impose penalties of up to $100,000 per day, per violation. The CPUC has broad discretion to determine the amount of penalties based on the totality of the circumstances, including such factors as the gravity of the violations, the type of harm caused by the violations and the number of persons affected, and the good faith of the entity charged in attempting to achieve compliance, after notification of a violation. The CPUC also is required to consider the appropriateness of the amount of the penalty to the size of the entity charged. The CPUC has delegated authority to the SED to issue citations and impose penalties for violations identified through audits, investigations, or self-reports. Under the gas and electric citation programs adopted by the CPUC, the SED has discretion whether to issue a penalty for each violation. If it assesses a penalty for a violation, it has the authority to impose the maximum statutory penalty of $100,000 per day, with an administrative limit of $8 million per citation issued. Penalty payments for citations issued pursuant to the gas and electric safety citation programs are the responsibility of shareholders and may not be recovered through rates or otherwise charged to customers. The CPUC has also authorized the SED to propose for CPUC approval administrative consent orders and administrative enforcement orders when the SED deems a formal order instituting investigation unnecessary. The California State Legislature also directs the CPUC to implement state laws and policies, such as the laws relating to wildfires and wildfire cost recovery, increasing renewable energy resources, the development and widespread deployment of distributed generation and self-generation resources, the reduction of GHG emissions, the establishment of energy storage procurement targets, and the development of a state-wide electric vehicle charging infrastructure. The CPUC is responsible for approving funding and administration of state-mandated public purpose programs such as energy efficiency and other customer programs. The CPUC also conducts audits and reviews of the Utility s accounting, performance, and compliance with regulatory guidelines. The CPUC has imposed various conditions that govern the relationship between the Utility and PG E Corporation and other affiliates, including financial conditions that require PG E Corporation s Board of Directors to give first priority to the capital requirements of the Utility, as determined to be necessary and prudent to meet the Utility s obligation to serve or to operate the Utility in a prudent and efficient manner. For more information on specific CPUC enforcement matters and CPUC-implemented laws and policies and the related impact on PG E Corporation and the Utility, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, Regulatory Matters, Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives, and Liquidity and Financial Resources in Item 7. MD A and Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 15 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and California Independent System Operator Corporation The FERC has jurisdiction over the Utility s electric transmission revenue requirements and rates, the siting, construction, operation, maintenance, and safety obligations of substantially all of the Utility s hydroelectric generation facilities, and the interstate sale and transportation of natural gas. The FERC regulates the interconnections of the Utility s transmission systems with other electric systems and generation facilities, the tariffs and conditions of service of regional transmission organizations, and the terms and rates of wholesale electricity sales. The FERC also is charged with adopting and enforcing mandatory standards governing the reliability of the nation s electric transmission grid, including standards to protect the nation s bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security breaches. The FERC s approval is required under Federal Power Act Section 203 before undertaking certain transactions, including most mergers and consolidations, certain transactions that result in a change in control of a utility, purchases of utility securities and dispositions of utility property. The FERC has authority to impose fines of up to $1 million per day for violations of certain federal statutes and regulations. For more information on specific FERC requirements and their impact on PG E Corporation and the Utility, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Regulatory Matters, Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives, and Liquidity and Financial Resources in Item 7. MD A, and Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. The CAISO is the FERC-approved regional transmission organization for the Utility s service area. The CAISO controls the operation of the electric transmission system in most of California and a small part of Nevada and provides open access transmission service on a non-discriminatory basis. The CAISO is also responsible for planning transmission system additions, ensuring the maintenance of adequate reserves of generating capacity, ensuring that the reliability of the transmission system is maintained, and operating the wholesale power market in most of California and an interstate energy imbalance market. Nuclear Regulatory Commission The NRC oversees the licensing, construction, operation, and decommissioning of nuclear facilities, including the Utility s two nuclear generating units at DCPP and the Utility s independent spent fuel storage installation at Humboldt Bay. See Electricity Resources below. NRC regulations require extensive monitoring and review of the safety, radiological, seismic, environmental, and security aspects of these facilities. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines or to force a shutdown of a nuclear plant, or both. NRC safety and security requirements have, in the past, necessitated that the Utility incur substantial costs at DCPP, and substantial costs could be required in the future. For more information about DCPP, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Other Regulators The CEC is a California agency with responsibility for energy policy and planning. The CEC is responsible for licensing all thermal power plants over 50 MW within California. The CEC establishes forecasts of future energy needs used by the CPUC in determining the adequacy of utilities and other load-serving entities electricity procurement. The CEC also promotes energy management and conservation programs, including setting standards for building and appliance energy efficiency and load management programs. The CARB is the state agency responsible for setting and monitoring GHG and other emission limits. The CARB is also responsible for adopting and enforcing regulations to implement state law requirements to gradually reduce GHG emissions in California. See Environmental Regulation - Air Quality and the Clean Air Act below. The NTSB is an independent U.S. government investigative agency responsible for civil transportation accident investigations, including pipeline accidents. The NTSB also conducts special investigations and safety studies, and issues safety recommendations to prevent future accidents. The California Geologic Energy Management Division is the state agency responsible for establishing and enforcing regulations for the operation of the Utility s underground gas storage facilities. The Department of Transportation s ( DOT ) Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration has established regulations regarding the design, construction, operation, maintenance, integrity, safety, and security of natural gas distribution, transmission, and underground storage facilities. The DOT has certified the CPUC to administer oversight and compliance with these regulations for the entities it regulates in California. 16 The OEIS is a state agency responsible for reviewing and approving or rejecting the Utility s WMP and for evaluating the Utility s implementation of the WMP. The OEIS is also responsible for reviewing and issuing the Utility s annual safety certification, annually reviewing and approving the Utility s executive compensation plan, conducting assessments of the Utility s safety culture, conducting field inspections of wildfire mitigation activities, and reviewing proposed undergrounding plans under SB 884. In addition, the Utility obtains permits, authorizations, and licenses in connection with the construction and operation of the Utility s generation facilities, electricity transmission lines, natural gas transportation pipelines, and gas compressor station facilities. Delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain and maintain, any such permits, authorizations, or licenses could prevent construction of new facilities, limit or prevent continued operation of existing facilities, or result in significant additional costs or restrictions on operations. The Utility also periodically obtains permits, authorizations, and licenses in connection with distribution of electricity and natural gas that grant the Utility rights to occupy or use public property for the operation of the Utility s business and to conduct certain related operations. The Utility has franchise agreements with approximately 300 cities and counties that permit the Utility to install, operate, and maintain the Utility s electric or natural gas facilities in the public streets and highways. In exchange for the right to use public streets and highways, the Utility pays annual fees to the cities and counties. In most cases, the Utility s franchise agreements are for an indeterminate term, with no expiration date. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. Material Effects of Compliance with Governmental Regulations As indicated above, the Utility s business is subject to the regulatory jurisdiction of various agencies at the federal, state, and local levels. Compliance with such extensive government regulations requires substantial expenditures and has had in the past and may continue to have in the future a material effect on PG E Corporation s and the Utility s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and competitive position. For more information about costs incurred to comply with government regulations and related material effects on PG E Corporation and the Utility, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, Liquidity and Financial Resources and Regulatory Matters in Item 7. MD A, and Notes 14 and 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Environmental Regulation The Utility s operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and requirements relating to the protection of the environment and the safety and health of the Utility s personnel and the public. These laws and requirements relate to a broad range of activities, including the remediation of hazardous and radioactive substances; the discharge of pollutants into the air, water, and soil; the reporting and reduction of CO 2 and other GHG emissions; the transportation, handling, storage and disposal of spent nuclear fuel; and the environmental impacts of land use, including endangered species and habitat protection. The penalties for violation of these laws and requirements can be severe and may include significant fines, damages, and criminal or civil sanctions. These laws and requirements also may require the Utility, under certain circumstances, to interrupt or curtail operations. See Item 1A. Risk Factors. Generally, the Utility recovers most of the costs of complying with environmental laws and regulations through the Utility s rates, subject to reasonableness review. Hazardous Substance Compliance and Remediation The Utility s facilities are subject to various regulations adopted by the EPA, including the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended. The Utility is also subject to the regulations adopted by other state and federal agencies responsible for implementing environmental laws. The Utility maintains a comprehensive compliance program but may be liable for remediation of hazardous substances even if it did not deposit those substances on the site. The Utility s remediation activities are overseen by the California Department of Toxic Substances Control, several California regional water quality control boards, and various other federal, state, and local agencies. The Utility has incurred significant environmental remediation liabilities associated with former MGP sites, power plant sites, gas gathering sites, sites where natural gas compressor stations are located, and sites used by the Utility for the storage, recycling, or disposal of potentially hazardous substances. Groundwater at the Utility s Hinkley and Topock natural gas compressor stations contains hexavalent chromium as a result of the Utility s past operating practices. The Utility is responsible for remediating this groundwater contamination and for abating the effects of the contamination on the environment. For more information about environmental remediation liabilities, see Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 17 Air Quality and the Clean Air Act The Utility s electric generation plants, natural gas pipeline operations, vehicle fleet, and fuel storage tanks are subject to numerous air pollution control laws, including the federal Clean Air Act, as well as state and local statutes. These laws and regulations cover, among other pollutants, those contributing to the formation of ground-level ozone, carbon dioxide (CO 2 ), sulfur dioxide (SO 2 ), nitrogen oxides (NO x ), particulate matter, and other emissions. At the federal level, the EPA is charged with implementation and enforcement of the Clean Air Act, which it uses to address GHG emissions. For information regarding regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, see Sustainability and Resiliency below. Nuclear Fuel Disposal Nuclear power plant operations produce gaseous, liquid, and solid radioactive wastes, which are covered by federal regulation. High-level radioactive wastes primarily include used nuclear fuel. Low-level waste consists primarily of demineralizer resins, paper, protective clothing, rags, tools, and equipment contaminated through use. Under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, the DOE and electric utilities with commercial nuclear power plants were authorized to enter into contracts under which the DOE would be required to dispose of the utilities spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste by January 1998, in exchange for fees paid by the utilities customers. The DOE has been unable to meet its contractual obligation with the Utility to dispose of nuclear waste from the Utility s two nuclear generating units at DCPP and the retired nuclear facility at Humboldt Bay. As a result, the Utility constructed interim dry cask storage facilities to store its spent fuel onsite at DCPP and at Humboldt Bay until the DOE fulfills its contractual obligation to take possession of the spent fuel. The Utility and other nuclear power plant owners sued the DOE to recover the costs that they incurred to construct interim storage facilities for spent nuclear fuel. Ratemaking Mechanisms The Utility operates under a cost-of-service ratemaking model, which means that rates for electric and natural gas utility services are generally set at levels that are intended to allow the Utility to recover its costs of providing service and have a reasonable opportunity to earn a return on invested capital. To set rates, the CPUC and the FERC conduct proceedings to determine the amount that the Utility will be authorized to collect from its customers ( revenue requirements ). The Utility s revenue requirements consist primarily of a base amount set to enable the Utility to recover its reasonable operating expenses (e.g., maintenance, administration, and general expenses) and capital costs (e.g., depreciation, and financing expenses). The Utility s costs of operating and maintaining the utility system are generally approved in the GRC, and costs of equity and long-term debt are generally approved in the CPUC s cost of capital proceedings. As a result, the Utility s CPUC-jurisdictional revenue requirement is the sum of the following: expenses; depreciation; taxes; and the product of the Utility s rate of return (i.e., the cost of capital for long-term debt and equity) and its rate base (i.e. the value of the Utility s investments in generation and distribution assets and general plant). In addition to the Utility s revenue requirement, the CPUC authorizes the Utility to collect revenues to recover costs that the Utility is allowed to pass through to customers, including its costs to procure electricity and natural gas for customers and to administer public purpose and customer programs. FERC revenue requirements are set through a FERC-approved formula rate. The Utility s rate of return on electric transmission assets is determined in the FERC TO proceedings. 18 Customer rates are determined by dividing the revenues that the Utility is authorized to collect from customers by the amount of power that the Utility is forecasted to sell. Increases in load spread the Utility s revenue requirement over a larger usage base, which reduces customer rates, but also increases fuel costs, which are passed through to customers. Other than certain gas transmission and storage revenues, the Utility s base revenues are decoupled from its sales volume through regulatory balancing accounts, or revenue adjustment mechanisms, that are designed to allow the Utility to collect its authorized base revenue requirements regardless of sales volume. As a result, the Utility s net income is not impacted by fluctuations in sales. The Utility s earnings primarily depend on its ability to manage its base operating and capital costs within its authorized base revenue requirements. Due to the seasonal nature of the Utility s business and rate design, customer electric bills are generally higher during summer months (May to October) because of higher demand, driven by air conditioning loads. Customer bills related to gas service are generally higher during winter months (November to March) because of higher demand due to heating. From time to time, the CPUC may use incentive ratemaking mechanisms that provide the Utility an opportunity to earn additional revenues. For example, the Utility has earned incentives for the successful implementation of energy efficiency programs. See Regulatory Matters in Item 7. MD A for more information on specific CPUC proceedings. Base Revenues General Rate Cases The GRC is the primary proceeding in which the CPUC determines the amount of base revenue requirements that the Utility is authorized to collect from customers to recover the Utility s anticipated costs related to its electric distribution, natural gas distribution, Utility-owned electric generation operations, gas transmission and storage facilities, and an opportunity to earn authorized rate of return from the cost of capital decision. The CPUC conducts a GRC for the Utility every four years. The CPUC approves the annual revenue requirements for the first year (or test year ) of the GRC period and typically authorizes the Utility to receive annual increases in revenue requirements for the subsequent years of the GRC period (known as attrition years ). Attrition year rate adjustments are generally authorized for cost increases related to invested capital and inflation. Parties to the Utility s GRC include the Public Advocates Office of the CPUC (formerly known as Office of Ratepayer Advocates or ORA) and TURN, which generally represent the interests of residential customers, as well as numerous intervenors that represent other business, community, customer, environmental, and union interests. For more information about the Utility s GRC, see Regulatory Matters - 2027 General Rate Case in Item 7. MD A. Cost of Capital Proceedings The CPUC periodically conducts a cost of capital proceeding to authorize the Utility s ratemaking capital structure (i.e., the relative weightings of common stock, preferred equity, and debt for ratemaking) and rates of return for its electric generation, electric and natural gas distribution, and natural gas transmission and storage rate base. The rate of return, or cost of capital, is the weighted average cost of debt, preferred equity, and common stock a utility has issued to finance its utility capital investments. The CPUC s cost of capital proceedings generally take place in a consolidated proceeding with California s other large investor-owned electric and gas utilities. For more information about the cost of capital proceedings, see Regulatory Matters - Cost of Capital Proceedings in Item 7. MD A. 19 Electricity Transmission Owner Rate Cases The FERC determines the amount of authorized revenue requirements, including the rate of return on electric transmission assets, that the Utility may collect through rates in TO rate cases. In its TO rate cases, the Utility uses a formula rate methodology, which includes an authorized revenue requirement and rate base for a given year but also provides for an annual update of the previous year s revenue requirement and rates in accordance with the terms of the FERC-approved formula. Under the formula rate mechanism, transmission revenue requirements are updated to the actual cost of service annually as part of the true-up process. Differences between amounts collected and determined under the formula rate are either collected from or refunded to customers. The FERC typically authorizes the Utility to charge new rates based on the requested revenue requirement, subject to refund, before the FERC has issued a final decision. The Utility bills and records revenue based on the amounts requested in its rate case filing and records a reserve for its estimate of the amounts that are probable of refund. These FERC-approved rates are included by the CPUC in the Utility s retail electric rates and by the CAISO in its transmission access charges to wholesale customers. For more information, see Regulatory Matters - Transmission Owner Rate Case for 2024 in Item 7. MD A. The Utility also recovers a portion of its revenue requirements for its wholesale electric transmission costs through charges collected under specific contracts with wholesale transmission customers that the Utility entered into before the CAISO began its operations. These wholesale customers are charged individualized rates based on the terms of their contracts. Program-Specific Memorandum Account and Balancing Account Costs Periodically, costs arise outside of the CPUC s GRC proceedings or that have been deliberately excluded from such proceedings. These costs may result from catastrophic events, changes in regulation, new programs, or extraordinary changes in operating practices. The Utility may seek authority to track incremental costs in a memorandum account, and the CPUC may authorize recovery of costs tracked in memorandum accounts if the costs are deemed reasonable. Recovery of the costs tracked in these memorandum accounts through rates requires CPUC authorization in separate proceedings, the outcome of which the Utility may be unable to predict. Alternatively, the Utility may seek authority to track incremental costs related to these non-GRC programs in balancing accounts. For more information, see Regulatory Matters - Cost Recovery Proceedings in Item 7. MD A and Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Diablo Canyon Extended Operations In lieu of the traditional rate-based return on investment, the Utility receives a fixed payment of $100 million plus a volumetric payment of $13 per MWh generated by DCPP. The fixed payment may be adjusted downward in the event of extended unplanned outages. The amounts of the fixed and volumetric payments are escalated annually by the CPUC. The volumetric payment cannot be realized as shareholder profits or paid out as dividends. Revenues to Recover Energy Procurement and Other Pass-Through Costs Electricity Procurement Costs California IOUs are responsible for procuring electrical capacity required to meet bundled customer demand, plus applicable reserve margins. The utilities are responsible for scheduling and bidding electric generation resources, including certain electricity procured from third parties, into the wholesale market to meet customer demand according to which resources are the least expensive. In addition, the utilities are required to obtain CPUC approval of their bundled procurement plans ( BPPs ), which are based on customer demand forecasts. California law allows electric utilities to recover the costs incurred in compliance with their CPUC-approved BPPs without further after-the-fact reasonableness review by the CPUC. The Utility recovers its electric procurement costs annually primarily through balancing accounts. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. The CPUC may disallow costs associated with electricity purchases if the costs were not incurred in compliance with the CPUC-approved plan or if the CPUC determines that the utility failed to follow the principles of least-cost dispatch. Additionally, the CPUC may disallow the value of lost generation due to unplanned outages at utility-owned generation facilities. The CPUC has approved various power purchase agreements into which the Utility has entered with third parties in accordance with the Utility s CPUC-approved BPP, to meet mandatory renewable energy targets, and to comply with RA requirements. For more information, see Electric Utility Operations - Electricity Resources below as well as Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 20 The Utility is also responsible, as the central procurement entity ( CPE ) for its distribution service area, for seeking to procure the entire amount of required local RA on behalf of all CPUC-jurisdictional LSEs in its distribution service area. The Utility may defer procurement of local resources to the CAISO s backstop mechanisms if bid costs are deemed unreasonably high. In addition, the CPUC can order the Utility to seek to procure specific local capacity products, which are included as energy procurement costs. The Utility recovers its administrative and procurement costs associated with its CPE function through a balancing account, subject to demonstrating compliance to the CPUC. The CPUC has also approved the Power Charge Indifference Adjustment ( PCIA ). The PCIA is a cost recovery mechanism to ensure that customers who switch from the Utility s bundled service to a non-Utility provider, such as a DA or CCA provider, pay their share of the above-market costs associated with long-term power purchase commitments and Utility-owned generation made on their behalf. Natural Gas Procurement, Storage, and Transportation Costs The Utility recovers the cost of gas used in generation facilities as a cost of electricity that is recovered annually through retail electric rates. The Utility generally recovers the cost of gas purchased on behalf of small commercial and residential customers, as well as the cost of derivative instruments for its core gas portfolio, through its retail gas rates. If the Utility s costs average less than 99% of a market-based benchmark, then the Utility returns 80% of such savings to customers, subject to a cap; if the Utility s costs average more than 102% of the benchmark, the Utility recovers 50% of such excess costs. As a result, changes in the price of natural gas are not expected to materially impact net income. The Utility incurs transportation costs under various agreements with interstate and Canadian third-party transportation service providers. These providers transport natural gas from the points at which the Utility takes delivery of natural gas (typically in Canada, the U.S. Rocky Mountains, and the southwestern United States) to the points at which the Utility s natural gas transportation system begins. These agreements are governed by FERC-approved tariffs that detail rates, rules, and terms of service for the provision of natural gas transportation services to the Utility on interstate and Canadian pipelines. The FERC approves the United States tariffs governing payments by shippers (including the Utility) for pipeline service, and the Canada Energy Regulator, the Canadian regulatory agency, approves the applicable Canadian tariffs. The transportation costs the Utility incurs under these agreements are recovered through CPUC-approved rates as core natural gas procurement costs or as a cost of electricity. Costs Associated with Public Purpose and Customer Programs The CPUC authorizes the Utility to recover the costs of various public purpose and other customer programs through the collection of rates from most Utility customers. These programs relate to energy efficiency, demand response, distributed generation, energy research and development, and other matters. Additionally, the CPUC has authorized the Utility to provide discounted rates for specified types of customers, such as for low-income customers under the CARE program, which is paid for by the Utility s other customers. Nuclear Decommissioning Costs The Utility s nuclear power facilities consist of two units at DCPP and the Humboldt Bay independent spent fuel installation. Nuclear decommissioning requires the safe removal of nuclear facilities from service and the reduction of residual radioactivity to a level that permits termination of the NRC license and release of the property for unrestricted use. Nuclear decommissioning costs are generally collected in advance through rates and are held in nuclear decommissioning trusts to be used for the eventual decommissioning of each nuclear unit. The Utility files an application with the CPUC, generally every three years, requesting approval of the Utility s updated estimated decommissioning costs and any rate change necessary to fully fund the nuclear decommissioning trusts to the levels needed to decommission the Utility s nuclear facilities. If the nuclear decommissioning trusts are overfunded, the amount of such overfunding will be returned to customers, and if the nuclear decommissioning trusts are underfunded, the CPUC must authorize the electric utility to collect these charges from its customers. For costs related to AROs, see Asset Retirement Obligations in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 21 Human Capital Employees and Contractors As of December 31, 2025, PG E Corporation had 10 employees, and the Utility had approximately 29,000 regular employees. Of the Utility s regular employees, approximately 17,500 are covered by collective bargaining agreements with the local chapters of three labor unions: the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers ( IBEW ) Local 1245; the Engineers and Scientists of California ( ESC ) International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers 20; and the Service Employees International Union Local 24/7 ( SEIU ). The collective bargaining agreements in effect for the IBEW Local 1245, ESC Local 20, and SEIU United Service Workers West expired on December 31, 2025, and have been automatically extended for at least one year while the parties negotiate successor agreements. The automatic extension does not cover general wage increases, which must be separately bargained and agreed to for 2026 and beyond. Under prior agreements, wages increased annually by 3.75% from 2022 through 2025. The IBEW, ESC, and SEIU represent approximately 60% of the Utility s employee workforce and support several areas of the Utility s business, including gas and electric operations. The Utility enjoys stable and productive relationships with its unions and did not experience any work stoppages in 2025. PG E Corporation s employees are primarily at the executive management level. The Utility generally has a stable workforce. The Utility s turnover rate for 2025 was 3.8%. Approximately 46% of PG E Corporation s and the Utility s employees have a tenure of more than 10 years, with an average tenure of 11 years. Approximately 19% of PG E Corporation s and the Utility s employees are eligible to retire. (PG E Corporation and the Utility define retirement age as 55 years and older.) The Utility s contractors and subcontractors include approximately 39,000 individuals from approximately 1,200 contractor companies. Human Capital Management PG E Corporation s and the Utility s human capital resource objectives are to build and retain an engaged, well trained and equitably-paid workforce. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s Boards of Directors are responsible for overseeing management s development and execution of PG E Corporation s and the Utility s human capital strategy. To build employee engagement, the Utility has a variety of both executive-level and employee-led initiatives and programs. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s executive teams meet regularly to discuss and evaluate the state of employee talent, determine which programs are driving engagement and performance, and clarify the specific skills, behaviors, and virtues that should be cultivated. Each year, the Utility honors employees whose work embodies safety, inclusion and belonging, environmental leadership, innovation, and community service. The Utility conducts employee surveys to measure and improve employee engagement. PG E Corporation and the Utility offer or require technical, leadership, and employee training, which includes a range of technical training for employees on the knowledge and skills required to perform their jobs safely using approved tools and work procedures. In addition, employees are required to complete annual compliance and ethics training and a Code of Conduct training, both of which are intended to promote a culture in which employees are encouraged to speak up with any concerns or ideas for continuous improvement. In addition, the Utility offers a variety of other trainings and education opportunities. Among other programs, the Utility provides career opportunities through its PowerPathway workforce development program. Launched in 2008, PowerPathway is a workforce development model to enlarge the talent pool of local and qualified candidates that reflect the communities the Utility serves for skilled craft and utility industry jobs through training program partnerships with educational, community-based and government organizations. Students receive approximately eight weeks of industry-informed curriculum to ensure the academic, job specific, employability skills and physical training necessary to effectively compete for entry-level employment. PG E Corporation and the Utility also provide integrated solutions and programs for employee health and wellness that encompass physical, mental, and financial health. These resources include several on-site or near-site health clinics, annual health screenings, health management tools, ergonomic support, and injury management programs, in addition to more traditional programs. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s financial incentives offered to employees include a Short-Term Incentive Plan ( STIP ), an at-risk part of employee compensation designed to reward eligible employees for achieving specific performance goals. The 2025 STIP was focused on company objectives of safety, customer impact, and financial health. 22 All executive officer compensation is paid by PG E Corporation. Safety The Utility s strategy to deliver safety outcomes remains focused on employees, contractors, and public safety through identification, elimination, and mitigation of high-energy hazards. The Utility s safety metrics include the number of actual serious injuries or fatalities ( SIF-A ) and high-energy events that had the potential to result in a serious injury or fatality per 200,000 hours worked ( SIF-P rate ). In 2025, the Utility had four SIF-A incidents, which resulted in one fatality and three serious injuries, and a SIF-P rate of 0.051. The Utility continues to mature its PG E Safety Excellence Management System, which is a systematic approach to assess risk and evaluate or implement controls for safe operation based on industry standards. Inclusion and Belonging PG E Corporation s and the Utility s goal is to foster a workplace culture of inclusion and belonging where all employees find it enjoyable to work with and for PG E Corporation and the Utility and feel they belong. These efforts are led by PG E Corporation s and the Utility s Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer, in partnership with the executive team. The People and Compensation Committee of PG E Corporation s Board of Directors reviews the companies inclusion and belonging strategy, practices, and performance. Key elements of PG E Corporation s and the Utility s approach to inclusion and belonging include integrating inclusion and belonging into the employee experience with a focus on equity and interrupting bias in hiring, promotion, retention and compensation, heightened cultural awareness programming to encourage understanding and importance of inclusion and belonging, and integrating useful content into training, development, and performance support resources. Additionally, the Utility s 12 Employee Resource Groups and three Engineering Network Groups execute enterprise-wide employee engagement programming and recognize employees contributions to organizational culture among the Utility s workforce, communities, and customers. The Employee Resource Groups are open to all employees. Specialized teams facilitate awareness, education, and dialogue and support enterprise inclusion and belonging efforts. Electric Utility Operations The Utility generates electricity and provides electric transmission and distribution services throughout its service area in northern and central California to residential, commercial, industrial, and agricultural customers. The Utility provides electricity, transmission, and distribution services in its service area. Customers also can obtain electricity from alternative providers such as municipalities or CCAs, as well as from self-generation resources, such as rooftop solar installations. For more information, see Competition below. Electricity Resources The Utility is required to maintain adequate capacity to meet its customers demand for electricity ( load ), including peak demand and planning and operating reserves, deliverable to the locations and at times as may be necessary to provide reliable electric service. The Utility is responsible for scheduling and bidding electric generation resources, including certain electricity procured from third parties into the wholesale market, to meet customer demand. In 2025, the Utility estimated total net deliveries of electricity to retail customers were 24,052 GWh. This amount represents the total amount of electricity generated and procured, net of electricity sold into the CAISO open market or to third parties. Utility-owned resources generated approximately 60% of its net delivered electricity. Of the 2025 estimated total net deliveries of electricity to retail customers from generated and procured resources, approximately 71% was generated from GHG-free resources (34% qualifying renewable energy resources, 32% nuclear, and 5% large hydroelectric), and 29% was generated from natural gas generation resources. Consistent with the RPS requirement, the Utility considers qualifying renewable energy resources to include bioenergy such as biogas and biomass, hydroelectric facilities that are 30 MW or less, wind, solar, and geothermal energy. The Utility s percentage of GHG-free generation decreased in 2025, compared to 2024, because DCPP s generation became attributable to all customers statewide (rather than only the Utility s customers). This change does not represent a decrease in the Utility s ownership of the DCPP resource; rather, the generation associated with this resource became attributed among other LSEs portfolios. For more information about California s clean energy goals, see further below and in the Sustainability and Resiliency section below. 23 The Utility calculates net deliveries of electricity according to the Power Content Label methodology based on CEC guidelines. Owned Generation Facilities As of December 31, 2025, the Utility owned the following generation facilities, all located in California, listed by energy source and further described below: Generation Type County Location Number of Units Net Operating Capacity (MW) Nuclear (1) : Diablo Canyon San Luis Obispo 2 2,240 Hydroelectric (2) : Conventional 16 counties in northern and central California 91 2,628 Helms pumped storage Fresno 3 1,212 Fossil fuel-fired: Colusa Generating Station Colusa 1 657 Gateway Generating Station Contra Costa 1 580 Humboldt Bay Generating Station Humboldt 10 163 Elkhorn Battery Energy Storage System Monterey County 1 183 Photovoltaic (3) : Various 12 152 Total 121 7,815 (1) DCPP consists of two nuclear power reactor units, Units 1 and 2. The NRC operating license for Unit 1 expired in 2024, and the operating license for Unit 2 expired in 2025. Both remain in effect pending completion of the ongoing federal relicensing review. For more information, see Extension of Diablo Canyon Operations in Item 7. MD A below. (2) The Utility s hydroelectric system consists of 94 generating units at 58 powerhouses. All of the Utility s powerhouses are licensed by the FERC (except for one small powerhouse not subject to the FERC s licensing requirements), with license terms between 30 and 50 years. (3) The Utility s large photovoltaic facilities are Cantua solar station (20 MW), Five Points solar station (15 MW), Gates solar station (20 MW), Giffen solar station (10 MW), Guernsey solar station (20 MW), Huron solar station (20 MW), Stroud solar station (20 MW), West Gates solar station (10 MW), and Westside solar station (15 MW). All of these facilities are located in Fresno County, except for Guernsey solar station, which is located in Kings County. Generation Resources from Third Parties The Utility has entered into various agreements to purchase power and electric capacity, including agreements for renewable energy resources, in accordance with its CPUC-approved procurement plan. See Ratemaking Mechanisms above. For more information regarding the Utility s power purchase agreements, see Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Energy Storage Energy storage improves system reliability, supports California s decarbonization goals by integrating increased levels of renewable energy, and assists in the event of customer demand growth. The CPUC has established a multi-year energy storage procurement framework, under which the Utility met its requirements to make 580 MW of qualifying storage capacity operational by 2025. As of December 31, 2025, the Utility owned 183 MW and has contracted for another 3,024 MW of operational energy storage capacity. The Utility has also procured 1,884 MW of battery energy storage to be deployed over the next several years and is working to procure additional battery energy storage to meet its remaining reliability requirements. Separately, the Utility solicited and executed an agreement for long-duration storage, which is storage with at least eight hours of discharge capacity, in order to have this resource online by 2031. In September 2025 the CPUC also conditionally authorized the Utility to recover the costs, up to a cap, associated with increasing the nameplate generating capacity of its Helms Pumped Storage Facility. Electricity Transmission Transmission lines deliver electricity at high voltages and over long distances from power sources to transmission substations closer to customers. A strong transmission system supports reliable and affordable service, ability to meet state energy policy goals, and support for a diverse generation mix, including renewable energy. 24 As of December 31, 2025, the Utility owned approximately 18,000 circuit miles of interconnected transmission lines. The Utility also operated 33 electric transmission substations. The Utility s electric transmission system is interconnected with electric power systems in the Western Electricity Coordinating Council, which includes many western states, the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia, and parts of Mexico. Decisions about expansions and maintenance of the transmission system can be influenced by decisions of the Utility s regulators and the CAISO. Electricity Distribution Distribution lines allow electricity to travel at lower voltages from substations directly to customers. The Utility s electric distribution network consists of approximately 109,000 circuit miles of distribution lines (of which, as of December 31, 2025, approximately 27% are underground and approximately 73% are overhead), 59 transmission and distribution substations, and 601 distribution substations. The Utility s distribution network interconnects with its transmission system, primarily at switching and distribution substations, where equipment reduces the high-voltage transmission voltages to lower voltages, suitable for distribution to the Utility s customers. These distribution substations serve as the central hubs for the Utility s electric distribution network. Emanating from each substation are primary and secondary distribution lines connected to local transformers and switching equipment that link distribution lines and provide delivery to customers. In some cases, third parties, such as municipal and other utilities, who generate or procure their own power rely upon the Utility s distribution facilities to deliver their power to them, so that they are able to resell the electricity. Electricity Operating Statistics The following table shows certain of the Utility s operating statistics from 2023 through 2025 for electricity sold or delivered, including the classification of revenues by type of service. No single customer of the Utility accounted for 10% or more of consolidated revenues for electricity sold in 2025, 2024, or 2023. 2025 2024 2023 Customers (average for the year) 5,656,450 5,606,873 5,584,185 Deliveries (in GWh) (1) 71,791 74,111 72,933 Revenues (in millions): Residential $ 6,976 $ 7,504 $ 6,041 Commercial 7,022 7,201 5,643 Industrial 1,929 2,065 1,784 Agricultural 1,825 1,815 1,413 Public street and highway lighting 105 103 83 Other, net (2) 72 (47) 136 Subtotal 17,929 18,641 15,100 Regulatory balancing accounts (3) 389 (830) 2,324 Total operating revenues $ 18,318 $ 17,811 $ 17,424 Selected Statistics: Average annual residential usage (kWh) 4,931 5,261 5,217 Average billed revenues per kWh: Residential $ 0.2836 $ 0.2888 $ 0.2356 Commercial 0.2527 0.2528 0.2007 Industrial 0.1403 0.1475 0.1294 Agricultural 0.3636 0.3597 0.2984 Net plant investment per customer $ 12,710 $ 11,460 $ 10,720 (1) These amounts include electricity provided by DA providers and CCAs that procure their own supplies of electricity for their respective customers. (2) This activity is primarily related to the change in unbilled revenue and amounts subject to refund, partially offset by other miscellaneous revenue items. (3) These amounts represent revenues authorized to be billed. 25 Natural Gas Utility Operations The Utility provides natural gas transportation services to core customers (i.e., small commercial and residential customers) and to non-core customers (i.e., industrial, large commercial, and natural gas-fired electric generation facilities) that are connected to the Utility s gas system in its service area. Core customers can purchase natural gas procurement service (i.e. , natural gas supply) from either the Utility or non-utility third-party gas procurement service providers (referred to as core transport agents ). When core customers purchase gas supply from a core transport agent, the Utility continues to provide gas delivery, metering, and billing services to customers. When the Utility provides both transportation and procurement services, the Utility refers to the combined service as bundled natural gas service. More than 97% of core customers, representing approximately 85% of the annual core market demand, receive bundled natural gas service from the Utility. The Utility generally does not provide procurement service to non-core customers, which must purchase their gas supplies from third-party suppliers, unless the customer is a natural gas-fired generation facility with which the Utility has a power purchase agreement that includes its generation fuel expense. The Utility offers backbone gas transmission, gas delivery (local transmission and distribution), and gas storage services as separate and distinct services to its non-core customers. Access to the Utility s backbone gas transmission system is available for all natural gas marketers and shippers, as well as non-core customers. The Utility also delivers gas to off-system customers (i.e., outside of the Utility s service area) and to third-party natural gas storage customers. Natural Gas Supplies The Utility can receive natural gas from all the major natural gas basins in western North America, including basins in western Canada, the Rocky Mountains, and the southwestern United States. The Utility can also receive natural gas from fields in California. The Utility purchases natural gas to serve its core customers directly from producers and marketers in both Canada and the United States. The contract lengths and natural gas sources of the Utility s portfolio of natural gas purchase contracts have varied generally based on market conditions. During 2025, the Utility purchased approximately 304,000 MMcf of natural gas (net of the sale of excess supply of gas). Substantially all of this natural gas was purchased under contracts with a term of one year or less. The Utility s largest individual supplier represented approximately 56% of the total natural gas volume the Utility purchased during 2025. Natural Gas System Assets The Utility owns and operates an integrated natural gas transmission, storage, and distribution system that includes most of northern and central California. On December 31, 2025, the Utility s natural gas system consisted of approximately 45,400 miles of distribution pipelines, approximately 5,500 miles of backbone and local transmission pipelines, and various storage facilities. The Utility owns and operates seven natural gas compressor stations on its backbone transmission system and one compressor station on its local transmission system that are used to move gas through the Utility s pipelines. The Utility s backbone transmission system is used to transport gas from the Utility s interconnection with interstate pipelines, other local distribution companies, and California gas fields to the Utility s local transmission and distribution systems. The Utility has firm transportation agreements for the transportation of natural gas from various natural gas supply points and interconnection points to the Utility s natural gas transportation system. These agreements provide transportation service from western Canada to the United States-Canada border, from the United States-Canada border to an interconnection point with the Utility s natural gas transportation system at the Oregon-California border, from the U.S. Rocky Mountains to an interconnection point with the Utility s natural gas transportation system at the Oregon-California border, and from supply points in the southwestern United States to interconnection points with the Utility s natural gas transportation system in the area of California near Topock, Arizona. (For more information regarding the Utility s natural gas transportation agreements, see Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.) The Utility owns and operates three underground natural gas storage fields and has a 25% interest in a fourth storage field, all of which are connected to the Utility s gas transmission system. The Utility owns and operates compressors and other facilities at these storage fields that are used to inject gas into the fields for storage and later for withdrawal. In 2025, the Utility continued upgrading transmission pipelines to allow for the use of in-line inspection tools. 26 Natural Gas Operating Statistics The following table shows the Utility s operating statistics from 2023 through 2025 (excluding subsidiaries) for natural gas, including the classification of revenues by type of service. No single customer of the Utility accounted for 10% or more of consolidated revenues for bundled gas sales in 2025, 2024 or 2023. 2025 2024 2023 Customers (average for the year) (1) 4,633,685 4,614,080 4,605,628 Gas purchased (MMcf) 223,619 219,758 239,756 Average price of natural gas purchased (price per Mcf) $ 2.55 $ 1.99 $ 6.91 Bundled gas sales (MMcf): Residential 147,827 146,842 171,889 Commercial 56,986 55,174 60,248 Total Bundled Gas Sales $ 204,813 $ 202,016 $ 232,137 Revenues (in millions): Bundled gas sales: Residential $ 3,651 $ 3,089 $ 3,686 Commercial 1,074 984 1,052 Other 101 159 (145) Bundled gas revenues 4,826 4,232 4,593 Transportation service only revenue 1,937 1,815 1,603 Subtotal 6,763 6,047 6,196 Regulatory balancing accounts (2) (146) 561 808 Total operating revenues $ 6,617 $ 6,608 $ 7,004 Selected Statistics: Average annual residential usage (Mcf) 37 37 37 Average billed bundled gas sales revenues per Mcf: Residential $ 24.39 $ 20.74 $ 20.73 Commercial 17.59 16.28 14.99 Net plant investment per customer $ 5,278 $ 5,019 $ 4,749 (1) These amounts include natural gas provided by core transport agents and CCAs that procure their own supplies of natural gas for their respective customers. (2) These amounts represent revenues authorized to be billed. Nuclear Operations The Utility manages its scheduled refueling outages with the objective of minimizing their duration and maintaining high nuclear generating capacity factors, resulting in a stable generation base for the Utility s wholesale and retail power marketing activities. During scheduled refueling outages, the Utility performs maintenance and equipment upgrades to minimize the occurrence of unplanned outages and to maintain safe, reliable operations. For the year ended December 31, 2025, DCPP achieved an average capacity factor of 90%. Capacity factors, which are significantly affected by the number and duration of refueling and non-refueling outages, reflect the availability of DCPP s generation to the California electricity market and impact the Utility s performance-based disbursements. For more information, see Extension of Diablo Canyon Operations below. Management analyzes capacity factors by comparing DCPP s actual generation to forecasted annual capacity factors, which reflect planned refueling outages, curtailments for condenser cleaning, allowances for minor curtailments resulting from equipment issues, and curtailments for major ocean storms. In addition to the maintenance and equipment upgrades performed by the Utility during scheduled refueling outages, the Utility has extensive operating and security procedures in place to assure the safe operation of DCPP. The Utility also has extensive safety systems in place designed to protect the plant, personnel, and surrounding area in the unlikely event of an accident or other incident. 27 Competition Trends in Market Demand The Utility expects customer electric load to increase in coming years primarily as a result of data center usage, electric vehicle adoption, and building electrification. The Utility s ability to accurately predict the location and pace of electric load growth is limited, due to factors such as extent of customer demand, the policy environment, and macroeconomics. Load growth can reduce other customers' rates when the incremental revenue for the new load is greater than the incremental cost to serve that load. The degree to which load growth reduces other customers rates will depend on the pricing for the new load, which in turn depends on the unit cost of power for the new load, the costs to construct infrastructure to connect new load, the Utility s cost to serve the new load, and the amount of power used. The Utility is engaged with regulators and other stakeholders on policies, such as cost allocation and rate design frameworks, that support conditions for load growth to improve affordability for customers. The Utility is also impacted by an increasing quantity of distributed generation and energy storage. The levels of self-generation of electricity by customers (primarily solar installations) and customer enrollment in NEM, which allows self-generating customers employing qualifying renewable resources to receive bill credits at the full retail rate, put upward rate pressure on non-NEM customers. The successor to the NEM tariffs, the Net Billing Tariff ( NBT ), reduces but does not eliminate the upward rate pressure. NEM and NBT customers are required to pay an interconnection fee, utilize time of use rates, and pay certain non-bypassable charges to help fund some of the costs of low income, energy efficiency, and other programs that other customers pay. The Utility expects customer demand for gas to decrease in the coming years, primarily in response to policies supporting California s climate goals. Competitive Conditions in the Electricity Industry California law allows qualifying non-residential electric customers of IOUs to purchase electricity from energy service providers rather than from the utilities up to certain annual limits specified for each utility. This arrangement is known as DA. In addition, California law permits cities, counties, and certain other public agencies that have qualified to become CCAs to generate or purchase electricity for their local residents and businesses. By law, a CCA can procure electricity for all of its residents and businesses that do not affirmatively elect to continue to receive electricity generated or procured by a utility. The Utility continues to provide transmission, distribution, metering, and billing services to DA customers at the election of their energy service provider. The CCA customers continue to obtain transmission, distribution, metering, and billing services from the Utility. In addition to collecting charges for transmission, distribution, metering, and billing services that it provides, the Utility collects charges intended to recover the generation-related costs that the Utility incurred on behalf of DA and CCA customers while they were the Utility s customers. The Utility remains the electricity provider of last resort for these customers. Further, in some circumstances, governmental entities such as cities and irrigation districts may have authority under the state constitution or state statute to provide retail electric service directly to consumers, in some cases bypassing the Utility s electric infrastructure entirely. Those entities may also rely upon FERC open access tariffs and Utility infrastructure to deliver their energy for resale at retail to existing or potential new Utility customers. These entities may also seek to acquire the Utility s transmission or distribution facilities through eminent domain for use in serving electricity at retail to existing or potential new Utility customers. As a result, the Utility could lose customers (residential, commercial, and industrial) or experience limited growth in the applicable municipality. See Jurisdictions attempt to acquire the Utility s assets through eminent domain, and third parties attempt to acquire the Utility s customers by bypassing the Utility s electric infrastructure system in Item 1A. Risk Factors. It is also expected that some publicly-owned utilities will build new or duplicate transmission or distribution facilities to serve existing or potential new Utility customers, bypassing the Utility s electric infrastructure. In some instances, microgrid formation is a key factor in a community s choice to engage governmental entities. Some private companies have also called for changes in law that could allow those companies to privately serve electricity to retail customers without being regulated by the CPUC as public utilities. The effect of such types of retail competition generally is to reduce the number of utility customers, leading to decreased growth or a reduction in the Utility s rate base. 28 The Utility also competes for the opportunity to develop and construct certain types of electric transmission facilities within, or interconnected to, its service area through a competitive bidding process managed by the CAISO. For risks in connection with increasing competition, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. Competitive Conditions in the Natural Gas Industry The Utility competes with other natural gas pipeline companies for customers transporting natural gas into the southern California market on the basis of transportation rates, access to competitively priced supplies of natural gas, and the quality and reliability of transportation services. The Utility also competes for storage services with other third-party storage providers, primarily in Northern California. Sustainability and Resiliency The impacts of climate change on the Utility s infrastructure are already a reality. Record-breaking extreme heat and heat waves are increasingly a regular occurrence throughout California. In the past few years, the Utility s electric distribution system has experienced multiple major outage-causing events associated with extreme heat events and peak loads. Peak loads are expected to increase with increasing temperatures due to direct impacts of ambient temperatures on equipment, increased electricity demand driven by rising air conditioning installation and usage, and continued electrification of transportation and buildings. Higher temperatures may also impact the condition and performance of electric assets, potentially causing deterioration of assets and operational constraints. The Utility s assets on the coast and in or near watersheds face potential increased exposures to coastal, riverine, and precipitation-related flooding because of climate driven changes in precipitation and sea level rise. The risk of damage to or interruptions of operations at facilities such as substations is predicted to increase over time due to sea level rise. Electric and gas equipment and safe access for operations must be prepared for these changing conditions. Changing precipitation dynamics may impact the Utility s hydroelectric generation. Diminishing future water availability and altered runoff timing during extreme drought poses risks to hydropower generation, operations, and revenue. Also, extreme rain events suggest enhanced risk of hydropower asset damage or failure associated with flooding, which in the worst cases (e.g., uncontrolled water release) may have catastrophic impacts. Climate change will also continue to intensify the potential for wildfires throughout California. Models incorporating future temperature and precipitation projections suggest that landscape susceptibility to wildfire within the Utility s service area will continue to increase over time, with an expansion of areas that may become HFTD and an intensification of risk within HFTDs. Climate change may also result in increased potential of equipment to cause ignitions or to require PSPS events, as well as the potential for the Utility s equipment to sustain damage from wildfires of any origin. The worsening conditions across California increase the likelihood and severity of wildfires, including those in which the Utility s equipment may be alleged to be associated with the fire s ignition. Reducing risk will be even more important as climate change continues to exacerbate the risks facing the Utility. Greenhouse Gas Emissions Regulation California laws and regulations have established the following targets: A 40% reduction in GHGs by 2030 compared to 1990 levels. 60% of retail electricity sales to customers from renewable energy sources by 2030. Economy-wide State carbon neutrality by 2045, with net negative emissions thereafter. Renewable and zero-carbon resources supplying 90% of utilities retail electricity sales to customers by 2035, 95% by 2040, and 100% by 2045. 29 The CARB has also approved GHG emissions reporting and a state-wide, comprehensive program that sets gradually declining limits (or caps ) on the amount of GHGs that may be emitted by major GHG emission sources within different sectors of the economy under a program known as the cap-and-trade program. In 2025, the changes to state law authorized the program through 2045. Entities with a compliance obligation, including entities that supply electricity and natural gas to California consumers, can obtain allowances from the CARB at quarterly auctions or from third parties or exchanges. Complying entities may also satisfy a portion of their compliance obligation through the purchase of offset credits. The Utility expects all costs and revenues associated with the GHG cap and trade program to be passed through to customers. The current federal administration has led to uncertainty with regard to what further actions may occur regarding climate change at the federal level. Mitigating Greenhouse Gas Emissions The Utility works to mitigate the impact of its operations (including customer energy usage) on the environment, consistent with its commitment to clean and resilient energy for all. See Emissions Data below. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s 2022 Climate Strategy Report, which is available to the public, describes the companies climate goals and plans to meet those goals. California laws and regulations have also established targets for GHG emissions. See Greenhouse Gas Emissions Regulation above. The core elements of the Utility s plan to achieve these goals are to: reduce its operational emissions; maximize electrification where feasible; integrate clean electricity supply and load management solutions; modernize the gas system into an essential low-carbon resource; and offset remaining emissions through high-quality carbon removal solutions. To reduce operational emissions, the Utility plans to take steps such as reducing methane leaks from its natural gas system, reducing sulfur hexafluoride emissions from the electric system, and electrifying its vehicles, buildings, and facilities. To maximize electrification, the Utility plans to enable and scale building electrification, supported by building codes and appliance standards that give preference to electric technologies, as well as customers choosing to adopt electric appliances. The Utility can accelerate customer adoption of electric vehicles by offering customer programs, preparing the grid to accommodate new electric vehicle demand, and partnering with innovators on strategies that reduce the cost of owning an electric vehicle. Load management solutions can increase utilization of the electric infrastructure system, such as by using distributed energy resources more strategically and enabling technologies for customers like bidirectional charging. To integrate clean electricity supply, the Utility plans to continue to expand GHG-free energy resources and storage capacity over the long-term to meet California s Integrated Resource Planning ( IRP ) GHG emissions reduction targets and California s clean energy goals. The Utility expects its GHG-free energy supply to decrease in the near future because, during DCPP s extended operations, the Utility is required to allocate its GHG-free attributes to certain non-Utility providers. The Utility also allocates or sells certain GHG-free energy supply to eligible non-Utility providers in its service territory pursuant to CPUC directives. Modernizing the gas system involves reducing natural gas carbon intensity through clean fuels and decarbonizing hard-to-electrify customers. Clean renewable fuels such as renewable natural gas, which is derived from organic waste, offers a sustainable alternative to fossil fuel-based gas. While still early in assessing its potential, the Utility may also blend a safe amount of hydrogen for customers in the future, if authorized. 30 The Utility s ability to implement this plan depends on many factors, such as customers adopting technologies and behaviors that reduce GHG emissions and supportive federal, state, and local climate policies and programs, including regulatory innovations needed to reduce unnecessary new costs for the energy system. New and maturing technologies will need to become effective and efficient. Additionally, the Utility will need to construct infrastructure to serve customer demand and implement load management solutions in a way that is affordable for customers. This affordable construction depends on PG E Corporation s and the Utility s receiving sufficient funding through their ratemaking applications, dedicating adequate resources, efficiently financing operations, achieving operational cost savings, and benefiting from load growth. Adapting to the Physical Impacts of Climate Change Effectively managing physical climate risk will become increasingly critical as the physical impacts of climate change become increasingly frequent and severe over the coming years in California. The Utility s climate resilience efforts continue to focus on characterizing and mitigating the physical impacts of climate change to the Utility s infrastructure, assets, and operations. The Utility is making substantial investments to build a more resilient system that can better withstand extreme weather and related emergencies. For more information on such investments, see Performance: Underpinning the Triple Bottom Line above. A key element of preparing the Utility for the physical risks of climate change is a system-wide CAVA of the Utility s assets, operations, and services, filed with the CPUC in 2024. The CAVA improves the Utility s understanding of its exposure to climate hazards and the sensitivity of assets and operations to these hazards, and provides the basis for necessary climate resilience investments. The Utility is currently developing the next CAVA, which is expected to be more granular than the previous climate vulnerability assessment and will be submitted to the CPUC in 2027. The Utility is using the CAVA to inform changes to design and construction standards for equipment and facilities in order to increase infrastructure resilience. The Utility plans to continue identifying priority adaptive actions by incorporating results from the CAVA into its risk management, planning, and asset management functions. The Utility works to incorporate scientific information into its operations by reviewing relevant scientific literature. The Utility also works to incorporate customer and community perspectives in the CAVA process based on its engagement with CPUC-designated disadvantaged and vulnerable communities. The Utility s commitment to increasing resilience to climate change includes aligning its resources and business strategy with California s clean energy goals and advocating for policies and programs that enable safe and reliable energy for the Utility s customers in light of climate change. For example, the Utility believes its strategies to reduce GHG emissions through a portfolio of customer programs, infrastructure improvements, and the use of renewable energy and energy storage will help it adapt to the expected increases in demand for electricity. PG E Corporation and the Utility are also making progress on transitioning the gas system to cleaner fuels and supporting efforts to accelerate building electrification. Their objective is to do so in an orderly manner to achieve a positive customer and community experience, while reducing natural gas system investments in targeted electrified communities. Emissions Data PG E Corporation and the Utility track and report their annual environmental performance results across a broad spectrum of areas. The following table shows the Utility s third-party verified voluntary GHG inventory for 2024, which is the most recent data available. Measuring emissions data involves complex estimates and assumptions, which may change as a result of methodology changes. PG E Corporation and the Utility also publish additional GHG emissions data in their annual Corporate Sustainability Report. Emissions Scope Amount (metric tons CO 2 equivalent) Scope 1 and 2 emissions (1) 3,391,499 Scope 3 emissions (2) 36,445,372 (1) Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from the Utility s operations and Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from facility electricity use and electric line losses. (2) Scope 3 emissions are emissions resulting from downstream value chain activities not owned or controlled by the Utility but that which can be indirectly impacted by the Utility s actions. The majority of these emissions came from customer natural gas use. 31 The Utility achieved a third-party verified CO 2 emissions rate of 16 pounds of CO 2 per MWh for electricity delivered to retail customers in 2024, using the CEC s Power Source Disclosure program methodology. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS PG E Corporation s and the Utility s financial results can be affected by many factors, including estimates and assumptions used in the critical accounting estimates described in Item 7. MD A, that can cause their actual financial results to differ materially from historical results or from anticipated future financial results. The following discussion of key risk factors should be considered in evaluating an investment in PG E Corporation and the Utility and should be read in conjunction with Item 7. MD A and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this 2025 Form 10-K. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially affect PG E Corporation s and the Utility s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows. Risks Related to Wildfires The Wildfire Fund, Continuation Account, and other provisions of AB 1054 and SB 254 may not effectively mitigate the risk of liability f