=== PCG_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A: Risk Factors and Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K. PG E Corporation and the Utility do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events, or otherwise. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and proxy statements are available free of charge on PG E Corporation s website, www.pgecorp.com, as promptly as practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC located at http://www.sec.gov. Additionally, PG E Corporation and the Utility routinely provide links to the Utility s principal regulatory proceedings before the CPUC and the FERC at http://investor.pgecorp.com, under the Regulatory Filings tab, so that such filings are available to investors upon filing with the relevant agency. PG E Corporation and the Utility also routinely post or provide direct links to presentations, documents, and other information that may be of interest to investors at http://investor.pgecorp.com, under the Wildfire and Safety Updates and News Events: Events Presentations tabs, respectively, in order to publicly disseminate such information. It is possible that any of these filings or information included therein could be deemed to be material information. The information contained on PG E Corporation s website is not part of this or any other report that PG E Corporation or the Utility files with, or furnishes to, the SEC. PG E Corporation and the Utility are providing the addresses of this website solely for the information of investors and do not intend the address to be an active link. PG E Corporation and the Utility also make available to investors information about the companies climate goals and progress in the Corporate Sustainability Report, Climate Strategy Report, and CAVA, which information is not incorporated by reference into this report. 10 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS PG E Corporation, incorporated in California in 1995, is a holding company whose primary operating subsidiary is Pacific Gas and Electric Company, a public utility operating in Northern and Central California. The Utility was incorporated in California in 1905. PG E Corporation became the holding company of the Utility and its subsidiaries in 1997. The Utility generates revenues mainly through the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas to customers. The Utility s service area is shown in the graphic below. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s operating revenues, income, and total assets for the most recently completed year can be found below in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The principal executive offices of PG E Corporation and the Utility are located at 300 Lakeside Drive, Oakland, California 94612. PG E Corporation s telephone number is (415) 973-1000 and the Utility s telephone number is (415) 973-7000. This is a combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for PG E Corporation and the Utility. PG E Corporation and the Utility are separate entities. Triple Bottom Line PG E Corporation s and the Utility s purpose is to deliver for their hometowns, serve the planet, and lead with love. In support of this purpose, the companies employ a Lean operating model designed to drive more effective and responsive decision-making, reduce the difficulties many employees face in their day-to-day work, and deliver better outcomes for customers and communities. PG E Corporation and the Utility measure their progress toward this purpose by considering their impact on the triple bottom line of people, planet, and prosperity, which is underpinned by performance; this consideration takes into account not only the economic value they create for customers and investors, but also their responsibility to social and environmental goals. The triple bottom line is designed to balance the interests of the companies many stakeholders, and it reflects the broader societal impacts of the companies activities. PG E Corporation and the Utility will continue to consider the impact on the triple bottom line of people, planet, and prosperity in their daily operations as well as in their long-term strategic decisions. The Utility will continue to seek fair and timely regulatory treatment to support its customer-driven investment plan while pursuing cost-control measures that would allow it to maintain the affordability of its service. The Lean operating system is an important means of realizing PG E Corporation s and the Utility s objective of achieving world-class performance while delivering hometown service. People The people element of the triple bottom line represents PG E Corporation s and the Utility s commitment to their workforce, their customers, the residents of local communities in which the companies do business, and other stakeholders. 11 PG E Corporation s and the Utility s goal is to continually reduce risk to keep customers, the communities they serve, and their workforce (both employees and contractors) safe. Their focus is on continuously building an organization where every work activity is designed to facilitate safe performance, every worker knows and practices safe behaviors, and every individual is encouraged to speak up and stop work if they see unsafe or risky behavior, and has confidence that their concerns and ideas will be heard and pursued. PG E Corporation and the Utility are committed to significantly improving their safety performance by understanding their risks, prioritizing their work, using controls to reduce risks, and continuously measuring and improving risk reduction. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s human capital resource objectives are to build and retain an engaged, well trained, and equitably-paid workforce. PG E Corporation and the Utility place a high priority on delivering customer value and providing a hometown customer experience. The Utility s customer-driven investment program is aimed at improving safety, increasing electric and gas service reliability, and improving customer satisfaction. For more information, see Human Capital below. Planet The planet element of the triple bottom line represents PG E Corporation s and the Utility s commitment to protect and serve the environment. PG E Corporation and the Utility believe that integrating and managing climate change and other environmental considerations in the companies business strategies creates long-term value for PG E Corporation and the Utility, and for their customers, communities, employees, and other stakeholders. The Utility is adapting to severe and extreme climate-driven natural hazards. To build resilience to these hazards, the Utility is working to systematically integrate forward-looking climate data and tools into its decision-making. PG E Corporation and the Utility also work with policymakers and regulators to advance effective climate change policy in California, and work directly with local governments and communities on adaptation solutions. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s 2022 Climate Strategy Report, which is available to the public, describes the companies climate goals and plans to meet those goals. To meet their longer-term climate goals, PG E Corporation and the Utility intend to scale their efforts to decarbonize the energy system to accommodate increased vehicle and building electrification, integrate a proliferation of distributed energy resources, and achieve increased utilization of renewable energy combined with investments in the grid and energy storage. PG E Corporation and the Utility continue to pursue policies and programs that enable safe, reliable, affordable, clean, and resilient energy for their customers. As a result of actions already taken by PG E Corporation and the Utility, the companies have: Helped customers avoid emissions and manage energy costs through robust energy efficiency programs. Implemented contracts for more than 4.9 GW of battery energy storage capacity, strengthening California s grid efficiency and reliability. Helped enable the total number of electric vehicles operating in the Utility s service area to exceed 820,000. Brought the total number of interconnected private solar customers to more than 950,000. Continued to advance decarbonization initiatives for the Utility s natural gas delivery system, including meeting the CPUC-mandated methane emission reduction target ahead of schedule. Prosperity The prosperity element of the triple bottom line represents PG E Corporation s and the Utility s commitment to meeting their financial objectives and providing economic development opportunities and benefits in the communities they serve. Management believes clean energy should be affordable for and inclusive of all economic backgrounds. Under cost-of-service ratemaking, a utility s earnings depend on the outcomes of its ratemaking proceedings and its ability to manage costs. 12 See Ratemaking Mechanisms below and Regulatory Matters in Item 7. MD A for more information on specific CPUC and FERC proceedings. Generally, differences between forecast costs and actual costs can occur for numerous reasons, including the volume of work required and the impact of market forces on the cost of labor and materials. Differences in costs can also arise from changes in laws and regulations at both the state and federal level. Costs can also decrease due to improved efficiencies or waste elimination. PG E Corporation and the Utility are committed to taking steps to improve their credit ratings and metrics over time. All three credit ratings agencies have increased PG E Corporation s and the Utility s issuer credit ratings since 2020. PG E Corporation's dividend policy entails consistent dividend increases targeting a dividend payout ratio of approximately 20% of core earnings (a non-GAAP financial measure) by 2028. For more information, see Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Total capital expenditures recorded in 2025 were $13.4 billion. The Utility s total capital expenditures (including accruals) are forecasted to be $12.4 billion for 2026, $13.4 billion for 2027, $15.4 billion for 2028, $16.3 billion for 2029, and $16.0 billion for 2030. The Utility has identified opportunities for investment in the coming years in addition to its forecast, including investments in transmission for data centers and system investments, transportation electrification capacity, hydroelectric facilities, energy storage, information technology, and automation. The Utility plans to submit a 10-year Electric Undergrounding Plan to the OEIS for review. The Utility will then submit an application requesting conditional approval of the plan s costs to the CPUC. Some of these investments depend on the Utility s ability to generate or obtain the cash to support such investments over this period of time. The completion of projects, the timing of expenditures, and the associated cost recovery may be affected by permitting requirements and delays, construction schedules, availability of labor, equipment and materials, financing, legal and regulatory approvals and developments, community requests or protests, weather, and other unforeseen conditions. Additionally, $2.85 billion of fire risk mitigation capital expenditures will be excluded from the Utility s equity rate base pursuant to SB 254. The Utility expects to make additional capital expenditures, the recovery of which will be subject to future regulatory approval. These expenditures include capital expenditures exceeding amounts authorized in the 2023 GRC final decision and expenditures to be included in a later filing or separate applications. These expenditures are expected to be primarily for wildfire mitigation and electrification. PG E Corporation and the Utility are committed to building a safe, reliable, sustainable, and climate-resilient energy system at an affordable cost for customers. The Utility s capital investment plan, increasing procurement of renewable power and energy storage, increasing environmental regulations, and the cumulative impact of other public policy requirements collectively place continuing upward pressure on customer rates. Certain CPUC proceedings could impact different types of customers differently. The Utility has set a goal to increase customer capital investments while also limiting customer bill impacts, including by achieving operating cost savings, seeking efficient financing, and benefiting from electric load growth that reduces other customers bills. The Utility plans to meet its cost savings goal through increased efficiencies including waste elimination through the Lean operating system. The Utility expects data centers, electric vehicle adoption, and building electrification to drive load growth. For more information see Competition below. The Utility has a number of programs in place to assist low-income customers, such as the CARE program. Under the CARE program, income-qualified customers can receive a monthly discount of 20% or more on their natural gas and electric bill. The Utility has set a goal to limit average annual customer rate increases to 3%. PG E Corporation s and the Utility s Corporate Sustainability Report, which is available to the public, describes the companies progress toward world-class performance measured with the triple bottom line framework. 13 Performance: Underpinning the Triple Bottom Line PG E Corporation and the Utility use the Lean operating system, which includes five basic plays : visual management; operating reviews; problem solving; standard work; and waste elimination. Visual management allows teams to see how they are performing against their most important metrics using real-time data. Teams throughout PG E Corporation and the Utility hold daily, weekly, and monthly operating reviews designed to align the performance of employees closest to the work with the goals and objectives of the companies. These brief meetings help the Utility identify gaps and quickly develop plans to support the teams performing the work and give the Utility more visibility, control and predictability in its operations. Problem solving involves a structured approach to identifying, containing, analyzing, and solving problems in order to capitalize on opportunities. Standard work reduces costs and increases productivity by establishing a consistent company-wide method for completing a task. Waste elimination, the fifth Lean play, involves identifying and eliminating inefficiencies in both process and workflow in a sustainable manner and driving the continued adoption of consistent processes and improvements to financial visibility and controls. The Utility has responded to wildfire risk by implementing operational changes and investing in safety, including: Enhanced Powerline Safety Settings: EPSS adjusts the sensitivity of circuit protection devices on selected power lines to de-energize them in less than one-tenth of a second in the event of a disturbance to help prevent potential ignitions. The Utility has enabled EPSS in all high fire risk areas. Public Safety Power Shutoffs: The PSPS program proactively de-energizes power lines in response to forecasted weather conditions. Since its inception in late 2017, the PSPS program has become more targeted through the use of sectionalizers, which enable more targeted de-energizations, and more granular risk models. Vegetation management: The Utility inspects its overhead electric distribution and transmission facilities on an annual basis to identify and mitigate vegetation that might grow or fall into utility equipment. Additional inspections are conducted within a subset of HFTD areas. The Utility continues to leverage remote sensing technology to enhance data driven inspection planning and safe work execution. Asset inspections: Asset inspections identify equipment conditions before failure. The Utility s asset inspection programs continue to grow more risk-informed, thorough, standardized, digitized, and verifiable. System hardening: System hardening entails repairing, replacing, or eliminating existing power lines in HFTD areas and installing stronger and more resilient equipment. As the Utility s asset inspections have identified less resilient equipment, the Utility has hardened its system by fixing significantly more equipment than in prior years. Hardening methods also include replacing bare overhead conductors with covered conductors and installing stronger poles, removing lines, serving customers through remote grids, or converting lines from overhead to underground. In recent years, the Utility has introduced or expanded its use of several measures including clearing defensible space around transmission structures, downed conductor detection, partial voltage force outs, and transmission operational controls which further decreased wildfire ignition risk. The Utility s equipment was not involved in the ignition of any major wildfires in 2025. The Utility experienced a decreased number of CPUC-reportable ignitions in 2025, compared to 2024, due to continued operational improvements. The Utility is also continuing to invest in a safe and reliable gas system. The Utility s asset safety efforts include pipeline replacements, strength testing, and real-time monitoring systems. Additionally, the Utility educates the public and its workforce regarding safe digging practices and maintains rapid outage response protocols to protect public safety and minimize service disruptions. The Utility s generation operations focus on safety, compliance, environmental stewardship, and asset reliability. The Utility focuses on continuous improvement, risk informed decision-making, and adhering to industry standards for asset risk management and lifecycle optimization. Work management systems enable the execution and tracking of preventative and corrective maintenance strategies for generation assets. 14 Regulatory Environment The Utility s business is subject to the regulatory jurisdiction of various agencies at the federal, state, and local levels. The Utility is regulated primarily at the state level by the CPUC and at the federal level by the FERC and the NRC. The Utility is also subject to the requirements of other federal, state and local regulatory agencies, including with respect to safety, the environment, and health, such as the NTSB and the OEIS. This section and the Environmental Regulation and the Ratemaking Mechanisms sections below summarize some of the more significant laws, regulations, and regulatory proceedings affecting the Utility. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Regulatory Matters in Item 7. MD A. PG E Corporation is subject to the Public Utility Holding Company Act as a public utility holding company. The Public Utility Holding Company Act primarily obligates PG E Corporation and its utility subsidiaries to provide access to their books and records to the FERC and the CPUC for ratemaking purposes. California Public Utilities Commission The CPUC regulates privately owned public utilities in California. The CPUC has jurisdiction over the rates and terms and conditions of service for the Utility s electric and natural gas distribution operations, electric generation, and natural gas transmission and storage services. The CPUC has also exercised jurisdiction over the Utility s issuances of securities, dispositions of utility assets and facilities, energy purchases on behalf of the Utility s electric and natural gas retail customers, rates of return, rates of depreciation, oversight of nuclear decommissioning, and aspects of the siting of facilities used in providing electric and natural gas utility service. The CPUC enforces state and federal laws and regulations that set forth safety requirements pertaining to the design, construction, testing, operation, and maintenance of utility gas and electric facilities. The CPUC can impose penalties of up to $100,000 per day, per violation. The CPUC has broad discretion to determine the amount of penalties based on the totality of the circumstances, including such factors as the gravity of the violations, the type of harm caused by the violations and the number of persons affected, and the good faith of the entity charged in attempting to achieve compliance, after notification of a violation. The CPUC also is required to consider the appropriateness of the amount of the penalty to the size of the entity charged. The CPUC has delegated authority to the SED to issue citations and impose penalties for violations identified through audits, investigations, or self-reports. Under the gas and electric citation programs adopted by the CPUC, the SED has discretion whether to issue a penalty for each violation. If it assesses a penalty for a violation, it has the authority to impose the maximum statutory penalty of $100,000 per day, with an administrative limit of $8 million per citation issued. Penalty payments for citations issued pursuant to the gas and electric safety citation programs are the responsibility of shareholders and may not be recovered through rates or otherwise charged to customers. The CPUC has also authorized the SED to propose for CPUC approval administrative consent orders and administrative enforcement orders when the SED deems a formal order instituting investigation unnecessary. The California State Legislature also directs the CPUC to implement state laws and policies, such as the laws relating to wildfires and wildfire cost recovery, increasing renewable energy resources, the development and widespread deployment of distributed generation and self-generation resources, the reduction of GHG emissions, the establishment of energy storage procurement targets, and the development of a state-wide electric vehicle charging infrastructure. The CPUC is responsible for approving funding and administration of state-mandated public purpose programs such as energy efficiency and other customer programs. The CPUC also conducts audits and reviews of the Utility s accounting, performance, and compliance with regulatory guidelines. The CPUC has imposed various conditions that govern the relationship between the Utility and PG E Corporation and other affiliates, including financial conditions that require PG E Corporation s Board of Directors to give first priority to the capital requirements of the Utility, as determined to be necessary and prudent to meet the Utility s obligation to serve or to operate the Utility in a prudent and efficient manner. For more information on specific CPUC enforcement matters and CPUC-implemented laws and policies and the related impact on PG E Corporation and the Utility, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, Regulatory Matters, Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives, and Liquidity and Financial Resources in Item 7. MD A and Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 15 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and California Independent System Operator Corporation The FERC has jurisdiction over the Utility s electric transmission revenue requirements and rates, the siting, construction, operation, maintenance, and safety obligations of substantially all of the Utility s hydroelectric generation facilities, and the interstate sale and transportation of natural gas. The FERC regulates the interconnections of the Utility s transmission systems with other electric systems and generation facilities, the tariffs and conditions of service of regional transmission organizations, and the terms and rates of wholesale electricity sales. The FERC also is charged with adopting and enforcing mandatory standards governing the reliability of the nation s electric transmission grid, including standards to protect the nation s bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security breaches. The FERC s approval is required under Federal Power Act Section 203 before undertaking certain transactions, including most mergers and consolidations, certain transactions that result in a change in control of a utility, purchases of utility securities and dispositions of utility property. The FERC has authority to impose fines of up to $1 million per day for violations of certain federal statutes and regulations. For more information on specific FERC requirements and their impact on PG E Corporation and the Utility, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Regulatory Matters, Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives, and Liquidity and Financial Resources in Item 7. MD A, and Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. The CAISO is the FERC-approved regional transmission organization for the Utility s service area. The CAISO controls the operation of the electric transmission system in most of California and a small part of Nevada and provides open access transmission service on a non-discriminatory basis. The CAISO is also responsible for planning transmission system additions, ensuring the maintenance of adequate reserves of generating capacity, ensuring that the reliability of the transmission system is maintained, and operating the wholesale power market in most of California and an interstate energy imbalance market. Nuclear Regulatory Commission The NRC oversees the licensing, construction, operation, and decommissioning of nuclear facilities, including the Utility s two nuclear generating units at DCPP and the Utility s independent spent fuel storage installation at Humboldt Bay. See Electricity Resources below. NRC regulations require extensive monitoring and review of the safety, radiological, seismic, environmental, and security aspects of these facilities. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines or to force a shutdown of a nuclear plant, or both. NRC safety and security requirements have, in the past, necessitated that the Utility incur substantial costs at DCPP, and substantial costs could be required in the future. For more information about DCPP, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Other Regulators The CEC is a California agency with responsibility for energy policy and planning. The CEC is responsible for licensing all thermal power plants over 50 MW within California. The CEC establishes forecasts of future energy needs used by the CPUC in determining the adequacy of utilities and other load-serving entities electricity procurement. The CEC also promotes energy management and conservation programs, including setting standards for building and appliance energy efficiency and load management programs. The CARB is the state agency responsible for setting and monitoring GHG and other emission limits. The CARB is also responsible for adopting and enforcing regulations to implement state law requirements to gradually reduce GHG emissions in California. See Environmental Regulation - Air Quality and the Clean Air Act below. The NTSB is an independent U.S. government investigative agency responsible for civil transportation accident investigations, including pipeline accidents. The NTSB also conducts special investigations and safety studies, and issues safety recommendations to prevent future accidents. The California Geologic Energy Management Division is the state agency responsible for establishing and enforcing regulations for the operation of the Utility s underground gas storage facilities. The Department of Transportation s ( DOT ) Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration has established regulations regarding the design, construction, operation, maintenance, integrity, safety, and security of natural gas distribution, transmission, and underground storage facilities. The DOT has certified the CPUC to administer oversight and compliance with these regulations for the entities it regulates in California. 16 The OEIS is a state agency responsible for reviewing and approving or rejecting the Utility s WMP and for evaluating the Utility s implementation of the WMP. The OEIS is also responsible for reviewing and issuing the Utility s annual safety certification, annually reviewing and approving the Utility s executive compensation plan, conducting assessments of the Utility s safety culture, conducting field inspections of wildfire mitigation activities, and reviewing proposed undergrounding plans under SB 884. In addition, the Utility obtains permits, authorizations, and licenses in connection with the construction and operation of the Utility s generation facilities, electricity transmission lines, natural gas transportation pipelines, and gas compressor station facilities. Delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain and maintain, any such permits, authorizations, or licenses could prevent construction of new facilities, limit or prevent continued operation of existing facilities, or result in significant additional costs or restrictions on operations. The Utility also periodically obtains permits, authorizations, and licenses in connection with distribution of electricity and natural gas that grant the Utility rights to occupy or use public property for the operation of the Utility s business and to conduct certain related operations. The Utility has franchise agreements with approximately 300 cities and counties that permit the Utility to install, operate, and maintain the Utility s electric or natural gas facilities in the public streets and highways. In exchange for the right to use public streets and highways, the Utility pays annual fees to the cities and counties. In most cases, the Utility s franchise agreements are for an indeterminate term, with no