=== AEE_2026-03-31.htm.gz ===
tm261401-1_nonfiling - none - 26.463779s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Ameren Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS March 31, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders: As we reflect on 2025, we do so with deep gratitude and pride in the resilience of our company and communities. Though the year brought extraordinary challenges, including devastating spring tornadoes, Ameren stood strong for our customers, delivering reliable energy and supporting recovery efforts. We also maintained strong performance driven by our unwavering focus on executing our company strategy of investing in rate-regulated energy infrastructure, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy policies. I d like to share some highlights of the year in three areas: sustainable growth, reliability and resiliency, and support of those we serve. Powering Growth We remain committed to demonstrating sustainable growth for our owners. Ameren s ability to power growth starts with a caring team and is built on a foundation of solid utility infrastructure and a strong financial position. In 2025, we delivered meaningful earnings per share growth in addition to a 6% increase in our dividend, representing our twelfth consecutive year of increases. We also executed significant capital investments of $4.1 billion, which was in line with the five-year investment plan we announced in February 2025. Achieving Key Milestones for Energy Reliability and Resilience Providing reliable energy for our customers today, while keeping rates as low as possible and preparing for tomorrow s increasing demand and economic development, is fundamental to everything we do at Ameren. Across our service territory, we ve made strong progress. We filed an updated preferred resource plan with the Missouri Public Service Commission ( MoPSC ), outlining the balanced mix of generation resources needed over the next 20 years to support economic expansion, bolster reliability, and create jobs. Consistent with this plan, we filed requests for MoPSC approval of more than 1.4 GW of new generation and energy storage resources, and a new 50-megawatt solar energy center was placed in service in December. The passage of Missouri Senate Bill 4 and the MoPSC s approval of a new large load customer tariff established a strong framework to capture the investment, jobs and economic growth opportunities tied to significant expected increases in electric demand while protecting residential customers from increased costs. With this framework in place, in early 2026, Ameren Missouri was able to sign long-term electric service agreements with customers representing 2.2 gigawatts of demand under its large load customer rate plan. In Illinois, we achieved constructive regulatory outcomes in our natural gas delivery service rate review in November, as well as our 2024 multi-year rate plan reconciliation. We also continued advancing the estimated $1.3 billion of transmission projects the Midcontinent Independent System Operator ( MISO ) has assigned to Ameren. MISO identified these projects as critical to supporting the reliability and resiliency of our regional energy grid. Our transmission team worked diligently through 2025 to advance this work while preparing to compete for additional projects to be awarded in 2026 and beyond. Supporting our Customers and Communities People are at the heart of everything we do at Ameren. Our employees are customers who live and work in the communities we serve, and we do what we can to help those communities thrive. This was evident in our efforts following severe tornadoes in May 2025. Our Ameren team worked around the clock to restore service safely in close coordination with local communities, who recognized our outstanding work. Beyond service restoration, Ameren continued to support our customers who were most impacted by severe weather. Over the course of the year, we expanded our commitment to communities by providing more than $11 million in philanthropic funding to over 400 nonprofit organizations across our service territory and contributing over 27,500 coworker volunteer hours, while also supporting our most vulnerable customers through more than $9 million in increased philanthropic donations and bill payment assistance funding to community action agencies. *** We will discuss these highlights and more during the upcoming Ameren Corporation 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be held in a virtual-only format on Thursday, May 14, 2026, at 10 a.m. CDT. You are invited to attend. Details regarding how to participate in the meeting, including how and when to vote and submit questions, are included in this proxy statement along with additional information regarding our board of directors, strategy, business practices and executive compensation programs. Your vote is important, and I encourage you to cast it promptly. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Ameren s performance in 2025 is a reflection of our people, our purpose, and our partnership with the communities we serve. We are proud of the progress we ve made together. As we look ahead, we remain focused on delivering safe and reliable energy while investing prudently in a more resilient future. Thank you for your continued trust in Ameren. Sincerely, Martin J. Lyons, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 4 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Ameren Corporation Time and Date Place 10 a.m. CDT on Thursday, May 14, 2026 Ameren Corporation s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders ( Annual Meeting ) will be held in a virtual meeting format only. You can participate in the Annual Meeting live via the Internet by visiting: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AEE2026. Voting Items Proposals Board Vote Recommendation For Further Details 1. Election of 12 director nominees FOR each director nominee Page 18 2. Advisory approval of executive compensation FOR Page 50 3. Ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR Page 94 Shareholders will also act on other business properly presented to the meeting. The Board of Directors of the Company presently knows of no other business to come before the meeting. Who Can Vote If you owned shares of the Company s common stock at the close of business on March 16, 2026, you are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and at any adjournment thereof. To attend, vote and ask questions during the Annual Meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, on your proxy card, or on any additional voting instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. Online check-in will begin at 9:45 a.m. CDT. Please allow ample time for the online check-in process. Attendance at the Annual Meeting is subject to capacity limits set by the virtual meeting platform provider. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote for each director nominee and one vote for each of the other proposals. In general, shareholders may vote prior to the Annual Meeting by telephone, the Internet or mail, or during the Annual Meeting by participating in the virtual meeting. See ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting for more details regarding how you may vote if you are a registered holder or a beneficial owner of shares held in street name. Date of Mailing On or about March 31, 2026, we began mailing to certain shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials containing instructions on how to access this proxy statement and our annual report and how to vote online. If you received that notice, you will not receive a printed copy of the proxy materials unless you request it by following the instructions for requesting such materials contained on the notice. On or about March 31, 2026, we began mailing the accompanying proxy card to certain shareholders. By order of the Board of Directors, David M. Feinberg Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary St. Louis, Missouri March 31, 2026 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting to be held on May 14, 2026: This proxy statement and our 2025 Form 10-K, including consolidated financial statements, are available to you at www.amereninvestors.com/investors/proxy-materials. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF AMEREN CORPORATION 5 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 7 Company Overview 7 2025 Performance Highlights 8 Human Capital Management 10 Board of Director Highlights 13 2025 Executive Compensation Program Components 14 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights 15 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 18 Item 1 Election of Directors 18 Information Concerning Nominees to the Board of Directors 18 Board Composition and Refreshment 26 The Board s Role and Responsibilities 28 Board Structure 33 Board Committees 36 Board Practices, Policies and Processes 41 Director Compensation 47 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION MATTERS 50 Item 2 Advisory Approval of Executive Compensation (Say-on-Pay) 50 Executive Compensation 51 Human Resources Committee Report 51 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 51 Executive Overview 51 Mix of Pay 58 Base Salary 59 Short-Term Incentive Compensation 59 Long-Term Incentive Compensation 63 2026 Incentive Compensation Program Changes 67 Perquisites 67 Retirement Benefits 67 Executive Compensation Decision-Making Process 69 Other Compensation Matters 71 Compensation Tables and Narrative Disclosures 74 CEO Pay Ratio 90 Pay Versus Performance 91 AUDIT MATTERS 94 Item 3 Ratification of the Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2026 94 Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 94 Fees for Fiscal Years 2025 and 2024 95 Policy Regarding the Pre-Approval of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Provision of Audit, Audit-Related and Non-Audit Services 96 Audit and Risk Committee Report 96 SECURITY OWNERSHIP 98 Security Ownership of More Than Five Percent Shareholders 98 Security Ownership of Directors and Management 99 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 100 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 101 Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting 101 Other Matters 106 Shareholder Proposals 106 Proxy Solicitation 106 Form 10-K 107 Forward-Looking Information 107 APPENDIX A Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Information A-1 6 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Below is a summary of information regarding the items to be voted on at the Annual Meeting. You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. Company Overview Ameren Corporation ( Ameren or the Company ) is a public utility holding company headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri. Ameren serves approximately 2.5 million electric customers and more than 900,000 natural gas customers in a 64,000-square-mile area through its rate-regulated utility subsidiaries: Union Electric Company, doing business as Ameren Missouri ( Ameren Missouri ), and Ameren Illinois Company, doing business as Ameren Illinois ( Ameren Illinois ). Ameren Missouri provides electric generation, transmission and distribution service, as well as natural gas distribution service. Ameren Illinois provides electric transmission and distribution service and natural gas distribution service, but does not own any power generating assets. Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois operates a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission rate-regulated electric transmission business in the Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. Ameren has a strong track record of earnings per share and dividend growth. Earnings Per Share* Annualized Dividends Per Share Total Shareholder Return * See Appendix A for GAAP to weather-normalized adjusted earnings reconciliation. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary 2025 Performance Highlights Ameren s strategy is to invest in rate-regulated energy infrastructure, enhance our regulatory frameworks and advocate for responsible policies, and optimize our operating performance. During 2025, we successfully executed across all components of our strategy to achieve strong financial results and key operational and regulatory outcomes, as summarized below. Financial Highlights Earnings Per Share $5.35 Earnings per diluted share (GAAP) $4.89* Weather-normalized, adjusted earnings per diluted share (non-GAAP) Dividends Per Share Annual dividends of $2.84 per share; increase of 6% over 2024 Capital Investments $4.1 billion * See Appendix A for GAAP to weather-normalized adjusted earnings reconciliation. Business Highlights In February 2025, Ameren Missouri updated its Preferred Resource Plan ( PRP ), reflecting an anticipated 1.5 gigawatts ( GW ) of expected new energy demand by 2032 and a balanced mix of generation resources to deliver reliable, affordable and cleaner energy for all customers. In April 2025, the MoPSC issued an order in Ameren Missouri s 2024 electric service regulatory rate review authorizing an increase of $355 million to Ameren Missouri s annual revenue requirement for electric retail service, effective June 1, 2025. Ameren Missouri filed requests with the Missouri Public Service Commission ( MoPSC ) to approve the addition of over 1.4 GW of new generation and storage resources, including 800 MW of natural gas, 400 MW of battery storage, and 250 MW of solar generation, in accordance with its PRP. In November 2025, the MoPSC approved Ameren Missouri s large load customer tariff, a key milestone in supporting addition of data center and other large load customers. In accordance with Missouri Senate Bill 4, which was enacted in April 2025, the tariff includes robust protections for other customers to ensure that large load customers pay their fair share of the costs of serving them, including minimum service terms, credit/collateral requirements, early termination fees, and force majeure protections. In August 2025, the Illinois Commerce Commission ( ICC ) issued an order approving Ameren Illinois energy-efficiency plan that includes annual investments in electric energy-efficiency programs of approximately $126 million per year from 2026 through 2029. In November 2025, the ICC issued an order approving a $73 million annual revenue increase for Ameren Illinois natural gas delivery service business. In December 2025, the ICC approved a $48 million adjustment to the 2024 revenue requirement that was approved as part of the multi-year rate plan, which reflected the reconciliation to actual costs. In 2025, Ameren invested approximately $4.1 billion in electric, natural gas and transmission infrastructure, which included installing nearly 26,000 electric distribution poles, 283 miles of upgraded transmission and distribution lines and underground cable, 750 smart switches and 31 new or upgraded substations. In December 2025, Ameren Missouri placed in service the Vandalia Renewable Energy Center, a 50-MW solar facility. Throughout 2025, severe weather events tested Ameren s system as Ameren s service territory experienced approximately 30% more storms than average over the past 10 years. Ameren s investments to strengthen the grid prevented more than 56 million minutes of potential customer outages across Missouri and Illinois, more than double the prevented outage minutes from 2024. 8 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Investments are driving continued improvement in electric service reliability and resilience, with an approximately 13% decrease in outage frequencies since 2016, based on the rolling 5-year average of Ameren Missouri s and Ameren Illinois System Average Interruption Frequency Index (SAIFI), excluding major event days. Ameren-supplied residential electric customer rates remained well below the Midwest and U.S. averages. In 2025, Ameren had strong customer service satisfaction rating responses. Such responses averaged approximately 4.6 out of 5 stars after interacting with Ameren across all service platforms, including call center, website transactions and field service. Ameren invested over $200 million in 2025 in energy efficiency and demand response to reduce customers energy usage and support long-term reliability. Strengthening our communities through over $150 million in energy assistance and philanthropic funding, as well as over 27,500 hours volunteered by Ameren employees to regional non-profit organizations. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Human Capital Management The execution of our strategy is driven by the capabilities and engagement of our workforce. Our goal is to attract, enable and retain talented employees that are prepared to deliver on Ameren s mission and strategic priorities today and in the future. Our workforce strategy is anchored in four key pillars: Culture, Leadership Development, Organizational Alignment and Work Optimization, and Talent Attraction, Development and Rewards. We are committed to workforce practices that adhere to laws and regulations regarding non-discrimination. We make employment decisions based on merit, without regard to any characteristic protected by law, and reinforce this commitment through robust risk management practices, ongoing legal monitoring, mandatory non-discrimination training, and employee feedback mechanisms. Strong governance further supports these efforts the Human Resources Committee of Ameren s Board of Directors oversees human capital management, with regular updates to the Committee and the full Board on culture, organizational structure, leadership development, and legal and compliance matters. Culture We continuously work to cultivate a mission-driven, values-based culture that supports the sustainable execution of our strategy. We design workforce practices and policies that instill and reinforce our core values Safety, Accountability, Integrity, Respect, and Stewardship and organizational competencies: Be Strategic, Continuously Improve, Deliver Results, Engage Respectfully, Foster Collaboration, and Think Customer. These efforts drive the execution of our strategy and create a positive, engaging work environment. We seek employee feedback through confidential surveys and other channels, using insights to enhance the employee experience. Safety remains a cornerstone of our culture. Every employee is expected to challenge unsafe acts, work safely, and provide feedback on safety and security matters. In addition to comprehensive standards and mandatory training, we promote programs that encourage employees to speak up about risks including physical and cyber security, ethics, compliance, and policy concerns. Leadership Development We seek to attract, develop and retain a strong leadership team with a variety of experiences and perspectives. Management engages in an extensive succession planning process annually, which includes the involvement of the Board of Directors. We develop our leaders both individually, through job rotations, coaching, work experiences and leadership development programs, and as a team. Throughout the year, we offer a variety of forums intended to connect our leaders to our mission, vision, values, strategy and culture, to build leadership skills and capabilities, and to foster teamwork. Organizational Alignment and Work Optimization We regularly evaluate our organizational structure and make adjustments to facilitate the execution of our strategy and to drive organizational efficiency. We take proactive and intentional actions to ensure our structure is aligned with our highest priorities, processes are streamlined, technology is leveraged to drive efficiency and productivity, and roles are structured to facilitate communication, ownership and accountability. Talent Attraction, Development and Rewards We engage in a variety of internal and external workforce development initiatives to ensure we have a strong pipeline of talent with the skills needed to execute our strategic priorities. We invest in our people to build or enhance technical, leadership, and professional skills and we facilitate mentoring relationships across the organization. Complementing these efforts, our rewards program delivers a competitive and financially sustainable total rewards package that reinforces strong performance and supports engagement. We regularly evaluate our offerings to ensure they provide meaningful value to employees while maintaining fiscal responsibility enabling Ameren to attract, retain, and motivate top talent to achieve our strategic objectives. 10 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary ITEM 1 Election of Directors The 12 nominees for director include 11 independent directors, as well as the Company s chairman, president and CEO. The Board of Directors believes that the diverse skills, experiences and perspectives represented by the nominees will continue to support effective oversight of the Company s strategy and performance. For more information about the nominees qualifications, skills, and experiences, please see pages 18 - 25 . The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR each of the 12 director nominees. The following table provides summary information about each director nominee. Each director nominee is elected annually by a majority of votes by shareholders entitled to vote and represented at the Annual Meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Name Age Director Since Occupation Independent Committee Membership 1,2 ARC HRC NCGC CDTC FC NOESC Cynthia J. Brinkley 66 2019 Retired Chief Administrative and Markets Officer of Centene Corporation C Ward H. Dickson 63 2018 Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of WestRock Company C Jamie L. Engstrom 48 2026 Senior Vice President and Global Chief Information Officer, Caterpillar Inc. Ellen M. Fitzsimmons 65 2009 Retired Chief Legal Officer and Head of Public Affairs of Truist Financial Corporation , L Rafael Flores 70 2015 Retired Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Luminant C Richard J. Harshman 69 2013 Retired Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ATI Inc. C Craig S. Ivey 63 2018 Retired President of Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. Steven H. Lipstein 70 2010 Retired President and Chief Executive Officer of BJC HealthCare C Martin J. Lyons, Jr. 59 2022 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company Leo S. Mackay, Jr. 64 2020 Senior Vice President, Ethics and Enterprise Assurance Chief Sustainability Officer of Lockheed Martin Corporation Timothy S. Rausch 61 2026 Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Tennessee Valley Authority Steven O. Vondran 55 2025 President and Chief Executive Officer of American Tower Corporation ARC Audit and Risk Committee CDTC Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee C Member and Chair of a Committee HRC Human Resources Committee FC Finance Committee L Lead Director NCGC Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee NOESC Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee 12 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary (1) In accordance with the Board s retirement age policy, Catherine S. Brune, who currently serves as the Chair of the Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee and as a member of the Finance Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, is not standing for reelection and will retire from the Board effective as of the Annual Meeting. The Board is grateful for Ms. Brune s dedicated and distinguished service over the years. (2) Subject to each director s re-election at the Annual Meeting, the following changes in committee assignments will become effective: Mr. Ivey will become chair of the Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee, will become a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and will no longer serve on the Finance Committee. Mr. Mackay will become a member of the Finance Committee and will no longer serve on the Audit and Risk Committee. Board of Director Highlights* * Reflects nominees for director at the Annual Meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary ITEM 2 Advisory Approval of Executive Compensation (Say-on-Pay) The Company is asking shareholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the executives named in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table in this proxy statement (the Named Executive Officers , or NEOs ). For more information about the NEOs compensation, please see the Executive Compensation discussion on pages 50 - 93 . The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the advisory approval of executive compensation. The Board has a long-standing commitment to strong corporate governance and recognizes the interests that shareholders have in executive compensation. The Company s compensation philosophy is to provide a competitive total compensation program that is based on the size-adjusted median of the compensation opportunities provided by similar utility industry companies (the Market Data ), adjusted for our short- and long-term performance and for the individual s performance. The Board unanimously recommends a FOR vote because it believes that the Human Resources Committee, which is responsible for establishing the compensation for the NEOs, designed the 2025 compensation program to align the long-term interests of the NEOs with those of shareholders to maximize shareholder value. 2025 Executive Compensation Program Components Type Form Terms Fixed Pay Base Salary Set annually by the Human Resources Committee based upon market data, executive performance and other factors. Short-term incentives Cash Incentive Pay Based upon the Company s earnings per share ( EPS ), safety, operational, and customer performance criteria with an individual performance modifier. Long-term incentives Performance Share Units ( PSUs ) 60% of the value of the annual long-term incentive award is granted in the form of PSUs with a performance criteria of TSR compared to utility industry peers over a three-year performance period. 10% of the value of the annual long-term incentive award is granted in the form of PSUs with a performance criteria that measures renewable generation and energy storage additions, as well as fossil-fired energy center retirements, over a three-year performance period, in MW (the Energy Transition metric). Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ) 30% of the value of the annual long-term incentive award is granted in the form of time-based RSUs. RSUs have a vesting period of approximately three years. 14 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Type Form Terms Other Retirement Benefits Employee benefit plans available to all employees, including 401(k) savings and pension plans. Supplemental retirement benefits that provide certain benefits not available due to tax limitations. Deferred compensation program that provides the opportunity to defer part of base salary and short-term incentives, with earnings on the deferrals based on market rates. Double-Trigger Change of Control Protections Change of control severance pay and accelerated vesting of PSUs and RSUs require both (i) a change of control and (ii) a qualifying termination of employment. Perquisites Reimbursements for financial and tax planning services and other reasonable benefits, which are further described in the footnotes to the Summary Compensation Table of this proxy statement. 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights The Company s pay-for-performance program led to the following actual 2025 compensation being earned: 2025 annual short-term incentive base awards based on EPS, safety, operational performance and customer-focused measures were earned at 161.1 percent of target, which reflects certain adjustments to EPS results as discussed under EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION MATTERS Compensation Discussion and Analysis below. This payout reflected strong financial and operational performance by the Company in 2025 that was due, in part, to the strong execution of the Company s strategy, including investing approximately $4.1 billion in capital projects, solid reliability of its operations for the benefit of customers, strong strategic capital allocation, and disciplined cost management. Ameren ranked 11 th in Relative TSR compared to the defined TSR peer group of 20 companies (i.e., the 47th percentile) over the three-year measurement period (2023-2025). Ameren s TSR during the performance period was 25.7 percent, driven by share price appreciation of approximately 15.2 percent, dividends, and dividend growth over the period. The February 9, 2023 PSU awards increased in value from $84.72 per share on the grant date to $99.86 per share as of December 31, 2025. Based on this TSR performance, the PSU long-term incentive awards tied to Relative TSR that were granted in 2023 were earned at 94.0 percent of target. The PSU long-term incentive awards tied to Energy Transition goals that were granted in 2023 were earned at 141.3 percent of target based on the retirement and installation of new generation resources in an aggregate amount of 1,803.3 MW over the three-year measurement period (2023-2025). This performance exceeded the target level of 1,679 MW. The Company s compensation program for 2025 was similar to the 2024 program, which was approved by approximately 95 percent of votes by shareholders entitled to vote and represented at the Company s 2025 annual meeting. Key features of the Company s 2025 executive compensation program include: pay opportunities appropriate to the size of the Company when compared to other companies in the utility industry; a heavily performance-based pay program using multiple performance measures; full disclosure of the financial performance drivers used in our incentives, in numeric terms; a long-term incentive program that supports sustainability goals, which includes the Energy Transition metric; a long-term incentive program that was primarily performance-based and aligned with shareholder interests through a link to stock price, measurement of TSR versus peer companies, and the Energy Transition metric; a clawback policy for the recoupment of excess incentive compensation paid to executive officers in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under U.S. federal securities laws; additional clawback authority over annual and long-term incentives in the event of financial restatements or conduct or activity that is detrimental to the Company or violates the confidentiality or non-solicitation provisions of the applicable incentive award; 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary stock ownership requirements for NEOs (and other senior executives), in order to align the interests of those executives and shareholders; prohibitions against directors and executive officers pledging Company securities and against any transaction by directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries which hedges (or offsets) any decrease in the value of Company equity securities; reimbursements for financial and tax planning services and other reasonable benefits, which are further described in the footnotes to the Summary Compensation Table of this proxy statement; no excise tax gross-ups for change of control severance plan participants who began participating in the plan on or after October 1, 2009; no backdating or repricing of equity-based compensation; and retention of an independent compensation consultant engaged by, and who reports directly to, the Human Resources Committee. 16 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary ITEM 3 Ratification of PwC as Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit and Risk Committee of the Board has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. Consistent with good governance practices, the Company is asking shareholders to ratify the appointment of PwC. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of PwC as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. The members of the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of PwC to serve as the Company s independent external auditor is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Although ratification by the shareholders is not required by law, the Board of Directors has determined that it is desirable to request approval of this appointment by the shareholders. In the event the shareholders fail to ratify the appointment, the Audit and Risk Committee will consider this factor when making any determination regarding PwC. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit and Risk Committee in its discretion may direct the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Set forth below is summary information with respect to PwC s fees for services provided in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024. Year Ended December 31, 2025 ($) Year Ended December 31, 2024 ($) Audit Fees 5,134,000 4,886,000 Audit-Related Fees 100,000 Tax Fees 205,000 65,000 All Other Fees 2,000 2,000 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance ITEM 1 Election of Directors The 12 nominees for director include 11 independent directors, as well as the Company s chairman, president and CEO. The Board believes that the diverse skills, experiences and perspectives represented by the nominees will continue to support effective oversight of the Company s strategy and performance. Board Recommendation for Election of Directors The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR each of the 12 director nominees. Twelve directors are to be elected at the Annual Meeting to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified. In the absence of instructions to the contrary, executed proxies will be voted in favor of the election of the persons listed below. In the event that any nominee for election as director should become unavailable to serve, votes will be cast for such substitute nominee or nominees as may be nominated by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors and approved by the Board of Directors, or the Board of Directors may reduce the size of the Board in accordance with the Company s By-Laws, as amended ( By-Laws ) and Restated Articles of Incorporation. The Board of Directors knows of no reason why any nominee will not be able to serve as director. The 12 nominees for director who receive the vote of at least a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors and represented in person or by proxy at the meeting at which a quorum is present will be elected. Shareholders may not cumulate votes in the election of directors. In the event that any nominee for re-election fails to obtain the required majority vote, such nominee will tender his or her resignation as a director for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and will recommend to the Board the action to be taken with respect to any such tendered resignation. If there is a nominee, other than a nominee for re-election, who fails to obtain the required majority vote, such nominee will not be elected to the Board. Information Concerning Nominees to the Board of Directors The Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has unanimously nominated the 12 directors named below for election at the Annual Meeting. All of the nominees are currently directors of the Company and, with the exception of Ms. Engstrom, who was elected to the Board effective January 1, 2026, and Mr. Rausch, who was elected to the Board effective March 1, 2026, were elected by shareholders at the Company s prior annual meeting. Each nominee has consented to being nominated for director and has agreed to serve if elected. In addition to the specific experiences, qualifications, attributes or skills detailed below, each nominee has demonstrated the highest professional and personal ethics, broad experiences in business, environmental and sustainability matters, government, education or technology, the ability to provide insights and practical wisdom based on their experience and expertise, a commitment to enhancing shareholder value, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and the ability to develop a good working relationship with other Board members and contribute to the Board s working relationship with senior management of the Company. In assessing the composition of the Board of Directors, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommends Board nominees so that, collectively, the Board is balanced by having the necessary experience, qualifications, attributes and skills and that no nominee is recommended because of one particular criterion, except that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee does believe it to be appropriate for at least one member of the Board to meet the criteria for an audit committee financial expert as defined by SEC rules. See Board Composition and Refreshment Consideration of Director Nominees below for additional information regarding director nominees and the nominating process. 18 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance No arrangement or understanding exists between any nominee and the Company or, to the Company s knowledge, any other person or persons pursuant to which any nominee was or is to be selected as a director or nominee. There are no family relationships between any director, executive officer, or person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Cynthia J. Brinkley Retired Chief Administrative and Markets Officer of Centene Corporation Director since: 2019 Age: 66 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Human Resources Committee (Chair) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: Energizer Holdings, Inc., 2014 Present EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: From November 2014 until her retirement in February 2019, Ms. Brinkley served in multiple senior leadership roles at Centene Corporation, a managed health care company, including chief administrative and markets officer from June 2018 to February 2019 and president and chief operating officer from November 2017 to June 2018. Prior to joining Centene, Ms. Brinkley served as vice president of global human resources at General Motors Company from 2011 to 2013. She also held various leadership roles at AT T Inc., including senior vice president of talent development, chief diversity officer and president of AT T Missouri. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Ms. Brinkley s extensive executive management and leadership experience as a former president and chief operating officer of a leading managed health care company, as well as deep experience in the communities which Ameren serves, and strong strategic planning, financial, regulatory, compensation, global human capital management and compensation, telecommunications, operations, risk management, environmental and sustainability and administrative skills and experience, the Board concluded that Ms. Brinkley should serve as a director of Ameren. Ward H. Dickson Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of WestRock Company Director since: 2018 Age: 63 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit and Risk Committee Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee Finance Committee (Chair) OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: Avery Dennison Corp., 2024 Present EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Mr. Dickson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of WestRock Company from July 2015 to November 2021. Mr. Dickson previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of RockTenn Company, the predecessor of WestRock Company, from September 2013 to July 2015, and in various positions at Cisco Systems from February 2006 to September 2013, most recently as Senior Vice President of Finance. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Mr. Dickson s extensive executive management and leadership experience as the chief financial officer of an industrial manufacturing company and senior officer of a technology company; extensive financial experience, including accounting, capital markets, capital structure, capital allocation, mergers and acquisitions and investor relations; significant risk management, cybersecurity, information technology, compensation, environmental and sustainability and administrative skills and experience; and contributions as a current Board and committee member, the Board concluded that Mr. Dickson should serve as a director of Ameren. 20 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Jamie L. Engstrom Senior Vice President and Global Chief Information Officer, Caterpillar Inc. Director since: 2026 Age: 48 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit and Risk Committee Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: None EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Ms. Engstrom has served as the Senior Vice President and Global Chief Information Officer of Caterpillar Inc., a leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives, since 2020. From 2018 to 2020, Ms. Engstrom served as Chief Information Officer of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, following numerous other leadership roles in information technology since joining Caterpillar in 1999. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Ms. Engstrom s extensive executive and leadership experience as the global chief information officer of a leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives, including strong consumer-oriented, cybersecurity, digital, artificial intelligence, information technology, operations, risk management, and administrative skills and experience, the Board concluded that Ms. Engstrom should serve as a director of Ameren. Ellen M. Fitzsimmons Retired Chief Legal Officer and Head of Public Affairs of Truist Financial Corporation Director since: 2009 Lead Director since: 2024 Age: 65 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Human Resources Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: None EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Ms. Fitzsimmons served as Chief Legal Officer and Head of Public Affairs of Truist Financial Corporation from December 2019 through December 2023, having previously served as Corporate Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of its predecessor, SunTrust Banks, Inc., from 2018. From 2003 to November 2017, Ms. Fitzsimmons served as Senior and Executive Vice President of Law and Public Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of CSX Corporation, a transportation supplier, which she joined in 1991. Ms. Fitzsimmons oversaw all legal, government relations and public affairs activities for CSX. During Ms. Fitzsimmons tenure with SunTrust and CSX, her responsibilities included key roles in public affairs and corporate governance-related areas. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Ms. Fitzsimmons extensive executive and leadership experience as the chief legal officer with broad responsibilities at a major financial services provider and a major transportation supplier, including strong legal, government relations, public affairs, regulatory, accounting, financial, risk management, internal audit, compliance, corporate governance, compensation, human capital management and compensation, inclusion, environmental and sustainability and administrative skills and experience; and tenure and contributions as a current Board and Board committee member, the Board concluded that Ms. Fitzsimmons should serve as a director of Ameren. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Rafael Flores Retired Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Luminant Director since: 2015 Age: 70 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit and Risk Committee Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee (Chair) OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: None EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Mr. Flores joined Luminant, a private Texas-based electric utility, in 1983 and served as Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer from 2009 to 2015. In this position, he oversaw operations at the Comanche Peak Nuclear Power Plant in Texas, reported nuclear matters directly to Luminant s nuclear oversight advisory board and represented Luminant with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations, the Nuclear Energy Institute and on various committees and working groups in the nuclear industry. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Mr. Flores extensive executive and leadership experience as senior vice president and chief nuclear officer of an electric utility; government relations, public affairs, regulatory, industry, risk management, compensation, operations, environmental and sustainability and administrative skills and experience; and tenure and contributions as a current Board and Board committee member, the Board concluded that Mr. Flores should serve as a director of Ameren. Richard J. Harshman Retired Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ATI Inc. Director since: 2013 Age: 69 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit and Risk Committee (Chair) Human Resources Committee OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., 2019 Present ATI Inc., 2011-2019 EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Mr. Harshman served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ATI Inc. (ATI), a producer of specialty materials and components to the global electrical energy, aerospace and defense, oil and gas, chemical process industry, medical, and other diversified consumer and durable goods markets, from May 2011 through December 2018 and as Executive Chairman from January 2019 through May 2019. Prior to becoming Chairman, President and CEO, Mr. Harshman served as ATI s President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2010 to May 2011, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from December 2000 to August 2010. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Mr. Harshman s extensive executive management and leadership experience as the chairman, president and chief executive officer, and previously the chief financial officer, of a specialty materials manufacturer; his significant strategic planning, financial, operations, regulatory, industry, customer relations, leadership development, human capital management and compensation, environmental and sustainability and administrative skills and experience; and tenure and contributions as a current Board and Board committee member, the Board concluded that Mr. Harshman should serve as a director of Ameren. 22 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Craig S. Ivey Retired President of Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. Director since: 2018 Age: 63 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee Finance Committee Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: None EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Mr. Ivey served as President of Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. (Con Edison) from 2009 through 2017. Con Edison provides electric service to approximately 3.4 million customers and delivers gas to approximately 1.1 million customers in New York City and Westchester County; it also operates the largest steam distribution system in the United States for customers in New York City. He previously served in various positions at Dominion Resources, an electric utility company in Virginia, from 1985 to 2009, most recently as Senior Vice President for Transmission and Distribution. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Mr. Ivey s extensive executive management and leadership experience as the president and senior vice president of regulated utility companies and his significant strategic planning, regulatory, industry, risk management, government relations, operations, environmental and sustainability and customer relations skills and experience; and contributions as a current Board and committee member, the Board concluded that Mr. Ivey should serve as a director of Ameren. Steven H. Lipstein Retired President and Chief Executive Officer of BJC HealthCare Director since: 2010 Age: 70 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Human Resources Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: None EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Mr. Lipstein served as President and Chief Executive Officer of BJC HealthCare, one of the largest non-profit healthcare organizations in the United States, from 1999 through 2016, and as Chief Executive Officer through December 2017. From 1982 to 1999, Mr. Lipstein held various executive positions within The University of Chicago Hospitals and Health System and The Johns Hopkins Hospital and Health System. Mr. Lipstein served as Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis from 2009 to 2011. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Mr. Lipstein s extensive executive management and leadership experience as the former chief executive officer and president of a healthcare organization; strong strategic planning, banking, regulatory, financial, customer relations, operations, human capital management and compensation, environmental and sustainability and administrative skills and experience; and tenure and contributions as a current Board and Board committee member, the Board concluded that Mr. Lipstein should serve as a director of Ameren. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Martin J. Lyons, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company Director since: 2022 Age: 59 OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: None EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Mr. Lyons joined the Company in 2001 as Controller of Ameren and certain of its subsidiaries. Mr. Lyons was elected Vice President of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries in 2003. In 2007, he was elected Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer, and in 2008, he was elected Senior Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer of Ameren and its subsidiaries. In 2009, Mr. Lyons was elected Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, while remaining as the Principal Accounting Officer, of the Company and its subsidiaries. In 2013, Mr. Lyons was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and its subsidiaries and relinquished his duties as Chief Accounting Officer. In 2016, Mr. Lyons was also elected Chairman and President of Ameren Services. In December 2019, Mr. Lyons was elected Chairman and President of Ameren Missouri. In January 2022, Mr. Lyons was elected President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and in November 2023, he was elected Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Mr. Lyons executive management experience, strong strategic planning, accounting, regulatory, financial, risk management, government relations, operations, human capital management and compensation, environmental and sustainability and administrative skills and experience, and tenure with the Company (and its current and former affiliates), the Board concluded that Mr. Lyons should serve as a director of Ameren. Leo S. Mackay, Jr. Senior Vice President, Ethics and Enterprise Assurance and Chief Sustainability Officer of Lockheed Martin Corporation Director since: 2020 Age: 64 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit and Risk Committee Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation, October 2012 Present EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Mr. Mackay has served as Senior Vice President, Ethics and Enterprise Assurance of Lockheed Martin Corporation, a global security and aerospace company, since August 2018, and also serves as the company s chief sustainability officer. He previously held multiple senior leadership positions at Lockheed Martin, including Senior Vice President, Internal Audit, Ethics and Sustainability from June 2016 to July 2018, and Vice President, Ethics and Sustainability from July 2011 to July 2016. Prior to joining Lockheed Martin, Mr. Mackay served as chief operations officer of ACS State Healthcare, LLC. He also held leadership roles at the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and Bell Helicopter Textron, Inc. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Mr. Mackay s extensive executive and leadership experience as a senior vice president and chief sustainability officer of a global security and aerospace company, including strong operations, regulatory, accounting, financial, risk management, internal audit, compliance, environmental and sustainability, governmental, human capital management and compensation, and administrative skills and experience, the Board concluded that Mr. Mackay should serve as a director of Ameren. 24 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Timothy S. Rausch Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Tennessee Valley Authority Director since: 2026 Age: 61 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Finance Committee Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: None EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Mr. Rausch served as Executive Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer of Tennessee Valley Authority, a federally owned electric utility corporation serving over 10 million people across the southeastern United States, from October 2018 to August 2025. He previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer of both Talen Energy Corporation from 2015 to 2018 and PPL Corporation from 2009 to 2015. Earlier in his career, he also held various leadership positions in nuclear generation at Exelon Nuclear Corporation and FirstEnergy Corporation. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Mr. Rausch s extensive executive and leadership experience as executive vice president and chief nuclear officer of an electric utility, including strong government relations, public affairs, regulatory, industry, risk management, compensation, operations, environmental and sustainability and administrative skills and experience, the Board concluded that Mr. Rausch should serve as a director of Ameren. Steven O. Vondran President and Chief Executive Officer of American Tower Corporation Director since: 2025 Age: 55 STANDING BOARD COMMITTEES: Finance Committee Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee OUTSIDE DIRECTORSHIPS: American Tower Corporation, February 2024 Present EXECUTIVE EXPERIENCE: Mr. Vondran has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of American Tower Corporation, a global real estate investment trust and independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate, since February 2024. He previously held multiple senior leadership positions at American Tower Corporation, including Executive Vice President and Global Chief Operating Officer from November 2023 to February 2024, Executive Vice President and President, US Tower Division from August 2018 to October 2023, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, US Tower Division from August 2010 to August 2018, and Senior Vice President, U.S. Leasing Operations from August 2004 to August 2010. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Based primarily upon Mr. Vondran s extensive executive and leadership experience as a president and chief executive officer of a global real estate investment trust and independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate, including strong legal, operations, regulatory, financial, risk management, compliance, governmental, human capital management and compensation, and administrative skills and experience, the Board concluded that Mr. Vondran should serve as a director of Ameren. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board Composition and Refreshment Consideration of Director Nominees The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider director nominations from shareholders in accordance with the Company s Director Nomination Policy, a copy of which can be found on the Company s website. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider as a candidate any director of the Company who has indicated to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee that he or she is willing to stand for re-election as well as any other person who is recommended by any shareholders of the Company, as set forth in the Director Nomination Policy. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate shareholder recommendations using substantially the same process it follows for other candidates. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may also undertake its own search process for candidates and may retain the services of professional search firms or other third parties to assist in identifying and evaluating potential nominees. In considering a potential nominee for the Board, shareholders should note that in selecting candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee endeavors to find individuals of high integrity who have a solid record of leadership and accomplishment in their chosen fields and who display the independence to effectively represent the best interests of all shareholders. Candidates are selected for their ability to exercise good judgment, to provide practical insights and diverse perspectives and to contribute to the regular refreshment of skill sets represented on the Board. Candidates also will be assessed in the context of the then-current composition of the Board, the average tenure of the Board, the operating requirements of the Company and the long-term interests of all shareholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the following qualifications at a minimum in recommending to the Board potential new Board members, or the continued service of existing members: the highest professional and personal ethics; broad experience in business, government, education or technology; ability to provide insights and practical wisdom based on their experience and expertise; commitment to enhancing shareholder value; sufficient time to effectively carry out their duties; their service on other boards of public companies should comply with the policy limits directors service on boards of public companies set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines; compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; ability to develop a good working relationship with other Board members and contribute to the Board s working relationship with senior management of the Company; and independence; a substantial majority of the Board shall consist of independent directors, as defined by the Company s Director Nomination Policy. See Board Structure Director Independence below. Other than the foregoing, there are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees, although the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may also consider such other factors as it may deem are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee does, however, believe it appropriate for at least one member of the Board to meet the criteria for an audit committee financial expert as defined by SEC rules. The Company s Director Nomination Policy requires all directors standing for re-election to agree that in the event that any director fails to obtain the required majority vote at an annual meeting of shareholders, such director will tender his or her resignation as a director. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and will recommend to the Board the action to be taken with respect to such tendered resignation. In connection with its assessment and recommendation of candidates for director, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider a variety of factors, including but not limited to experience and skills, director tenure, board refreshment and such other factors as it deems appropriate given the then-current and anticipated future needs of the Board and the Company and to 26 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance maintain a balance of perspectives, qualifications, qualities and skills on the Board. Although the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may seek candidates that have different qualities and experiences at different times in order to maximize the aggregate experience, qualities and strengths of the Board members, nominees for each election or appointment of directors will be evaluated using a substantially similar process. In addition, because the Company is committed to maintaining its tradition of inclusion within the Board, each assessment and selection of director candidates will be made by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in compliance with the Company s policy of non-discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation or any other reason prohibited by law. Board Refreshment and Succession Planning Throughout 2025 and early 2026, the Board and the Committee maintained a strong focus on board composition and director succession planning to ensure that the Board continues to reflect the right mix of skills and qualifications. The Board and the Committee engaged in extensive discussions regarding Board composition, leadership positions, and committee responsibilities and assignments. As a result, during the first quarter of 2026, we welcomed two new directors Jamie Engstrom and Timothy Rausch who have extensive experience in information technology and nuclear generation, respectively. These fields are critically important as we increasingly leverage technology to optimize our performance and as we execute our plan to maintain a diverse mix of generation resources to provide reliable, resilient, and affordable energy to our customers and communities. In addition, based on the Board s belief that periodic committee rotations support strong engagement and a diversity of perspectives among committee members, the Board approved certain changes in committee membership that took effect in 2025 and which are planned to take effect following the Annual Meeting. The Board s and the Committee s focus on board refreshment is further supported by the following practices and policies: The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly evaluates the composition of the Board in light of the Company s strategy and the tenure of the members of the Board. Directors are expected to resign from the Board at the next annual meeting after attaining age 72. The Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a director who undergoes a significant change with respect to principal employment is required to notify the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and offer his or her resignation from the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will then evaluate the facts and circumstances and make a recommendation to the Board whether to accept the offered resignation or request that the director continue to serve on the Board. In accordance with the Board s retirement age policy, Catherine S. Brune, who currently serves as the Chair of the Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee and as a member of the Finance Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, is not standing for reelection and will retire from the Board effective as of the Annual Meeting. The Board is grateful for Ms. Brune s dedicated and distinguished service over the years. Steps to Improve Board Effectiveness Outcomes Regular evaluation of the Board in light of the Company s strategy Identify director candidates with diverse perspectives and experiences Retirement age policy Commitment to robust director succession planning Annual Board and committee performance self-evaluations Average tenure of approximately 7.8 years among Board nominees Experience reflected in recent Board additions includes: Customer relations experience Cyber / IT / Digital experience Environmental / Sustainability experience Financial experience Human capital management Utilities / Regulatory / Governmental experience Operations experience Active executive Legal / Governance experience 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance The Board s Role and Responsibilities Overview The Board oversees the strategic direction of the Company in the long-term interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board s major responsibilities include: Overseeing enterprise risk management, including sustainability, social and governance matters; Reviewing and approving strategic and operating plans, financial objectives and other significant actions; Creating and maintaining an effective governance structure, including appropriate Board composition and planning for Board succession; Overseeing our legal, regulatory and ethical compliance programs, including those relating to the preparation of financial statements and other public disclosures; Evaluating CEO and senior management performance and determining executive compensation; and Planning for CEO succession and monitoring management s succession planning for other key executive officers. Risk Oversight Process Given the importance of monitoring risks, the Board has charged its Audit and Risk Committee with oversight responsibility of the Company s overall enterprise risk management process, which includes the identification, assessment, mitigation and monitoring of risks on a Company-wide basis. Our enterprise risk management program is a comprehensive, consistently applied management framework that is designed to ensure all forms of risk and opportunity are identified, reported and managed in an effective manner. Risk management is embedded into business processes and key decision-making at all levels of the Company. The Audit and Risk Committee meets on a regular basis to review enterprise risk management processes, at which time applicable members of senior management provide reports to the Audit and Risk Committee. The Audit and Risk Committee coordinates with other committees of the Board having primary oversight responsibility for specific risks (see BOARD COMMITTEES below). Each of the Board s standing committees receives regular reports from members of senior management concerning its assessment of Company risks within the purview of such committee. Each such committee also has the authority to engage independent advisers. The risks that are not specifically assigned to a Board committee are considered by the Audit and Risk Committee through its oversight of the Company s enterprise risk management process. The Audit and Risk Committee then discusses with members of senior management methods to mitigate such risks. Notwithstanding the Board s oversight delegation to the Audit and Risk Committee, the entire Board is actively involved in risk oversight. The Audit and Risk Committee annually reviews for the Board the oversight responsibilities maintained by the applicable committees and the overall effectiveness of the enterprise risk management process. In addition, at each of its meetings, the Board receives a report from the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee, as well as from the Chair of each of the Board s other standing committees identified below, each of which is chaired by an independent director in accordance with the committee charters. Through the process outlined above, the Board believes that its leadership structure provides effective oversight of the Company s risk management. 28 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Oversight of Risks Associated with Sustainability Matters We are committed to operating in a sustainable manner and are doing this by carefully balancing our key responsibilities to our customers and the communities we serve, our employees, our shareholders, and the environment. Reflecting this balanced approach to sustainability, Ameren s commitment to strong corporate governance includes policies and principles that integrate sustainability matters into our broader risk management and strategic planning initiatives. We are focused on ensuring that our corporate governance and enterprise risk management practices protect and enhance long-term shareholder value and reflect our environmental stewardship. Working closely with the Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee, the full Board of Directors oversees environmental matters as they relate to policy and strategy, including those related to planning for the potential implications of climate-related risks. The Board routinely considers environmental issues (including climate issues) and assesses how they impact the Company s operations, strategies and risk profile. The Board is similarly focused on the Company s social impact and regularly reviews the Company s strategic initiatives that support its commitments to provide safe, reliable and affordable service for the communities in which the Company operates, including the development of a safety-first culture, charitable contributions and other economic support for customers and communities. The Company s directors engage in vigorous discussions regarding these issues in which they express and consider diverse points of view. The Board has a depth and range of skills that make it well-positioned to address the risks and opportunities associated with these issues. These include extensive energy industry, operational, strategic planning, financial, cyber, and governmental or regulatory experience, as well as environmental, sustainability and legal expertise. In addition to the Board s direct oversight, standing committees of the Board have the following responsibilities with respect to sustainability matters: The Audit and Risk Committee oversees Ameren s enterprise risk management program, which includes strategic and operational risks, as well as the processes, guidelines, and policies for identifying, assessing, monitoring, and mitigating such risks. The Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee oversees and reviews the Company s operations, including safety, performance, environmental and compliance issues, and risks, policies, and performance related to environmental sustainability 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance matters, including those related to climate change and water resource management. Senior management updates the Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee on all aspects of the Company s operations throughout the year, including long-term generation planning and Ameren Missouri s Integrated Resource Plan ( IRP ) development, compliance with environmental regulations and environmental sustainability matters. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the Company s corporate governance, which includes review of the Company s proxy statements, shareholder proposals, the Company s responses to shareholder proposals and any reports the Company issues in response to shareholder proposals. The Human Resources Committee oversees executive compensation and human capital management practices and policies. We provide extensive information regarding our sustainability initiatives through our website at www.amereninvestors.com, including the following: Sustainability and Impact Report : Published annually, this report provides extensive information regarding the Company s commitment to powering growth responsibly, reliably and with a long-term view. Resiliency and Reliability Report : Published in March 2026 and anticipated to be published periodically to reflect significant updates, this report details the Company s initiatives to drive reliable and resilient energy services, and provides information aligned with the Task Force for Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) reporting framework. Integrated Resource Plan : At least every three years, Ameren Missouri files a new IRP with the Missouri Public Service Commission ( MoPSC ), as required by Missouri law. This filing reflects Ameren Missouri s preferred plan for meeting its customers energy demands over the next 20-year period. The preferred plan is based on a complex analysis that considers a range of trends, expectations and assumptions regarding the costs, risks and opportunities of future resource decisions. Management provides regular updates to the NOESC and the Board regarding the development and implementation of Ameren Missouri s IRP. Sustainability Investor Presentation : Updated annually, this presentation includes a summary of our sustainability value proposition and related initiatives. EEI/AGA Sustainability Reporting : We were among the initial steering committee members that supported the development of the Edison Electric Institute s ( EEI ) and American Gas Association s ( AGA ) ESG and sustainability-related reporting program, and we continue to publish this report on an annual basis. This reporting framework has enabled utility companies to provide the financial sector with key sustainability information on a more uniform and consistent basis. Our EEI/AGA Sustainability reports under this framework include greenhouse gas emissions data, including 2005 baseline data, other sustainability data, and a qualitative section with a discussion of our sustainability strategy and governance. SEC Filings : Our filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, contain information on material risks, including those related to sustainability matters, human capital management, and detailed information regarding our financial performance. Other Reporting Frameworks : We have published mapping of our sustainability data based on the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ( SASB ), and Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) reporting frameworks. Some of the foregoing reports contain cautionary statements regarding the forward-looking information included in those reports, include statistics or metrics that are estimates, make assumptions based on developing standards that may change and provide targets or goals that are not intended to be promises or guarantees. The reports may also change at any time and we expect updated versions will be posted on our website. Neither our website nor any of the reports or information included therein, including the reports and documents mentioned in this paragraph or elsewhere in this proxy statement, are incorporated by reference to this proxy statement. Human Capital Management Under its charter, the Human Resources Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management the Company s human capital management practices and policies. In accordance with these responsibilities, the Human Resources Committee receives regular updates from management regarding key human capital risks and initiatives, pay equity, organizational structure, and leadership development. 30 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Management Succession Planning The Board, consulting with the Human Resources Committee, the Chief Executive Officer and others, as it considers appropriate, establishes and reviews policies and procedures regarding succession to the Chief Executive Officer position and other key executive positions in the event of emergency or retirement. In furtherance thereof, the Board and the Human Resources Committee meet periodically in executive session to plan for succession with respect to the position of Chief Executive Officer and to monitor management s succession planning for other key executives. Oversight of Risks Associated with Compensation In evaluating the material elements of compensation available to executives and other Company employees, the Human Resources Committee takes into consideration whether the Company s compensation policies and practices may incentivize behaviors that might lead to excessive risk taking. The Human Resources Committee, with the assistance of its independent compensation consultant, Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC ( Meridian ), and Company management, reviews the Company s compensation policies and practices each year for design features that have the potential to encourage excessive risk taking. The program contains multiple design features that manage or mitigate these potential risks, including: an appropriate balance of fixed and variable pay opportunities; caps on incentive plan payouts; the use of multiple performance measures in the compensation program; measurement of performance at the corporate level; a mix between short-term and long-term incentives, with an emphasis for executives on rewarding long-term performance; Committee discretion regarding individual executive awards; oversight by non-participants in the plans; a code of ethics, internal controls and other measures implemented by the Company; anti-hedging and anti-pledging policies for executives; a clawback policy for the recoupment of excess incentive compensation paid to executive officers in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under U.S. federal securities laws; more expansive clawback authority through provisions in the Company s 2022 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2022 Plan ) and its 2014 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2014 Plan ) that applies to annual and long-term incentive program grants; and stock ownership requirements applicable to the NEOs, other officers who are subject to reporting under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (collectively, the Section 16 Officers ), and other officers of the Company. Based upon the above considerations, the Human Resources Committee determined that the Company s compensation policies and practices are not reasonably likely to create risks that have a material adverse effect on the Company. Oversight of Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Risks The Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee has primary responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity and digital technology risks, including those related to information security, prevention and detection of cybersecurity incidents or information breaches, crisis preparedness, incident response plans, disaster recovery and business continuity capabilities, and responsible artificial intelligence practices. Management reports and discussion regarding cybersecurity and digital technology matters are held at each of the Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee s five regularly scheduled meetings each year. The committee receives regular updates from the Company s Chief Information Security Officer and other members of senior management regarding the Company s cybersecurity program and key initiatives, including risk assessments and audits, reports of investigations into significant cybersecurity events, and risk mitigation activities, including cybersecurity capabilities, controls and insurance. Senior management also provides updates on the 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance execution of the Company s digital technology strategy, including key initiatives associated with the increased integration of digital technologies into the Company s operations and infrastructure investment opportunities. The full Board is also regularly updated on the Company s cybersecurity program, including focused discussions in the context of its annual strategy sessions and through reporting from the Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee. In addition, the Board participates in periodic cybersecurity drills to prepare for potential crisis scenarios. The Company maintains an employee training and compliance program focused on driving awareness and behavior aligned with protecting the Company s information and digital assets. Shareholder Outreach and Engagement The Company maintains an active shareholder engagement program to ensure regular communication with shareholders regarding areas of interest or concern. Each year, we conduct outreach to shareholders owning a significant percentage of our outstanding shares of common stock, in addition to presentations at industry and financial conferences and meetings with analysts and investment firms. In 2025, these efforts enabled us to meet with shareholders representing approximately 35% of our outstanding common stock. The Company s engagement efforts include investor meetings specifically focused on its sustainability initiatives, including environmental stewardship, social impact, and governance practices, including executive compensation, risk management and oversight. Shareholder feedback and suggestions that we receive are reported to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Human Resources Committee, the Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee, or the entire Board, as applicable, for consideration. Our recent sustainability-focused engagement efforts have influenced: the addition of oversight responsibilities for environmental sustainability for the Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee and human capital management for the Human Resources Committee, as discussed in more detail under The Board s Role and Responsibilities Oversight of Risks Associated with Sustainability Matters above; our sustainability reporting, including the information presented in our Resiliency and Reliability Report, our sustainability investor presentation, and our TCFD, SASB and GRI disclosure mapping; development of Company environmental, biodiversity and water policies, a human rights policy statement, and a supplier code of conduct; the development of the Company s generation resource strategy as reflected in Ameren Missouri s Integrated Resource Plan; and the creation of the Ameren Missouri Community Voices Advisory Boards for both metro St. Louis and Mid-Missouri and the Ameren Illinois Community Voices Advisory Board. 32 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board Structure Board Leadership Structure The Company s By-Laws and Corporate Governance Guidelines delegate to the Board of Directors the right to exercise its discretion to either separate or combine the offices of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The Board annually considers the appropriate leadership structure for the Company and has concluded that the Company and its shareholders are best served at this time by the Board retaining discretion to determine whether the same individual should serve as both Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. This decision is based upon the Board s determination of what is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, in light of then-current and anticipated future circumstances and taking into consideration succession planning, skills and experience of the individual(s) filling those positions, and other relevant factors. The Board has determined that having Mr. Lyons serve as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer provides the optimal leadership structure at this time, given the transformational changes taking place in the industry. Prior to Mr. Lyons assuming the role of Chairman in November 2023, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board engaged in thorough deliberation and evaluation of the Company s Board leadership structure. The independent members of the Board have determined that the Board leadership structure that is most appropriate at this time, given the specific characteristics and circumstances of the Company and the skills and experience of Mr. Lyons, is a leadership structure that combines the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, for the following primary reasons: combining the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer while maintaining strong, independent board leadership best enables the Board to carry out its oversight of the Company s strategy, business operations and risk management by enabling Mr. Lyons to provide the benefit of his extensive experience in the energy industry to both the Company and the Board, and his thorough understanding of the opportunities and challenges facing the industry is valuable at both the Board and management levels; a Board leadership structure with combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles has previously served the Company and its shareholders well, and the Board expects that the structure will continue to serve them well, based primarily on Mr. Lyons background, skills and experience, as detailed in his biography above; pursuant to the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, when the Chairman of the Board is an employee of the Company, the Company has a designated independent Lead Director (as defined and discussed below), selected by the Company s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and ratified by vote of the independent directors, with clearly delineated and comprehensive duties and responsibilities as set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provides the Company with a strong and appropriate counterbalancing governance and leadership structure that is designed so that independent directors exercise oversight of the Company s management and key issues, including strategy and risk; only independent directors chair and serve on all standing Board committees, including the Audit and Risk Committee, the Human Resources Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; independent directors hold executive sessions of the Board at every regularly scheduled Board meeting, which are led by the Lead Director, outside the presence of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or any other Company employee, and meet in private session with the Chief Executive Officer at every regularly scheduled Board meeting; the Company has established a Policy Regarding Communications to the Board of Directors for all shareholders and other interested parties; and a non-independent Chairman of the Board continues to be the principal board leadership structure among S P 500 companies in the United States, including the Company s peer companies. The Board recognizes that, depending on the specific characteristics and circumstances of the Company, other leadership structures might also be appropriate. The Board is committed to reviewing this determination on an annual basis, applying the perspectives of its diverse and engaged members to achieve a leadership structure that it believes is in the best interests of the Company and its stakeholders. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Lead Independent Director According to the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, when the Chairman of the Board is the Chief Executive Officer or an employee of the Company, as is presently the case, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors will select an independent director to preside at or lead the executive sessions (which selection will be ratified by vote of the independent directors of the Board of Directors) (the Lead Director ). The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Lead Director is elected annually to serve a one-year term. The Corporate Governance Guidelines also set forth the Lead Director s authority, duties and responsibilities, as follows: convene and chair all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors; solicit the non-management directors for advice on agenda items for meetings of the Board; serve as a liaison between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer and the independent directors; collaborate with the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer in developing the agenda for meetings of the Board and approve such agendas; consult with the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer on and approve information that is sent to the Board; collaborate with the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairs of the standing Board committees in developing and managing the schedule of meetings of the Board and approve such schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; and if requested by major shareholders, ensure that he or she is available for consultation and direct communication. In performing the duties described above, the Lead Director is expected to consult with the Chairs of the appropriate Board committees and solicit their participation. The Lead Director also performs such other duties as may be assigned to the Lead Director by the Company s By-Laws or the Board of Directors. Director Independence Pursuant to NYSE listing standards, the Company s Board of Directors has adopted a formal set of categorical independence standards with respect to the determination of director independence. These standards are set forth in the Company s Director Nomination Policy. The provisions of the Director Nomination Policy regarding director independence meet and in some areas exceed the NYSE listing standards. In accordance with the Director Nomination Policy, in order to be considered independent a director must be determined to have no material relationship with the Company other than as a director. The Director Nomination Policy specifies the criteria by which the independence of our directors will be determined. Under the Director Nomination Policy, an independent director is one who: has no material relationship with the Company, either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company; is not an employee of the Company and no member of his or her immediate family is an executive officer of the Company; has not been employed by the Company and no member of his or her immediate family has been an executive officer of the Company during the past three years; has not received and no member of his or her immediate family has received more than $120,000 per year in direct compensation from the Company in any capacity other than as a director or as a pension for prior service during the past three years; is not currently a partner or employee of a firm that is the Company s internal or external auditor; does not have an immediate family member who is a current partner of the Company s internal or external auditor; does not have an immediate family member who is a current employee of the Company s internal or external auditor and who personally works on the Company s audit; and within the last 34 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance three years was not, and no member of his or her immediate family was, a partner or employee of the Company s internal or external auditor and personally worked on the Company s audit within that time; is not and no member of his or her immediate family is currently, and for the past three years has not been, part of an interlocking directorate in which an executive officer of the Company serves on the compensation committee of another company that employs the director or an immediate family member of the director; is not an executive officer or an employee, and no member of his or her immediate family is an executive officer, of another company that makes payments to, or receives payments from, the Company for property or services in an amount which, in any single year, exceeds the greater of $1 million or two percent of such other company s consolidated revenues during any of the past three years; is free of any relationships with the Company that may impair or appear to impair his or her ability to make independent judgments; and is not and no member of his or her immediate family is employed as an executive officer of a charitable organization that receives contributions from the Company or a Company charitable trust, in an amount which exceeds the greater of $1 million or two percent of such charitable organization s total annual receipts. For purposes of determining a material relationship, the following standards are utilized: any payments by the Company to a director s primary business affiliation or the primary business affiliation of an immediate family member of a director for goods or services, or other contractual arrangements, must be made in the ordinary course of business and on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated persons; and the aggregate amount of such payments must not exceed two percent of the Company s consolidated gross revenues; provided, however, there may be excluded from this two percent standard payments arising from (a) competitive bids which determined the rates or charges for the services and (b) transactions involving services at rates or charges fixed by law or governmental authority. For purposes of these independence standards, (i) immediate family members of a director include the director s spouse, parents, stepparents, children, stepchildren, siblings, mother- and father-in-law, sons- and daughters-in-law, and brothers- and sisters-in-law and anyone (other than domestic employees) who shares the director s home and (ii) the term primary business affiliation means an entity of which the director or the director s immediate family member is a principal/executive officer or in which the director or the director s immediate family member holds at least a five percent equity interest. In accordance with the Director Nomination Policy, the Board undertook its annual review of director and director nominee independence. During this review, the Board considered transactions and relationships between each director and director nominee or any member of his or her immediate family and the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Board also considered whether there were any transactions or relationships between directors, nominees or any member of their immediate family (or any entity of which a director, director nominee or an immediate family member is an executive officer, general partner or significant equity holder). As provided in the Director Nomination Policy, the purpose of this review was to determine whether any such relationships or transactions existed that were inconsistent with a determination that the director or nominee is independent. In evaluating the independence of directors, the Board considered all transactions between the Company and entities with which the directors and nominees are associated. Directors Brinkley, Engstrom, Harshman and Vondran are affiliated with companies that (i) purchased services from and/or sold services to the Company or its subsidiaries, which services were either rate-regulated or competitively bid, and (ii) purchased services from and/or sold services to the Company or its subsidiaries, which services were not rate-regulated or competitively bid but which were entered into in the ordinary course of business and on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated persons. In each case, the Board determined that the transactions were significantly below applicable thresholds under the director independence standards and under the Company s own standard for determining material relationships and did not affect the directors independence. The Board also reviewed all contributions made by the Company and its subsidiaries to charitable organizations with which the directors or their immediate family members serve as an executive officer. The Board determined that the contributions were consistent 2026 Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance with similar contributions, were approved in accordance with the Company s normal procedures and were under the thresholds of the director independence requirements. All of the referenced transactions discussed above were ordinary course commercial transactions made on an arm s-length basis and on terms comparable to those generally available to unaffiliated third parties under the same or similar circumstances. The Board considered each of these transactions and relationships and determined that none of them was material or affected the independence of directors involved under either the general independence standards contained in the NYSE s listing standards or the categorical standards contained in our Director Nomination Policy. As a result of this review, the Board, at its meeting in February 2026, affirmatively determined that the following directors are independent under the NYSE listing standards and the standards set forth in the Director Nomination Policy: Cynthia J. Brinkley, Ward H. Dickson, Jamie L. Engstrom, Ellen M. Fitzsimmons, Rafael Flores, Richard J. Harshman, Craig S. Ivey, Steven H. Lipstein, Leo S. Mackay, Jr., Timothy S. Rausch, and Steven O. Vondran; and that Martin J. Lyons, Jr., as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, is not independent under the NYSE listing standards and the Director Nomination Policy. The Board also determined that Catherine S. Brune, who is currently a director of the Company but who is not standing for reelection at the Annual Meeting, is independent under such standards. As required under the terms of their respective charters, all members of the Audit and Risk Committee, the Human Resources Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors are independent under the standards set forth in the Director Nomination Policy. In addition, all members of the Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee, the Finance Committee, and the Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee are independent under the standards set forth in the Director Nomination Policy. Executive Sessions of Independent Directors The independent directors meet privately in executive sessions to consider such matters as they deem appropriate, without management being present, as a routinely scheduled agenda item for every Board meeting. During 2025, all directors other than Mr. Lyons were independent (see Board Structure Director Independence above). Ellen M. Fitzsimmons, as the current Lead Director, presides at the executive sessions. In addition to presiding at the executive sessions, the Lead Director s duties also include those detailed under Board Structure Lead Independent Director above. Board Committees The Board of Directors has a standing Audit and Risk Committee, Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee, Finance Committee, Human Resources Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee, the chairs and members of which are recommended by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, appointed annually by the Board and are identified below. Each committee is comprised entirely of non-management directors, each of whom the Board of Directors has determined to be independent as defined by the relevant provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the NYSE listing standards and the Director Nomination Policy. A more complete description of the duties of each standing Board committee is contained in each standing Board committee s charter available at www.amereninvestors.com/corporate-governance. 36 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Audit and Risk Committee Meetings in 2025: 9 Chair Richard J. Harshman Other Members* Ward H. Dickson Jamie L. Engstrom Rafael Flores Leo S. Mackay, Jr. Each of Richard J. Harshman, Ward H. Dickson and Leo S. Mackay, Jr. has been determined by the Board to qualify as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by the SEC. The Board has also determined that each committee member is financially literate within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. Appoints and oversees the independent registered public accounting firm; pre-approves all audit, audit-related services and non-audit engagements with the independent registered public accounting firm. Ensures that the lead and concurring audit partners of the independent registered public accounting firm are rotated at least every five years, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; periodically considers a potential rotation of the independent registered public accounting firm. Evaluates the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm, including a review and evaluation of the lead partner of the independent registered public accounting firm, taking into account the opinions of management and the Company s internal auditors, and presents its conclusions to the full Board on an annual basis. Approves the annual internal audit plan, annual staffing plan and financial budget of the internal auditors; reviews with management the design and effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. Reviews with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the scope and results of audits and financial statements, disclosures and earnings press releases. Reviews with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the Company s critical accounting policies, current accounting trends and developments that may affect the financial statements, significant changes in the selection or application of accounting principles, the effect of regulatory and accounting initiatives on the Company s consolidated financial statements, and critical audit matters addressed during the audit. Reviews the appointment, replacement, reassignment or dismissal of the leader of internal audit or approves the retention of, and engagement terms for, any third-party provider of internal audit services; reviews the internal audit function. Reviews with management the enterprise risk management processes, which include the identification, assessment, mitigation and monitoring of risks, including strategic, operational and cybersecurity risks, on a Company-wide basis. Coordinates its oversight of enterprise risk management with other Board committees having primary oversight responsibilities for specific risks. Oversees an annual audit of the Company s political contributions; performs other actions as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the NYSE listing standards and its Charter. Reviews investigatory, legal and regulatory matters that may have a material effect on financial statements. Establishes a system by which employees may communicate directly with members of the Committee about accounting, internal controls and financial reporting deficiency. Oversees the Company s enterprise ethics and compliance program, including the Code of Ethics applicable to all of the Company s directors, officers and employees, and the Company s Supplemental Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers (see Board Practices, Policies and Processes Corporate Governance Guidelines and Policies, Committee Charters and Codes of Conduct below); the identification and adherence to compliance obligations; and Company governance processes and policies. Performs other actions as required by the NYSE listing standards and its Charter, including the retention of independent legal counsel and other advisors. * If reelected at the Annual Meeting, Mr. Mackay will no longer serve on the Audit and Risk Committee. 2026 Proxy Statement 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee Meetings in 2025: 5 Chair* Catherine S. Brune Other Members Ward H. Dickson Jamie L. Engstrom Craig S. Ivey Reviews the Company s and its subsidiaries strategy and operations relating to cybersecurity and digital technology matters, including significant cybersecurity and digital technology-related projects and initiatives and related progress, the integration and alignment of such strategy with the Company s overall business and strategy, and trends that may affect such strategy or operations. Reviews the capabilities and effectiveness of the Company s and its subsidiaries cybersecurity and digital technology risk management, including the programs, policies, practices, controls and safeguards for digital technology, information security, prevention and detection of cybersecurity incidents or information or data breaches, and crisis preparedness, incident response plans, and disaster recovery and business continuity capabilities. Reviews the Company s third-party cybersecurity and digital technology strategy, including information on critical risks and metrics relating thereto. Reviews key legislative and regulatory developments that could materially impact the Company s cybersecurity and digital technology strategy, operations or risk exposure; engagement with government agencies, industry peers, and other critical infrastructure sectors on cybersecurity and related resiliency; industry trends, benchmarking and best practices relating to cybersecurity and digital technology; and any relevant cybersecurity and digital technology metrics. Performs other actions as required by its Charter, including the retention of legal, accounting or other advisors. * Effective as of the Annual Meeting, in accordance with the Board s retirement age policy, Ms. Brune is not standing for reelection and will retire from the Board and will no longer serve as the Chair of the Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee. If reelected at the Annual Meeting, Mr. Ivey will serve as the Chair of the Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee. Finance Committee Meetings in 2025: 6 Chair Ward H. Dickson Other Members* Catherine S. Brune Craig S. Ivey Timothy S. Rausch Steven O. Vondran Oversees overall financial policies and objectives of the Company and its subsidiaries, including capital project review and approval of financing plans and transactions, investment policies and rating agency objectives. Reviews and makes recommendations regarding the Company s dividend policy. Reviews and recommends to the Board the capital budget of the Company and its subsidiaries; reviews, approves and monitors all capital projects with estimated capital expenditures of between $50 million and $100 million; recommends to the Board and monitors all capital projects with estimated capital costs in excess of $100 million. Reviews and recommends to the Board the Company s and its subsidiaries debt and equity financing plans. Oversees the Company s commodity risk assessment process, system of controls and compliance with established risk management policies and procedures. Performs other actions as required by its Charter, including the retention of legal, accounting or other advisors. * Effective as of the Annual Meeting, in accordance with the Board s retirement age policy, Ms. Brune is not standing for reelection and will retire from the Board and will no longer serve as a member of the Finance Committee. Subject to their reelection at the Annual Meeting, Mr. Mackay will become a member of the Finance Committee and Mr. Ivey will no longer serve on the Finance Committee. 38 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Human Resources Committee Meetings in 2025: 5 Chair Cynthia J. Brinkley Other Members Ellen M. Fitzsimmons Richard J. Harshman Steven H. Lipstein Reviews and approves objectives relevant to the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Presidents of its subsidiaries as well as other executive officers. Administers and approves awards under the incentive compensation plan. Administers and approves executive employment agreements, severance agreements and change of control agreements, if any. Administers the Company s clawback policy and oversees clawback authority in annual and long-term incentives. Reviews with management, and prepares an annual report regarding, the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of the Company s proxy statement. Recommends to the Board amendments to those pension plans sponsored by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except as otherwise delegated. Reviews with management the Company s human capital management practices. Performs other actions as required by the NYSE listing standards and its Charter, including the retention of outside compensation consultants and other outside advisors. Reviews the Company s compensation policies and practices to determine whether they encourage excessive risk taking. Assists the Board of Directors in overseeing the development of executive succession plans. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Meetings in 2025: 5 Chair Steven H. Lipstein Other Members* Cynthia J. Brinkley Catherine S. Brune Ellen M. Fitzsimmons Adopts policies and procedures for identifying and evaluating director nominees; identifies and evaluates individuals qualified to become Board members and director candidates, including individuals recommended by shareholders. Oversees the annual self-assessments of the Board and its committees. Reviews the Board s policy for director compensation and benefits. Establishes a process by which shareholders and other interested persons will be able to communicate with members of the Board. Develops and recommends to the Board corporate governance guidelines; oversees the Company s Related Person Transactions Policy (see Board Practices, Policies and Processes Related Person Transactions Policy below). Assures that the Company addresses relevant public affairs issues from a perspective that emphasizes the interests of its key constituents (including, as appropriate, shareholders, employees, communities and customers); reviews and recommends to the Board shareholder proposals for inclusion in proxy materials. Reviews semi-annually with management the performance for the immediately preceding six months regarding constituent relationships (including, as appropriate, relationships with shareholders, employees, communities and customers). Performs other actions as required by the NYSE listing standards and its Charter, including the retention of independent legal counsel and other advisors. * Effective as of the Annual Meeting, in accordance with the Board s retirement age policy, Ms. Brune is not standing for reelection and will retire from the Board and will no longer serve as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. If reelected at the Annual Meeting, Mr. Ivey will become a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 2026 Proxy Statement 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee Meetings in 2025: 6 Chair Rafael Flores Other Members Craig S. Ivey Leo S. Mackay, Jr. Timothy S. Rausch Steven O. Vondran Oversees and reviews the Company s nuclear and other electric generation and electric and gas transmission and distribution operations, including safety (including emergency preparedness and response), environmental matters, plant physical and cyber security, performance and compliance issues and risk management policies and practices related to such operations. Reviews the impact of any significant changes in, and oversees compliance with, laws, regulations and standards specifically related to the Company s facilities and operations. Reviews significant inquires from and the results of major inspections and evaluations by regulatory agencies and oversight groups and management s response thereto. Reviews the Company s policies, practices, programs and performance related to environmental sustainability, as well as significant communications and reporting to stakeholders regarding environmental sustainability matters. Reviews and reports to the Board on the effectiveness of management in operating and managing, and the principal risks (including regulatory, reputational, business continuity, and environmental sustainability risks, including those related to climate change and water resource management) related to the Company s operating facilities, including the Company s nuclear energy center. Reviews and provides input to the Human Resources Committee on appropriate safety, environmental sustainability and operational goals to be included in the Company s executive compensation programs and plans. Performs other actions as required by its Charter, including the retention of legal, accounting or other advisors. 40 Ameren Corporation TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Board Practices, Policies and Processes Commitment to Good Governance Practices The Company has a history of strong corporate governance practices and is continuously focused on ensuring that its corporate governance practices protect and enhance long-term shareholder value. The Company s commitment to good corporate governance is demonstrated thr