=== AEE_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Outlook in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II, Item 7, and Note 2 Rate and Regulatory Matters, Note 9 Callaway Energy Center, and Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies under Part II, Item 8, of this report. 18 Table of Contents OPERATING STATISTICS The following tables present key electric and natural gas operating statistics for Ameren for the past three years: Electric Operating Statistics Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Electric Sales kilowatthours (in millions): Ameren Missouri: Residential 13,675 13,041 12,839 Commercial 13,972 13,620 13,466 Industrial 4,087 4,096 3,977 Street lighting and public authority 62 65 71 Ameren Missouri retail load subtotal 31,796 30,822 30,353 Off-system sales 3,466 4,011 4,145 Ameren Missouri total 35,262 34,833 34,498 Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution (a) : Residential 11,516 10,945 10,774 Commercial 11,755 11,631 11,602 Industrial 10,485 10,949 10,740 Street lighting and public authority 398 386 385 Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution total 34,154 33,911 33,501 Eliminate affiliate sales (30) Ameren total 69,416 68,744 67,969 Electric Operating Revenues (in millions): Ameren Missouri: Residential $ 1,839 $ 1,638 $ 1,577 Commercial 1,450 1,313 1,280 Industrial 342 311 306 Other, including street lighting and public authority 88 100 124 Ameren Missouri retail load subtotal $ 3,719 $ 3,362 $ 3,287 Off-system sales and capacity 912 485 407 Ameren Missouri total $ 4,631 $ 3,847 $ 3,694 Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution: Residential $ 1,483 $ 1,254 $ 1,344 Commercial 785 680 747 Industrial 199 178 186 Other, including street lighting and public authority (68) (23) (59) Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution total $ 2,399 $ 2,089 $ 2,218 Ameren Transmission: Ameren Illinois Transmission (b) $ 637 $ 564 $ 480 ATXI 226 218 198 Eliminate affiliate revenues (1) (1) (1) Ameren Transmission total $ 862 $ 781 $ 677 Other and intersegment eliminations (224) (177) (150) Ameren total $ 7,668 $ 6,540 $ 6,439 (a) Sales for which power was supplied by Ameren Illinois as well as alternative retail electric suppliers. In 2025, 2024, and 2023, Ameren Illinois procured power on behalf of its customers for 28%, 25%, and 28%, respectively, of its total kilowatthour sales. (b) Includes $160 million, $119 million, and $113 million in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, of electric operating revenues from transmission services provided to Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. 19 Table of Contents Electric Operating Statistics Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Ameren Missouri fuel costs (cents per kilowatthour generated) (a) 1.34 1.27 1.29 Source of Ameren Missouri energy supply: Coal 56.5 % 50.5 % 54.6 % Nuclear 19.4 29.1 25.6 Hydroelectric 3.5 3.5 2.4 Wind 3.6 4.4 4.9 Natural gas 1.8 1.0 1.1 Methane gas and solar 3.0 0.2 0.2 Purchased power wind 0.4 0.6 Purchased power other 12.2 10.9 10.6 Ameren Missouri total 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % (a) Ameren Missouri fuel costs exclude $(96) million, $34 million, and $72 million in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, for changes in FAC recoveries. Natural Gas Operating Statistics Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Natural Gas Sales dekatherms (in millions): Ameren Missouri: Residential 7 6 6 Commercial 4 3 3 Industrial 1 1 1 Transport 9 8 9 Ameren Missouri total 21 18 19 Ameren Illinois Natural Gas: Residential 52 47 47 Commercial 16 14 14 Industrial 3 3 3 Transport 100 99 99 Ameren Illinois Natural Gas total 171 163 163 Ameren total 192 181 182 Natural Gas Operating Revenues (in millions): Ameren Missouri: Residential $ 101 $ 90 $ 100 Commercial 44 37 46 Industrial 5 4 5 Transport and other 14 15 14 Ameren Missouri total $ 164 $ 146 $ 165 Ameren Illinois Natural Gas: Residential $ 680 $ 661 $ 657 Commercial 185 166 164 Industrial 12 10 14 Transport and other 91 101 62 Ameren Illinois Natural Gas total $ 968 $ 938 $ 897 Other and intercompany eliminations (1) (1) (1) Ameren total $ 1,131 $ 1,083 $ 1,061 Rate Base Statistics At December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Rate Base (in billions): Electric transmission and distribution $ 20.3 $ 18.5 $ 17.5 Natural gas transmission and distribution 3.5 3.3 3.2 Coal generation: Labadie Energy Center 1.1 1.0 0.9 Sioux Energy Center 0.5 0.6 0.6 Rush Island Energy Center (retired in October 2024) 0.4 Coal generation total 1.6 1.6 1.9 Nuclear generation 1.6 1.5 1.5 Renewable generation (hydroelectric, wind, solar, methane gas) 2.4 2.4 1.4 Natural gas generation 0.4 0.4 0.3 Rate base total $ 29.8 $ 27.7 $ 25.8 20 Table of Contents AVAILABLE INFORMATION The Ameren Companies make available free of charge through Ameren s website (www.amereninvestors.com) their annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably possible after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. These documents are also available through the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). Ameren s website is a channel of distribution for material information about the Ameren Companies. Financial and other material information is routinely posted to, and accessible at, Ameren s website. The Ameren Companies also make available free of charge through Ameren s website the charters of Ameren s board of directors Audit and Risk Committee, Cybersecurity and Digital Technology Committee, Finance Committee, Human Resources Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Nuclear, Operations and Environmental Sustainability Committee; the corporate governance guidelines; a policy regarding communications to the board of directors; a policy and procedures document with respect to related-person transactions; a code of ethics applicable to all directors, officers and employees; a supplemental code of ethics for principal executive and senior financial officers; and a director nomination policy that applies to the Ameren Companies. In addition, we provide information regarding our sustainability initiatives through our website, including our annual sustainability and impact report and a sustainability investor presentation. The information or other documents on Ameren s website, or any other website referenced in this report, is not incorporated by reference into this report. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investors should review carefully the following material risk factors and the other information contained in this report. The risks that the Ameren Companies face are not limited to those in this section. There may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may adversely affect the results of operations, financial position, and liquidity of the Ameren Companies. REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE RISKS We are subject to extensive regulation of our businesses. We are subject to federal, state, and local regulation. The extensive regulatory frameworks, some of which are more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulate, among other matters, the electric and natural gas utility industries; the rate and cost structure of utilities, including an allowed ROE; the operation of nuclear power plants; the construction and operation of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities; the acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of assets and facilities; the electric transmission system reliability; and wholesale and retail competition. In the planning and management of our operations, we must address the effects of existing and proposed laws and regulations and potential changes in our regulatory frameworks, including new interpretations of existing regulations, as well as executive orders, initiatives by federal and state legislatures, RTOs, utility regulators, and taxing authorities, and actions by local jurisdictions that may affect the constructing or siting of facilities. Significant changes in the nature of the regulation of our businesses, including expiration or discontinuation of, or significant changes to, existing regulatory mechanisms, and the presidential administration s approach to environmental and energy policy and resultant changes in regulatory enforcement priorities, and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements, could require changes to our business planning, strategy and management of our businesses and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Failure to obtain adequate rates or regulatory approvals in a timely manner; failure to obtain necessary licenses or permits from regulatory authorities; the impact of new or modified laws, regulations, standards, interpretations, or other legal requirements; or increased compliance costs could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. The electric and natural gas rates that we are allowed to charge are determined through regulatory proceedings, which are subject to intervention and appeal. Rates are also subject to legislative actions, which are largely outside of our control. Certain events could prevent us from recovering our costs in a timely manner or at all, or from earning adequate returns on our investments. The rates that we are allowed to charge for our utility services significantly influence our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. The electric and natural gas utility industry is highly regulated. The utility rates charged to customers are determined by governmental entities, including the MoPSC, the ICC, and the FERC. Decisions by these entities are influenced by many factors, including the cost of providing service, the prudency of expenditures, the quality of service, regulatory staff knowledge and experience, customer intervention, and economic conditions, as well as social and political views. Decisions made by these governmental entities regarding customer rates are largely outside of our control. We are exposed to regulatory lag, including the impact of inflationary pressures, and cost disallowances to varying degrees by jurisdiction, which, if unmitigated, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Rate orders are also subject to appeal, which creates additional uncertainty as to the rates that we will ultimately be allowed to 21 Table of Contents charge for our services. From time to time, our regulators may approve riders or other recovery mechanisms that allow electric or natural gas rates to be adjusted without a traditional regulatory rate review. These mechanisms could be changed or terminated. Ameren Missouri s electric and natural gas utility rates and Ameren Illinois natural gas utility rates are typically established in regulatory proceedings that take up to 11 months to complete. Ameren Missouri s electric and natural gas utility rates established in those proceedings are based on historical costs, revenues, and sales volumes. Pursuant to the PPRA, Ameren Missouri s natural gas utility rates established in proceedings filed after June 2026 will be allowed to be based on future costs, revenues, and sales volumes, subject to MoPSC approval. Ameren Illinois natural gas rates established in those proceedings are based on estimated future costs, revenues, and sales volumes. Effective for rates in 2024 through at least 2027, Ameren Illinois electric distribution rates have been established through an MYRP as discussed in the following risk factor. An MYRP includes a revenue requirement reconciliation, which may not allow for full recovery of actual costs due to a reconciliation cap. Thus, the rates that we are allowed to charge for utility services may not match our actual costs at any given time. Rates include an allowed return on investments established by the regulator, including a return at the applicable WACC on rate base, and an amount for income taxes based on the currently applicable statutory income tax rates and amortization associated with excess deferred income taxes. Although rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on rate base, there can be no assurance that the regulator will determine that our costs were prudently incurred or that the regulatory process will result in rates that will produce full recovery of such costs or provide for an opportunity to earn a reasonable return on those investments. Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois, and the utility industry generally, have experienced higher maintenance costs and capital expenditures to operate their electric, natural gas, and transmission businesses, which has led to increases in customer rates and the related revenue requirements needed to recover such costs and earn a return on investments. This could result in more frequent regulatory rate reviews and requests for cost recovery mechanisms. Additionally, increasing rates could result in regulatory or legislative actions, as well as competitive or political pressures, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Beginning in 2024 through at least 2027, electric distribution rates for Ameren Illinois are established through an MYRP, which are subject to ongoing regulatory and judicial proceedings and associated risks, and are subject to a reconciliation cap. Pursuant to the CEJA, Ameren Illinois has the option to establish electric distribution rates through an MYRP or a traditional regulatory rate review. An MYRP establishes rates for a four-year period, and Ameren Illinois has the option to file for an MYRP every four years. Ameren Illinois elected to file an MYRP for rates effective in 2024 through 2027. Under the MYRP, Ameren Illinois is allowed to reconcile its actual electric distribution revenue requirement, as adjusted for certain cost variations, to the ICC-approved revenue requirement on an annual basis, subject to a reconciliation cap. The reconciliation cap limits the annual adjustment to 105% of the annual revenue requirement approved by the ICC. Certain variations from forecasted costs are excluded from the reconciliation cap, including those associated with major storms; new business and facility relocations; changes in the timing of certain expenditures or investments into or out of the applicable calendar year; and changes in interest rates, income taxes, taxes other than income taxes, pension and other post-retirement benefits costs, and amortization of certain assets. The reconciliation cap also excludes costs recovered outside of base rates through riders. The actual revenue requirement for a particular year incorporates Ameren Illinois year-end rate base and actual capital structure for such year, provided that the resulting revenue requirement does not exceed the 105% reconciliation cap and the common equity ratio in such capital structure may not exceed that approved by the ICC in the MYRP. Ameren Illinois existing riders continue to be effective under the MYRP. In addition, the ICC determines the ROE applicable to each year of the four-year period. Economic conditions could result in the annual predetermined ROE becoming inadequate over the four-year period. Ameren Illinois has filed an appeal of the ICC-determined ROE for 2024 through 2027 to the Illinois Appellate Court for the Fifth Judicial District. For additional information on the appeal see Note 2 Rate and Regulatory Matters under Part II, Item 8, of this report. Failure to limit capital expenditures and operation and maintenance expenses to amounts that maintain revenue requirements under the reconciliation cap limit would adversely affect Ameren s and Ameren Illinois results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. As a result of the election to use the PISA, Ameren Missouri s electric service business is subject to a limitation on increasing the annual revenue requirement due to the inclusion of incremental PISA deferrals in the revenue requirement. Pursuant to the PPRA, Ameren Missouri s PISA election was extended through 2035 and an additional extension through 2040 is allowed if requested by Ameren Missouri and approved by the MoPSC. This law also reduced the annual limit on increases to the electric service revenue requirement used to set customer rates, compared to the revenue requirement established in the immediately preceding rate order, due to the inclusion of incremental PISA deferrals in the revenue requirement. The annual limit in effect was 2.5% and changed to 2.25%, prorated monthly, for revenue requirements approved by the MoPSC after August 2025. Increased capital expenditures could cause incremental PISA deferrals to exceed the 2.25% limitation, and such amounts exceeding the 2.25% limitation would be excluded from recovery under future revenue requirements. Failure to limit capital investments to an amount which maintains PISA deferrals under the 2.25% limitation could adversely affect Ameren s and Ameren Missouri s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 22 Table of Contents We are subject to various environmental and permitting laws. Significant capital expenditures may be required to achieve and to maintain compliance with these environmental laws. Failure to comply with these laws could result in the closing of facilities, alterations to the manner in which these facilities operate, increased operating costs, delays and increased costs of building new facilities, and exposure to fines and liabilities. Our electric generation, transmission, and distribution and natural gas distribution and storage operations must comply with a variety of statutes and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety, including permitting programs implemented by federal, state, and local authorities. Such environmental laws regulate air emissions; protect water bodies; regulate the handling and disposal of hazardous substances and waste materials; establish siting and land use requirements; and protect against ecological impacts. Complex and lengthy processes are required to obtain and renew approvals, permits, and licenses for new, existing, or modified energy-related facilities. Additionally, the use and handling of various chemicals and hazardous materials require release prevention plans and emergency response procedures. Further, we are subject to risks from changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws, modifications to existing laws, new laws, new or modified permit terms, and enforcement of environmental laws and permits by federal, state, and local authorities. We are also subject to liability under environmental laws that address the remediation of environmental contamination on property currently or formerly owned by us or by our predecessors, as well as property contaminated by hazardous substances that we generated. Such properties include MGP sites, substations, and third-party sites, such as landfills. Additionally, individuals and non-governmental organizations may seek to enforce environmental laws against us, allege injury from exposure to hazardous materials, allege a failure to comply with environmental laws, seek to compel remediation of environmental contamination, or seek to recover damages resulting from purported contamination. Environmental regulations impact the electric utility industry, and compliance obligations could be costly for Ameren Missouri, which operates coal-fired and natural gas-fired energy centers. As of December 31, 2025, Ameren Missouri s coal-fired energy centers represented 5% and 11% of Ameren s and Ameren Missouri s rate base, respectively. Compliance obligations under the Clean Air Act stem from a variety of programs including the NSPS, the MATS, emission allowance programs, the CSAPR, and the National Ambient Air Quality Standards, which are subject to periodic review for certain pollutants. Collectively, these regulations cover a variety of pollutants, such as SO 2 , particulate matter, NO x , mercury, toxic metals and acid gases, and CO 2 emissions, although the scope of covered pollutants can change. To the extent our operations impact surface water bodies, including wetlands, the Clean Water Act requires permitting as well as evaluation of the ecological and biological impact of those operations. Implementation of requirements under the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act typically occurs through the issuance of permits by state regulators or resource agencies, and capital expenditures associated with compliance could be significant. The management and disposal of coal ash from our coal-fired energy centers must comply with federal regulations known as the CCR Rule issued under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and require the closure of surface impoundments at our coal-fired energy centers along with groundwater monitoring requirements and the implementations of corrective measures if necessary. The combined effects of compliance with existing and future environmental regulations could result in significant capital expenditures, increased operating costs, and the potential for closure or alteration of operations at some of Ameren Missouri s energy centers. Currently as required by the CEJA, Ameren Missouri's natural gas-fired energy centers in Illinois are subject to annual limits on emissions, including CO 2 and NO x . Further reductions to emissions limits will become effective between 2030 and 2040, resulting in the possible closure of the Venice Energy Center by the end of 2029. The reductions could also limit the operations of Ameren Missouri's four other natural gas-fired energy centers located in the state of Illinois and will result in their closure by 2040. These energy centers are utilized to support peak loads. Subject to conditions in the CEJA, these energy centers may be allowed to exceed the emissions limits in order to maintain reliability of electric utility service. Ameren and Ameren Missouri have incurred, and expect to incur, significant costs with respect to environmental compliance and site remediation. New or revised environmental regulations, enforcement initiatives, or legislation could result in a significant increase in capital expenditures and operating costs, decreased revenues, penalties or fines, reduced operations or closure of some of Ameren Missouri s coal-and natural gas-fired energy centers, which, in turn, could lead to increased liquidity and financing needs, and higher financing costs. Actions required to ensure that Ameren Missouri s facilities and operations are in compliance with environmental laws could be prohibitively expensive for Ameren Missouri if the costs are not fully recovered through rates. Environmental laws could require Ameren Missouri to close or to alter significantly the operations of its energy centers. If Ameren Missouri requests recovery of capital expenditures and costs for environmental compliance through rates, the MoPSC could deny recovery of all or a portion of these costs, prevent timely recovery, or make changes to the regulatory framework in an effort to minimize rate volatility and customer rate increases. Capital expenditures and costs to comply with future legislation or regulations could result in Ameren Missouri closing coal-fired energy centers earlier than planned. If these costs are not recoverable through base rates or other regulatory mechanisms, it could lead to an impairment of assets and reduced revenues. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial positions, and liquidity. 23 Table of Contents We are subject to business and financial risks related to the impact of climate-related legislation, regulation, and emission reduction initiatives. There is concern and activism among various external stakeholders, both nationally and internationally, about climate-related risks, including public concerns about the potential environmental impacts from the combustion of fossil fuels, as well as pressure from public interest groups regarding limiting the use of natural gas. Also, state and local authorities have proposed restrictions on the use of natural gas, and the ICC is conducting a future of gas proceeding to explore issues involved with decarbonization of the natural gas distribution system in the state of Illinois. Further, federal, state, and local authorities have considered initiatives to further restrict greenhouse gases to address global climate-related risks. Additionally, international agreements have in the past, and could again, lead to future federal or state legislation or regulations. In 2015, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change reached consensus among approximately 190 nations on an agreement, known as the Paris Agreement, that establishes a framework for greenhouse gas mitigation actions by all countries, with a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels and an aspiration to limit the increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius. The United States withdrew from the Paris Agreement and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in January 2025 and 2026, respectively. The EPA has revised, and has proposed revisions to, compliance requirements under a number of federal environmental regulatory programs related to greenhouse gases; however, differences in energy policy priorities adopted by future presidential administrations could result in additional greenhouse gas reduction requirements in the United States. As a result of our diverse fuel portfolio, our emissions of greenhouse gases vary among our energy centers, but coal-fired power plants are significant sources of CO 2 emissions. Future federal and state legislation or regulations that mandate limits on the emission of, or impose taxation on, greenhouse gases could result in a significant increase in capital expenditures and operating costs, decreased revenues, penalties or fines, or reduced operations of some of Ameren Missouri s coal- and natural gas-fired energy centers, which, in turn, could lead to increased liquidity and financing needs, and higher financing costs. Moreover, to the extent Ameren Missouri requests recovery of these costs through rates, its regulators might deny some or all of, or defer timely recovery of, these costs. Excessive costs to comply with future legislation or regulations related to climate-related risks might force Ameren Missouri to close its remaining coal-fired energy centers earlier than planned, which could lead to possible loss on abandonment and reduced revenues. As a result, mandatory limits could have a material adverse impact on Ameren s and Ameren Missouri s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Ameren is targeting net-zero carbon emissions by 2045, as well as a 60% reduction by 2030 and an 85% reduction by 2040 based on 2005 levels in a safe, reliable, and affordable manner. Ameren s goals include both reduction of direct emissions from operations (scope 1), as well as electricity usage at Ameren buildings (scope 2), including other greenhouse gas emissions of methane, nitrous oxide, and sulfur hexafluoride. Achievement of these targets is dependent on many factors, including the pace and extent of development and deployment of low- to zero-carbon energy technologies and carbon capture technologies, the cost of those technologies, and support of such technologies by regulators; natural gas and energy prices; operational performance of low- to zero-carbon resources; new transmission infrastructure; the ability to maintain system reliability; customer demand for energy including carbon-free energy; and constructive energy and economic policies, including those that address investment in energy infrastructure, global climate-related risks, incentives for clean energy technologies, and environmental regulations. Additional factors associated with operational risks for the construction and acquisition of electric and natural gas infrastructure may also affect the achievement of these goals, as further discussed below. The strategy to achieve these goals also relies on continuing to pursue a diverse portfolio, including low-carbon and carbon-free resources and energy-efficiency resources, while still meeting load growth opportunities; continuing to participate in efforts to help advance the development of technologies such as carbon capture and sequestration; the use of hydrogen fuel for electric production and energy storage, next generation nuclear, and large-scale long-cycle battery storage; and constructively engaging with legislators, regulators, investors, customers, and other stakeholders to support outcomes leading to a net-zero future. We are subject to regulatory compliance and proceedings, which could result in increasing costs, regulatory penalties, and/or other sanctions. We are subject to FERC regulations, rules, and orders, including standards issued by the NERC. As owners and operators of bulk power transmission systems and electric energy centers, we are subject to mandatory NERC reliability standards, including cybersecurity standards. In addition, our natural gas transmission, distribution, and storage facilities systems are subject to PHMSA rules and regulations. Compliance with these reliability standards, rules, and regulations may subject us to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. We may also incur higher operating costs to comply with potential new executive orders, regulations, or interpretations of existing regulations issued by these regulatory bodies. If we were found not to be in compliance with these mandatory NERC reliability standards, PHMSA rules and regulations, or FERC regulations, rules, and orders, we could incur substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. The FERC can impose civil penalties of approximately $1.6 million per violation per day for violation of its regulations, rules, and orders, including mandatory NERC reliability standards. The FERC also conducts audits and reviews of Ameren Missouri s, Ameren Illinois , and ATXI s accounting records to assess the accuracy of their respective formula ratemaking process, and it can require refunds to be issued to customers for previously billed amounts, with interest. 24 Table of Contents Additionally, pursuant to the CEJA, Illinois utilities are subject to requirements and provisions related to ethical conduct, including submitting an annual ethics and compliance report to the ICC. The law authorizes the ICC to initiate an investigation into how customer funds were used if a violation of the law is determined to have occurred at an Illinois utility, potentially requiring the utility to issue refunds and imposing a penalty of up to $0.5 million per violation. OPERATIONAL RISKS The construction and acquisition of, and capital improvements to, electric and natural gas utility infrastructure, along with Ameren Missouri s ability to implement its Smart Energy Plan and its 2025 Change to the 2023 PRP, involve substantial risks. We expect to make significant capital expenditures to maintain and improve our electric and natural gas utility infrastructure and to comply with existing environmental regulations. We estimate that we will invest up to $33.1 billion (Ameren Missouri up to $22.2 billion; Ameren Illinois up to $8.3 billion; ATXI up to $2.6 billion) of capital expenditures from 2026 through 2030. For additional information on these estimates, see Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Expenditures in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II, Item 7, of this report. Investments in Ameren s rate-regulated operations are expected to be recoverable from customers, but they are subject to prudence reviews and are exposed to regulatory lag of varying degrees by jurisdiction. Our ability to complete construction projects successfully within projected estimates, including schedule, performance, and/or cost, and to implement Ameren Missouri s Smart Energy Plan, which may include acquisition of generation facilities after they are constructed, is contingent upon many factors and subject to substantial risks. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: project management expertise; the ability of suppliers, contractors, and developers to meet contractual commitments and timely complete projects, which is dependent upon the availability of necessary labor, materials, and equipment; escalating costs, including but not limited to changes to tariffs on materials or government actions; changes in the scope and timing of projects; the ability to obtain required regulatory, project, and permit approvals; the ability to obtain necessary rights-of-way, easements, and transmission connection agreements at an acceptable cost in a timely fashion; unsatisfactory performance by the projects when completed; the ability to raise capital on reasonable terms; geopolitical conflict and other events beyond our control, including delays arising from government shutdowns or construction delays due to weather. With respect to the transition of Ameren Missouri s generation fleet included in its 2025 Change to the 2023 PRP and carbon emission reduction targets, factors also include Ameren Missouri s ability to obtain CCNs from the MoPSC, and any other required state or federal approvals for the addition of renewable resources, battery storage, or nuclear or natural gas-fired generation, retirement of energy centers, and new or continued customer energy-efficiency programs; the ability to enter into agreements for renewable, natural gas-fired, or nuclear generation or battery storage and acquire or construct those resources at a reasonable cost; the ability to enter into natural gas supply agreements at reasonable prices and adequate quantities to power Ameren Missouri s natural gas-fired energy centers; the ability to obtain NRC approval for an extension of the operating license for the Callaway Energy Center beyond its current 2044 expiration date; the continued existence and ability to qualify for, and use or transfer, federal production or investment tax credits; the ability to maintain system reliability; new and/or changes in environmental regulations, including those related to CO 2 and other greenhouse gas emissions; energy prices; and demand. Also, changes to capacity accreditation rules adopted by the MISO could reduce the accredited capacity of renewable generation and battery storage and increase regional capacity prices, potentially requiring additional investment and higher costs to satisfy resource adequacy requirements. In addition, the presidential administration has issued executive orders and taken other actions to increase investment in fossil fuel infrastructure. This change in federal domestic energy policy has created uncertainty regarding the role existing renewable generation will play in supporting the United States energy grid and the timing and extent of future renewable generation infrastructure development. Ameren Missouri s plan could be affected by this change in energy policy. Any of these risks could result in higher costs, the inability to complete anticipated projects, or facility closures, and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Our electric generation and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution facilities, including natural gas storage facilities, are subject to operational risks. Our financial performance depends on the successful operation of electric generation and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution facilities, including natural gas storage facilities. Operation of these facilities involves many risks, including: facility shutdowns due to operator error, or a failure of equipment or processes; longer-than-anticipated maintenance outages; failures of equipment that can result in unanticipated liabilities or unplanned outages; aging infrastructure that may require significant expenditures to operate and maintain; natural gas leaks or explosions near populated areas, including residential areas, business centers, industrial sites, and other public gathering places; lack of adequate water required for cooling plant operations and to operate hydroelectric energy centers; 25 Table of Contents labor disputes; disruptions in the delivery of electricity and natural gas to our customers; inability to maintain reliability of our electric utility services as coal-fired energy centers are retired and renewable energy generation is placed in service, as well as our ability to meet generation capacity obligations, which could potentially increase if new data centers and/or other large primary service customers locate within our service territories; disruptions to the global supply chain as a result of shortages for labor, materials, or equipment, tariffs and international trade relations, geopolitical conflict, delivery delays, and economic pressures, among other things; suppliers and contractors who do not perform as required under their contracts, including those obligations that are affected by supply chain disruptions; failure of other operators facilities and the effect of that failure on our electric and natural gas systems and customers; inability to comply with regulatory requirements or obtain permits, including those relating to environmental laws; handling, storage, and disposition of CCR; unusual or adverse weather conditions or other natural disasters, including but not limited to those that may result from climate-related risks, such as severe storms, droughts, wildfires, floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, icing, sustained high or low temperatures, solar flares, and electromagnetic pulses; the level of wind and solar resources; inability to operate wind generation facilities at full capacity resulting from requirements to protect natural resources, including wildlife, or other conditions limiting full capacity; the occurrence of catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, acts of sabotage, which in recent years have increased in frequency and severity within the utility industry, acts of terrorism, civil unrest, pandemic health events, or other similar events; accidents that might result in injury or loss of life, extensive property damage, or environmental damage; ineffective vegetation management programs; cybersecurity risks, including loss of operational control of Ameren Missouri s energy centers and our transmission and distribution systems and loss of data, including sensitive customer, employee, financial, and operating system information, through insider or outsider actions; limitations on amounts of insurance available to cover losses that might arise in connection with operating our electric generation facilities, electric and natural gas transmission and distribution facilities, and natural gas storage facilities; inability to implement or maintain information systems; failure to keep pace with and the ability to adapt to rapid technological change, including generative and agentic artificial intelligence; and other unanticipated operations and maintenance expenses and liabilities. The foregoing risks could affect the operations of our facilities, impede our ability to meet regulatory requirements, or expose us to an increase in litigation, which could increase operating costs, increase our capital requirements and costs, reduce our revenues, or have an adverse effect on our liquidity. Ameren Missouri s ability to obtain an adequate supply of coal could limit operation of its coal-fired energy centers. Ameren Missouri owns and operates coal-fired energy centers. Approximately 96% of Ameren Missouri s coal is purchased from the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, which has a limited number of suppliers. Deliveries from the Powder River Basin have occasionally been restricted because of rail congestion, staffing and equipment issues, infrastructure maintenance, derailments, weather, and supplier financial hardship. As of December 31, 2025, coal inventory was near targeted levels at the Labadie Energy Center and at targeted levels at the Sioux Energy Center. Delays or disruptions in the delivery of coal, failure of our coal suppliers to provide adequate quantities or quality of coal, or lack of adequate inventories of coal, including low-sulfur coal used to comply with environmental regulations, could have adverse effects on Ameren Missouri s electric generation operations. If Ameren Missouri is unable to obtain an adequate supply of coal under existing agreements, it may be required to purchase coal at higher prices or be forced to reduce generation at its coal-fired energy centers, which could adversely affect Ameren s and Ameren Missouri s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Ameren Missouri s ownership and operation of a nuclear energy center creates business, financial, and waste disposal risks. Ameren Missouri s ownership of the Callaway Energy Center subjects it to risks associated with nuclear generation, including: potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from radiological releases associated with the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling, and disposal of radioactive materials; continued uncertainty regarding the federal government s plan to permanently store spent nuclear fuel and, as a result, the need to provide for long-term storage of spent nuclear fuel at the Callaway Energy Center; limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available to cover losses that might arise in connection with the Callaway Energy Center or other United States nuclear facilities; 26 Table of Contents uncertainties about contingencies and retrospective insurance premium assessments relating to claims at the Callaway Energy Center or other United States nuclear facilities; public and governmental concerns about the safety and adequacy of security at nuclear facilities; limited availability of fuel supply and our reliance on licensed fuel assemblies from primarily one NRC-licensed supplier of Callaway Energy Center s assemblies; costly and extended outages for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance and refueling; increased regulatory scrutiny and oversight resulting from more frequent outages; uncertainties about the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear facilities at the end of their licensed lives; the ability to continue to attract and retain qualified labor to operate the Callaway Energy Center; the adverse effect of poor market performance and other economic factors on the asset values of nuclear decommissioning trust funds and the corresponding increase, upon MoPSC approval, in customer rates to fund the estimated decommissioning costs; and potential adverse effects of a natural disaster, acts of sabotage or terrorism, including a cyber attack, or any accident leading to a radiological release. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety requirements for nuclear facilities. In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines or to shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated from time to time by the NRC could necessitate substantial capital expenditures at the Callaway Energy Center. In addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur and result in serious injury, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental impacts, and impairment of our operations, it would adversely affect Ameren s and Ameren Missouri s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation of any domestic nuclear unit and could also cause the NRC to impose additional conditions or requirements on the industry, which could increase costs and result in additional capital expenditures. While the Callaway Energy Center is in compliance with the current NRC standards relating to seismic design and risk, these standards also require Ameren Missouri to address periodic changes to seismic hazard data and evaluation methods for the impact of an earthquake on its Callaway Energy Center due to its proximity to a fault line, which could require seismic risk evaluation updates and installation of additional capital equipment. Significant portions of our electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities and natural gas transmission and distribution facilities are aging. This aging infrastructure may require significant additional maintenance or replacement. Ameren Missouri could be adversely affected if it is unable to recover the remaining investment, if any, and decommissioning costs associated with the retirement of an energy center, as well as the ability to earn a return on that remaining investment and those decommissioning costs. Our aging infrastructure may pose risks to system reliability and expose us to expedited or unplanned significant capital expenditures and operating costs. Both of Ameren Missouri s coal-fired energy centers were constructed prior to 1978, and the Callaway Energy Center began operating in 1984. The age of these energy centers increases the risks of unplanned outages, reduced generation output, and higher maintenance expense. Further, Ameren Missouri would be adversely affected if the MoPSC does not allow recovery of the remaining investment and decommissioning costs associated with the retirement of an energy center, as well as the ability to earn a return on that remaining investment and those decommissioning costs. Aging transmission and distribution facilities are more prone to failure than new facilities, which results in higher maintenance expense and the need to replace these facilities with new infrastructure. Even when the system is properly maintained, its reliability may ultimately deteriorate and negatively affect our ability to serve our customers, which could result in increased costs subject to regulatory recovery risk. The frequency and duration of customer outages are among the CEJA performance standards. Any failure to achieve these standards will result in a reduction in Ameren Illinois allowed ROE on electric distribution assets. The higher maintenance costs associated with aging infrastructure and capital expenditures for new or replacement infrastructure could cause additional rate volatility and increases for our customers, resistance by our regulators to allow customer rate increases, and/or regulatory lag in some of our jurisdictions, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Realized energy demand from current and potential new customers may differ significantly from forecasts. The Ameren Companies have historically experienced minimal growth in energy demand for the past two decades. However, current industry projections reflect the potential for significant growth in energy demand over the next decade, primarily arising from data centers and further augmented by onshoring and electrification of manufacturing and an increase in transportation electrification. In addition, in February 2026, Ameren Missouri executed electric service agreements with large load customers under its large load customer rate plan, representing 2.2 gigawatts of demand. The Ameren Companies may or may not experience the energy demand growth currently being forecasted depending on the decisions of potential new customers about whether to locate their operations within our service territories or whether customers that have signed electric service agreements begin operations within the expected timeframes. Also, demand growth may not be realized at the rate, or in the amount, expected if construction of customer facilities is not completed within expected timeframes, which is dependent on the ability of suppliers, contractors, and developers to meet contractual commitments and timely complete projects. In addition, expected demand growth may not be realized if emerging technologies are not broadly adopted at the rate expected, increased efficiencies in computing or other advances in these technologies reduce energy demand for data centers, or large load customers, such as data centers, 27 Table of Contents are not supported by local communities or do not receive necessary approvals by local municipalities. Although customers subject to the large load customer rate plan in Ameren Missouri s service territory are required to sign agreements for specific term lengths to reasonably ensure rates they are charged reflect a representative share of the costs incurred to serve them, these customers could terminate their agreements early or reduce minimum capacity levels. These agreements include exit fees for early termination and fees for capacity reductions, but these fees may not fully mitigate this risk. Although assets constructed or acquired to serve these customers will also be used to serve other Ameren Missouri customers, early termination or capacity reductions could impact Ameren Missouri s ability to fully recover its investment in, and return on, those assets. Also, the Ameren Companies may not be able to provide the necessary electric service, including both energy and capacity, within the time periods required by large load customers. The Ameren Companies may need to accelerate the addition of generation resources within current plans, obtain new generation resources, expand transmission or distribution facilities that are not currently within their plans, or purchase additional energy and capacity to meet the increase in demand. In addition, demand for construction services within the utility industry has increased significantly due to growing energy demand and energy transition, creating limited availability of suppliers, contractors, and developers, which could impact the Ameren Companies' ability to timely construct or acquire assets needed to meet forecasted demand. If the Ameren Companies are required to purchase energy and capacity to meet demand, their risk management and liquidity levels may not be effective at mitigating price impacts of such purchases, or there may not be sufficient energy and capacity available, either of which could negatively impact the Ameren Companies ability to realize forecasted or other potential demand. The Ameren Companies may not be able to plan, receive regulatory approvals, and execute those plans in a timely manner, which could result in the Ameren Companies not realizing forecasted or other potential demand. Energy conservation, energy efficiency, distributed generation, energy storage, technological advances, and other factors could reduce energy demand from our existing customers. Without a regulatory mechanism to ensure recovery, declines in energy usage could result in an under-recovery of our revenue requirement or an increase in our customer rates, as the revenue requirement would be spread over less sales volumes, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Such declines could occur due to a number of factors, including: customer energy-efficiency programs that are designed to reduce energy demand; energy-efficiency efforts by customers not related to our energy-efficiency programs; technological advancements that reduce energy consumption and demand; increased customer use of distributed generation sources, such as solar panels and other technologies, which have become more cost-competitive, with decreasing costs expected in the future, as well as the use of energy storage technologies; and macroeconomic factors resulting in low economic growth or contraction within our service territories, which could reduce energy demand. Decreased use of our generation, transmission, and distribution services might result in stranded costs, which ultimately might not be recovered through rates, and therefore could lead to an impairment or abandonment of assets. FINANCIAL, ECONOMIC, AND MARKET RISKS Ameren s holding company structure could limit its ability to pay common stock dividends and to service its debt obligations. Ameren is a holding company; therefore, its primary assets are its investments in the common stock of its subsidiaries, including Ameren Missouri, Ameren Illinois, and ATXI. As a result, Ameren s ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the earnings of its subsidiaries and the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer funds to Ameren. Similarly, Ameren s ability to service its debt obligations is dependent upon the earnings of its operating subsidiaries and the distribution of those earnings and other payments, including payments of principal and interest under affiliate indebtedness. The payment of dividends to Ameren by its subsidiaries in turn depends on the subsidiaries results of operations, and other items affecting retained earnings, and available cash. Ameren s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any dividends or make any other distributions (except for payments required pursuant to the terms of affiliate borrowing arrangements and cash payments under the tax allocation agreement) to Ameren. Under the IRA, a 15% minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income, as defined in the law, is assessed against corporations whose average annual adjusted financial statement income exceeds $1 billion for three consecutive preceding tax years. Once a corporation exceeds this three-year average annual adjusted financial statement income threshold, it will be subject to the minimum tax for all future tax years. As Ameren is a holding company and files a consolidated income tax return, it is reliant on its subsidiaries to pay the minimum tax once the threshold is exceeded. The payments related to the minimum tax by Ameren Missouri, Ameren Illinois, and ATXI are expected to be recovered, subject to approval by their respective regulators. In addition, interpretations, regulations, amendments, or technical corrections that affect the amount and timing of income tax payments, credits available, or the transferability of production and investment tax credits could adversely affect our liquidity. Certain financing agreements, corporate organizational documents, and certain statutory and regulatory requirements may impose restrictions on the ability of Ameren Missouri, Ameren Illinois, and ATXI to transfer funds to Ameren in the form of cash dividends, loans, or advances. 28 Table of Contents Significant increases in prices of labor, services, materials and supplies and other costs, including costs associated with our defined benefit retirement and postretirement plans, health care plans, and other employee benefits, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. A part of our strategy focuses on disciplined cost management, including prudently monitoring all of our expenses. Higher than expected inflation levels could put pressure on the prices of labor, services, materials and supplies, and other costs. Higher inflation levels, as well as higher interest rates, tariffs, trade wars, or a recession could impact our ability to control costs, to make substantial investments in our businesses, to recover costs and investments, to earn our allowed ROEs within frameworks established by our regulators, and/or to maintain affordability of our services for our customers. In addition, these various economic pressures could adversely affect our customers usage of, or payment for, our services. Additionally, volatility in the commodities market could increase collateral postings and prepayments. Also, market volatility could significantly affect the investment performance of Ameren s COLI. Significant increases in our costs could increase our financing needs and otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Related to benefits, Ameren has defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all of its employees and has postretirement benefit plans covering non-union employees hired before October 2015 and union employees hired before January 2020. Assumptions related to future costs, returns on investments, interest rates, timing of employee retirements, and mortality, as well as other actuarial matters, have a significant impact on our customers rates and our plan funding requirements. Ameren s total pension and postretirement benefit plans were overfunded by $954 million as of December 31, 2025. Ameren expects to fund its pension plans at a level equal to the greater of the pension cost or the legally required minimum contribution. Based on its assumptions at December 31, 2025, its investment performance in 2025, and its pension funding policy, Ameren expects to make annual contributions of approximately $45 million to $50 million in each of the next five years, with aggregate estimated contributions of $240 million . Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois estimate that their portion of the future funding requirements will be 35% and 45%, respectively. These estimated contributions may change based on actual investment performance, changes in interest rates, changes in our assumptions, changes in government regulations, and any voluntary contributions. In addition to the costs of our pension plans, the costs of providing health care benefits to our employees and retirees have increased in recent years. We believe that our employee benefit costs, including costs of health care plans for our employees and former employees, will continue to rise. Future legislative changes related to health care could also significantly change our benefit programs and costs. GENERAL RISKS Customers , investors , legislators , regulators , creditors , and rating agencies opinions of us are affected by many factors, including system safety and reliability, implementation of our strategic plan, protection of customer information, rates, media coverage, and company policies or practices, as well as actions by other utility companies. Negative opinions developed by customers, investors, legislators, regulators, creditors, and rating agencies could harm our reputation. Our results are influenced by the expectations of our customers, investors, legislators, regulators, creditors and ratings agencies. Those expectations are based, in part, on the reliability and affordability of our utility services. Service interruptions and facility shutdowns can occur due to failures of equipment as a result of severe or destructive weather or other causes. The ability of Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois to prevent, mitigate, or respond promptly to such failures can affect customer satisfaction or potentially subject us to litigation. In addition to system reliability issues, the success of modernization efforts, our ability to safeguard sensitive customer information and protect our systems from physical or cyber attacks, and other actions can affect customer satisfaction. The level of rates, the timing and magnitude of rate increases, and the volatility of rates can also affect regulator and customer satisfaction. In addition, rising energy and capacity prices, which are largely outside of our control, could impact customer affordability and satisfaction. Ameren Missouri s and Ameren Illinois recent electric and natural gas regulatory rate reviews have resulted in increases in rates charged to customers which had an adverse impact on customer satisfaction and increased political pressures and media attention. Our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan, including the transition of Ameren Missouri s generation fleet included in its 2025 Change to the 2023 PRP, may affect customers , investors , legislators , regulators , creditors , and rating agencies opinions and actions. Additionally, negative perceptions or publicity resulting from increasing scrutiny of company policies or practices could negatively impact our reputation, investment in our common stock, or our access to capital and credit markets. Customers , investors , legislators , regulators , creditors , and rating agencies opinions of us can also be affected by media coverage, including social media, which may include information, whether factual or not, that damages our brand and reputation. If customers, investors, legislators, regulators, creditors or rating agencies have or develop a negative opinion of us and our utility services, this could result in increased costs associated with regulatory oversight and could affect the ROEs we are allowed to earn, as well as the access to, and the cost of, capital. Additionally, negative opinions about us or other utility companies could make it more difficult for our businesses to achieve favorable legislative or regulatory outcomes. Negative opinions could also result in sales volume reductions or increased use of distributed generation by our customers. Any of these consequences could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 29 Table of Contents We are subject to employee workforce factors that could adversely affect our operations. Our businesses depend upon our ability to employ and retain key officers and other skilled professional and technical employees. Certain specialized knowledge that focuses on skilled-craft and STEM-related disciplines is required to construct and operate generation, transmission, and distribution assets. Further, a significant portion of our work force is nearing retirement. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 22% of Ameren s, Ameren Missouri s, and Ameren Illinois total employees were 55 years old or older. We are also party to collective bargaining agreements that collectively represent about 46%, 58%, and 54% of Ameren s, Ameren Missouri s and Ameren Illinois total employees, respectively. The Ameren Missouri collective bargaining unit contracts expire in 2026 and 2028, and cover 96% and 4% of represented employees, respectively. The Ameren Illinois collective bargaining unit contracts expire in 2027 and 2029, and cover 8% and 92% of represented employees, respectively. Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois expect to renew these contracts prior to their expiration, however there can be no guarantee that such renewals will be secured on favorable terms. Certain events, such as significant delays in finding appropriate replacement talent, inadequately trained replacement employees, a mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or any work stoppage experienced in connection with negotiations of collective bargaining agreements could adversely affect our operations. Our operations are subject to acts of sabotage, terrorism, cyber attacks, and other disruptive acts. Like other electric and natural gas utilities, our energy centers, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities, and enterprise information systems may be affected by malicious acts, terrorist activities and other intentionally disruptive acts, including physical and cyber attacks, which could disrupt our ability to produce or distribute our energy products or subject us to significant liability. In the industry, there continues to be attacks on energy infrastructure, such as substations and related assets. The threat landscape continues to expand, which may result in more attacks in the future. Any such incident could limit our ability to generate, purchase, or transmit power or natural gas and could have significant regional economic consequences. Any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues, a significant increase in costs including those for repair, physical harm or loss of life, or adversely affect economic activity in our service territory which, in turn, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. There has been an increase in the number and sophistication of physical and cyber attacks across all industries worldwide. Physical attacks could include sabotaging, vandalizing, or burglarizing transmission and distribution facilities, which are unmanned, widely dispersed, and often in isolated areas, or the theft of physical data and information. Cyber attacks could include viruses, malicious or destructive code, social engineering attacks, denial of service attacks, supply chain attacks, ransomware and other extortion-based attacks, improper access by third parties, attacks on email systems, and attacks leading to data loss, including data stored using cloud technologies, operational control, or exploitation of vulnerabilities specific to internally developed systems or to those provided and/or maintained by our suppliers. This also includes attacks arising from or generated by artificial intelligence, among various other attempts to compromise systems that can lead to security breaches. In addition, the increasingly widespread adoption of artificial intelligence technologies, including generative and agentic artificial intelligence, may increase, accelerate, or enhance cyber attacks and other operational, legal, privacy, and reputational risks in our industry and worldwide. Also, remote working arrangements could increase our data security risks, including loss of data related to sensitive customer, employee, financial, and operating system information, through insider or outsider actions. A security breach of our physical assets or in our information systems could affect the reliability of the transmission and distribution system, disrupt electric generation, including nuclear generation, and/or subject us to financial harm resulting from theft or the inappropriate release or destruction of certain types of information, including sensitive customer, employee, financial, and operating system information. Many of our suppliers, vendors, contractors, and information technology providers leverage systems that support our operations and maintain customer and employee data. An interruption of these third-party systems could adversely affect our business as if it was a disruption of our own system. If a significant breach or other interruption occurred, whether due to an intentional or unintentional act, our reputation could be adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, availability of our services could be impacted, and/or we could be subject to increased costs associated with regulatory oversight, fines or legal claims, any of which could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant costs for remedying the impacts of such a disruption. Our generation, transmission, and distribution systems are part of an interconnected grid. Therefore, a breach or other disruption caused by a physical or cyber incident at another utility, electric generator, RTO, or commodity supplier could also adversely affect our businesses. Insurance might not be adequate to cover losses that arise in connection with these events. In addition, new regulations could require changes in our security measures and result in increased costs. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Our businesses are dependent on our ability to access the capital and credit markets successfully. We might not have access to sufficient capital on reasonable terms, and in the amounts and at the times needed. We rely on the issuance of short-term and long-term debt and equity as significant sources of liquidity and funding for capital requirements not satisfied by our operating cash flow, as well as to refinance existing long-term debt. The inability to raise debt or equity capital on reasonable terms, or at all, could negatively affect our ability to maintain or to expand our businesses. General economic factors beyond our control might create uncertainty that could increase our cost of capital or impair or eliminate our ability to access the debt, equity, or credit markets, including our ability to draw on bank credit facilities. These factors include depressed economic conditions, a recession, increasing interest rates, inflation, sanctions, trade restrictions, tariffs or trade wars, government or federal agency shutdowns, political 30 Table of Contents instability, war, terrorism, and extreme volatility in the debt, equity, or credit markets. In addition, volatility in stock prices of perceived significant energy consumers, such as technology companies involved with artificial intelligence or cryptocurrency, or other significant developments with such companies, could cause increased volatility in stock prices of energy utility companies such as Ameren. Any adverse change in our credit ratings could reduce access to capital and trigger collateral postings and prepayments. Such changes could also increase the cost of borrowing and the costs of fuel, power, and natural gas supply, among other things, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 