=== AEE_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investors should review carefully the following material risk factors and the other information contained in this report. The risks that the Ameren Companies face are not limited to those in this section. There may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may adversely affect the results of operations, financial position, and liquidity of the Ameren Companies. REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE RISKS We are subject to extensive regulation of our businesses. We are subject to federal, state, and local regulation. The extensive regulatory frameworks, some of which are more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulate, among other matters, the electric and natural gas utility industries; the rate and cost structure of utilities, including an allowed ROE; the operation of nuclear power plants; the construction and operation of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities; the acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of assets and facilities; the electric transmission system reliability; and wholesale and retail competition. In the planning and management of our operations, we must address the effects of existing and proposed laws and regulations and potential changes in our regulatory frameworks, including new interpretations of existing regulations, as well as executive orders, initiatives by federal and state legislatures, RTOs, utility regulators, and taxing authorities, and actions by local jurisdictions that may affect the constructing or siting of facilities. Significant changes in the nature of the regulation of our businesses, including expiration or discontinuation of, or significant changes to, existing regulatory mechanisms, and the presidential administration’s approach to environmental and energy policy and resultant changes in regulatory enforcement priorities, and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements, could require changes to our business planning, strategy and management of our businesses and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Failure to obtain adequate rates or regulatory approvals in a timely manner; failure to obtain necessary licenses or permits from regulatory authorities; the impact of new or modified laws, regulations, standards, interpretations, or other legal requirements; or increased compliance costs could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. The electric and natural gas rates that we are allowed to charge are determined through regulatory proceedings, which are subject to intervention and appeal. Rates are also subject to legislative actions, which are largely outside of our control. Certain events could prevent us from recovering our costs in a timely manner or at all, or from earning adequate returns on our investments. The rates that we are allowed to charge for our utility services significantly influence our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. The electric and natural gas utility industry is highly regulated. The utility rates charged to customers are determined by governmental entities, including the MoPSC, the ICC, and the FERC. Decisions by these entities are influenced by many factors, including the cost of providing service, the prudency of expenditures, the quality of service, regulatory staff knowledge and experience, customer intervention, and economic conditions, as well as social and political views. Decisions made by these governmental entities regarding customer rates are largely outside of our control. We are exposed to regulatory lag, including the impact of inflationary pressures, and cost disallowances to varying degrees by jurisdiction, which, if unmitigated, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Rate orders are also subject to appeal, which creates additional uncertainty as to the rates that we will ultimately be allowed to 21 Table of Contents charge for our services. From time to time, our regulators may approve riders or other recovery mechanisms that allow electric or natural gas rates to be adjusted without a traditional regulatory rate review. These mechanisms could be changed or terminated. Ameren Missouri’s electric and natural gas utility rates and Ameren Illinois’ natural gas utility rates are typically established in regulatory proceedings that take up to 11 months to complete. Ameren Missouri’s electric and natural gas utility rates established in those proceedings are based on historical costs, revenues, and sales volumes. Pursuant to the PPRA, Ameren Missouri’s natural gas utility rates established in proceedings filed after June 2026 will be allowed to be based on future costs, revenues, and sales volumes, subject to MoPSC approval. Ameren Illinois’ natural gas rates established in those proceedings are based on estimated future costs, revenues, and sales volumes. Effective for rates in 2024 through at least 2027, Ameren Illinois’ electric distribution rates have been established through an MYRP as discussed in the following risk factor. An MYRP includes a revenue requirement reconciliation, which may not allow for full recovery of actual costs due to a reconciliation cap. Thus, the rates that we are allowed to charge for utility services may not match our actual costs at any given time. Rates include an allowed return on investments established by the regulator, including a return at the applicable WACC on rate base, and an amount for income taxes based on the currently applicable statutory income tax rates and amortization associated with excess deferred income taxes. Although rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on rate base, there can be no assurance that the regulator will determine that our costs were prudently incurred or that the regulatory process will result in rates that will produce full recovery of such costs or provide for an opportunity to earn a reasonable return on those investments. Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois, and the utility industry generally, have experienced higher maintenance costs and capital expenditures to operate their electric, natural gas, and transmission businesses, which has led to increases in customer rates and the related revenue requirements needed to recover such costs and earn a return on investments. This could result in more frequent regulatory rate reviews and requests for cost recovery mechanisms. Additionally, increasing rates could result in regulatory or legislative actions, as well as competitive or political pressures, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Beginning in 2024 through at least 2027, electric distribution rates for Ameren Illinois are established through an MYRP, which are subject to ongoing regulatory and judicial proceedings and associated risks, and are subject to a reconciliation cap. Pursuant to the CEJA, Ameren Illinois has the option to establish electric distribution rates through an MYRP or a traditional regulatory rate review. An MYRP establishes rates for a four-year period, and Ameren Illinois has the option to file for an MYRP every four years. Ameren Illinois elected to file an MYRP for rates effective in 2024 through 2027. Under the MYRP, Ameren Illinois is allowed to reconcile its actual electric distribution revenue requirement, as adjusted for certain cost variations, to the ICC-approved revenue requirement on an annual basis, subject to a reconciliation cap. The reconciliation cap limits the annual adjustment to 105% of the annual revenue requirement approved by the ICC. Certain variations from forecasted costs are excluded from the reconciliation cap, including those associated with major storms; new business and facility relocations; changes in the timing of certain expenditures or investments into or out of the applicable calendar year; and changes in interest rates, income taxes, taxes other than income taxes, pension and other post-retirement benefits costs, and amortization of certain assets. The reconciliation cap also excludes costs recovered outside of base rates through riders. The actual revenue requirement for a particular year incorporates Ameren Illinois’ year-end rate base and actual capital structure for such year, provided that the resulting revenue requirement does not exceed the 105% reconciliation cap and the common equity ratio in such capital structure may not exceed that approved by the ICC in the MYRP. Ameren Illinois’ existing riders continue to be effective under the MYRP. In addition, the ICC determines the ROE applicable to each year of the four-year period. Economic conditions could result in the annual predetermined ROE becoming inadequate over the four-year period. Ameren Illinois has filed an appeal of the ICC-determined ROE for 2024 through 2027 to the Illinois Appellate Court for the Fifth Judicial District. For additional information on the appeal see Note 2 – Rate and Regulatory Matters under Part II, Item 8, of this report. Failure to limit capital expenditures and operation and maintenance expenses to amounts that maintain revenue requirements under the reconciliation cap limit would adversely affect Ameren’s and Ameren Illinois’ results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. As a result of the election to use the PISA, Ameren Missouri’s electric service business is subject to a limitation on increasing the annual revenue requirement due to the inclusion of incremental PISA deferrals in the revenue requirement. Pursuant to the PPRA, Ameren Missouri’s PISA election was extended through 2035 and an additional extension through 2040 is allowed if requested by Ameren Missouri and approved by the MoPSC. This law also reduced the annual limit on increases to the electric service revenue requirement used to set customer rates, compared to the revenue requirement established in the immediately preceding rate order, due to the inclusion of incremental PISA deferrals in the revenue requirement. The annual limit in effect was 2.5% and changed to 2.25%, prorated monthly, for revenue requirements approved by the MoPSC after August 2025. Increased capital expenditures could cause incremental PISA deferrals to exceed the 2.25% limitation, and such amounts exceeding the 2.25% limitation would be excluded from recovery under future revenue requirements. Failure to limit capital investments to an amount which maintains PISA deferrals under the 2.25% limitation could adversely affect Ameren’s and Ameren Missouri’s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 22 Table of Contents We are subject to various environmental and permitting laws. Significant capital expenditures may be required to achieve and to maintain compliance with these environmental laws. Failure to comply with these laws could result in the closing of facilities, alterations to the manner in which these facilities operate, increased operating costs, delays and increased costs of building new facilities, and exposure to fines and liabilities. Our electric generation, transmission, and distribution and natural gas distribution and storage operations must comply with a variety of statutes and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety, including permitting programs implemented by federal, state, and local authorities. Such environmental laws regulate air emissions; protect water bodies; regulate the handling and disposal of hazardous substances and waste materials; establish siting and land use requirements; and protect against ecological impacts. Complex and lengthy processes are required to obtain and renew approvals, permits, and licenses for new, existing, or modified energy-related facilities. Additionally, the use and handling of various chemicals and hazardous materials require release prevention plans and emergency response procedures. Further, we are subject to risks from changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws, modifications to existing laws, new laws, new or modified permit terms, and enforcement of environmental laws and permits by federal, state, and local authorities. We are also subject to liability under environmental laws that address the remediation of environmental contamination on property currently or formerly owned by us or by our predecessors, as well as property contaminated by hazardous substances that we generated. Such properties include MGP sites, substations, and third-party sites, such as landfills. Additionally, individuals and non-governmental organizations may seek to enforce environmental laws against us, allege injury from exposure to hazardous materials, allege a failure to comply with environmental laws, seek to compel remediation of environmental contamination, or seek to recover damages resulting from purported contamination. Environmental regulations impact the electric utility industry, and compliance obligations could be costly for Ameren Missouri, which operates coal-fired and natural gas-fired energy centers. As of December 31, 2025, Ameren Missouri’s coal-fired energy centers represented 5% and 11% of Ameren’s and Ameren Missouri’s rate base, respectively. Compliance obligations under the Clean Air Act stem from a variety of programs including the NSPS, the MATS, emission allowance programs, the CSAPR, and the National Ambient Air Quality Standards, which are subject to periodic review for certain pollutants. Collectively, these regulations cover a variety of pollutants, such as SO 2 , particulate matter, NO x , mercury, toxic metals and acid gases, and CO 2 emissions, although the scope of covered pollutants can change. To the extent our operations impact surface water bodies, including wetlands, the Clean Water Act requires permitting as well as evaluation of the ecological and biological impact of those operations. Implementation of requirements under the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act typically occurs through the issuance of permits by state regulators or resource agencies, and capital expenditures associated with compliance could be significant. The management and disposal of coal ash from our coal-fired energy centers must comply with federal regulations known as the CCR Rule issued under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and require the closure of surface impoundments at our coal-fired energy centers along with groundwater monitoring requirements and the implementations of corrective measures if necessary. The combined effects of compliance with existing and future environmental regulations could result in significant capital expenditures, increased operating costs, and the potential for closure or alteration of operations at some of Ameren Missouri’s energy centers. Currently as required by the CEJA, Ameren Missouri's natural gas-fired energy centers in Illinois are subject to annual limits on emissions, including CO 2 and NO x . Further reductions to emissions limits will become effective between 2030 and 2040, resulting in the possible closure of the Venice Energy Center by the end of 2029. The reductions could also limit the operations of Ameren Missouri's four other natural gas-fired energy centers located in the state of Illinois and will result in their closure by 2040. These energy centers are utilized to support peak loads. Subject to conditions in the CEJA, these energy centers may be allowed to exceed the emissions limits in order to maintain reliability of electric utility service. Ameren and Ameren Missouri have incurred, and expect to incur, significant costs with respect to environmental compliance and site remediation. New or revised environmental regulations, enforcement initiatives, or legislation could result in a significant increase in capital expenditures and operating costs, decreased revenues, penalties or fines, reduced operations or closure of some of Ameren Missouri’s coal-and natural gas-fired energy centers, which, in turn, could lead to increased liquidity and financing needs, and higher financing costs. Actions required to ensure that Ameren Missouri’s facilities and operations are in compliance with environmental laws could be prohibitively expensive for Ameren Missouri if the costs are not fully recovered through rates. Environmental laws could require Ameren Missouri to close or to alter significantly the operations of its energy centers. If Ameren Missouri requests recovery of capital expenditures and costs for environmental compliance through rates, the MoPSC could deny recovery of all or a portion of these costs, prevent timely recovery, or make changes to the regulatory framework in an effort to minimize rate volatility and customer rate increases. Capital expenditures and costs to comply with future legislation or regulations could result in Ameren Missouri closing coal-fired energy centers earlier than planned. If these costs are not recoverable through base rates or other regulatory mechanisms, it could lead to an impairment of assets and reduced revenues. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial positions, and liquidity. 23 Table of Contents We are subject to business and financial risks related to the impact of climate-related legislation, regulation, and emission reduction initiatives. There is concern and activism among various external stakeholders, both nationally and internationally, about climate-related risks, including public concerns about the potential environmental impacts from the combustion of fossil fuels, as well as pressure from public interest groups regarding limiting the use of natural gas. Also, state and local authorities have proposed restrictions on the use of natural gas, and the ICC is conducting a future of gas proceeding to explore issues involved with decarbonization of the natural gas distribution system in the state of Illinois. Further, federal, state, and local authorities have considered initiatives to further restrict greenhouse gases to address global climate-related risks. Additionally, international agreements have in the past, and could again, lead to future federal or state legislation or regulations. In 2015, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change reached consensus among approximately 190 nations on an agreement, known as the Paris Agreement, that establishes a framework for greenhouse gas mitigation actions by all countries, with a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels and an aspiration to limit the increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius. The United States withdrew from the Paris Agreement and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in January 2025 and 2026, respectively. The EPA has revised, and has proposed revisions to, compliance requirements under a number of federal environmental regulatory programs related to greenhouse gases; however, differences in energy policy priorities adopted by future presidential administrations could result in additional greenhouse gas reduction requirements in the United States. As a result of our diverse fuel portfolio, our emissions of greenhouse gases vary among our energy centers, but coal-fired power plants are significant sources of CO 2 emissions. Future federal and state legislation or regulations that mandate limits on the emission of, or impose taxation on, greenhouse gases could result in a significant increase in capital expenditures and operating costs, decreased revenues, penalties or fines, or reduced operations of some of Ameren Missouri’s coal- and natural gas-fired energy centers, which, in turn, could lead to increased liquidity and financing needs, and higher financing costs. Moreover, to the extent Ameren Missouri requests recovery of these costs through rates, its regulators might deny some or all of, or defer timely recovery of, these costs. Excessive costs to comply with future legislation or regulations related to climate-related risks might force Ameren Missouri to close its remaining coal-fired energy centers earlier than planned, which could lead to possible loss on abandonment and reduced revenues. As a result, mandatory limits could have a material adverse impact on Ameren’s and Ameren Missouri’s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Ameren is targeting net-zero carbon emissions by 2045, as well as a 60% reduction by 2030 and an 85% reduction by 2040 based on 2005 levels in a safe, reliable, and affordable manner. Ameren’s goals include both reduction of direct emissions from operations (scope 1), as well as electricity usage at Ameren buildings (scope 2), including other greenhouse gas emissions of methane, nitrous oxide, and sulfur hexafluoride. Achievement of these targets is dependent on many factors, including the pace and extent of development and deployment of low- to zero-carbon energy technologies and carbon capture technologies, the cost of those technologies, and support of such technologies by regulators; natural gas and energy prices; operational performance of low- to zero-carbon resources; new transmission infrastructure; the ability to maintain system reliability; customer demand for energy including carbon-free energy; and constructive energy and economic policies, including those that address investment in energy infrastructure, global climate-related risks, incentives for clean energy technologies, and environmental regulations. Additional factors associated with operational risks for the construction and acquisition of electric and natural gas infrastructure may also affect the achievement of these goals, as further discussed below. The strategy to achieve these goals also relies on continuing to pursue a diverse portfolio, including low-carbon and carbon-free resources and energy-efficiency resources, while still meeting load growth opportunities; continuing to participate in efforts to help advance the development of technologies such as carbon capture and sequestration; the use of hydrogen fuel for electric production and energy storage, next generation nuclear, and large-scale long-cycle battery storage; and constructively engaging with legislators, regulators, investors, customers, and other stakeholders to support outcomes leading to a net-zero future. We are subject to regulatory compliance and proceedings, which could result in increasing costs, regulatory penalties, and/or other sanctions. We are subject to FERC regulations, rules, and orders, including standards issued by the NERC. As owners and operators of bulk power transmission systems and electric energy centers, we are subject to mandatory NERC reliability standards, including cybersecurity standards. In addition, our natural gas transmission, distribution, and storage facilities systems are subject to PHMSA rules and regulations. Compliance with these reliability standards, rules, and regulations may subject us to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. We may also incur higher operating costs to comply with potential new executive orders, regulations, or interpretations of existing regulations issued by these regulatory bodies. If we were found not to be in compliance with these mandatory NERC reliability standards, PHMSA rules and regulations, or FERC regulations, rules, and orders, we could incur substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. The FERC can impose civil penalties of approximately $1.6 million per violation per day for violation of its regulations, rules, and orders, including mandatory NERC reliability standards. The FERC also conducts audits and reviews of Ameren Missouri’s, Ameren Illinois’, and ATXI’s accounting records to assess the accuracy of their respective formula ratemaking process, and it can require refunds to be issued to customers for previously billed amounts, with interest. 24 Table of Contents Additionally, pursuant to the CEJA, Illinois utilities are subject to requirements and provisions related to ethical conduct, including submitting an annual ethics and compliance report to the ICC. The law authorizes the ICC to initiate an investigation into how customer funds were used if a violation of the law is determined to have occurred at an Illinois utility, potentially requiring the utility to issue refunds and imposing a penalty of up to $0.5 million per violation. OPERATIONAL RISKS The construction and acquisition of, and capital improvements to, electric and natural gas utility infrastructure, along with Ameren Missouri’s ability to implement its Smart Energy Plan and its 2025 Change to the 2023 PRP, involve substantial risks. We expect to make significant capital expenditures to maintain and improve our electric and natural gas utility infrastructure and to comply with existing environmental regulations. We estimate that we will invest up to $33.1 billion (Ameren Missouri – up to $22.2 billion; Ameren Illinois – up to $8.3 billion; ATXI – up to $2.6 billion) of capital expenditures from 2026 through 2030. For additional information on these estimates, see Liquidity and Capital Resources – Capital Expenditures in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II, Item 7, of this report. Investments in Ameren’s rate-regulated operations are expected to be recoverable from customers, but they are subject to prudence reviews and are exposed to regulatory lag of varying degrees by jurisdiction. Our ability to complete construction projects successfully within projected estimates, including schedule, performance, and/or cost, and to implement Ameren Missouri’s Smart Energy Plan, which may include acquisition of generation facilities after they are constructed, is contingent upon many factors and subject to substantial risks. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: project management expertise; the ability of suppliers, contractors, and developers to meet contractual commitments and timely complete projects, which is dependent upon the availability of necessary labor, materials, and equipment; escalating costs, including but not limited to changes to tariffs on materials or government actions; changes in the scope and timing of projects; the ability to obtain required regulatory, project, and permit approvals; the ability to obtain necessary rights-of-way, easements, and transmission connection agreements at an acceptable cost in a timely fashion; unsatisfactory performance by the projects when completed; the ability to raise capital on reasonable terms; geopolitical conflict and other events beyond our control, including delays arising from government shutdowns or construction delays due to weather. With respect to the transition of Ameren Missouri’s generation fleet included in its 2025 Change to the 2023 PRP and carbon emission reduction targets, factors also include Ameren Missouri’s ability to obtain CCNs from the MoPSC, and any other required state or federal approvals for the addition of renewable resources, battery storage, or nuclear or natural gas-fired generation, retirement of energy centers, and new or continued customer energy-efficiency programs; the ability to enter into agreements for renewable, natural gas-fired, or nuclear generation or battery storage and acquire or construct those resources at a reasonable cost; the ability to enter into natural gas supply agreements at reasonable prices and adequate quantities to power Ameren Missouri’s natural gas-fired energy centers; the ability to obtain NRC approval for an extension of the operating license for the Callaway Energy Center beyond its current 2044 expiration date; the continued existence and ability to qualify for, and use or transfer, federal production or investment tax credits; the ability to maintain system reliability; new and/or changes in environmental regulations, including those related to CO 2 and other greenhouse gas emissions; energy prices; and demand. Also, changes to capacity accreditation rules adopted by the MISO could reduce the accredited capacity of renewable generation and battery storage and increase regional capacity prices, potentially requiring additional investment and higher costs to satisfy resource adequacy requirements. In addition, the presidential administration has issued executive orders and taken other actions to increase investment in fossil fuel infrastructure. This change in federal domestic energy policy has created uncertainty regarding the role existing renewable generation will play in supporting the United States’ energy grid and the timing and extent of future renewable generation infrastructure development. Ameren Missouri’s plan could be affected by this change in energy policy. Any of these risks could result in higher costs, the inability to complete anticipated projects, or facility closures, and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Our electric generation and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution facilities, including natural gas storage facilities, are subject to operational risks. Our financial performance depends on the successful operation of electric generation and electric and natural gas transmission and distribution facilities, including natural gas storage facilities. Operation of these facilities involves many risks, including: • facility shutdowns due to operator error, or a failure of equipment or processes; • longer-than-anticipated maintenance outages; • failures of equipment that can result in unanticipated liabilities or unplanned outages; • aging infrastructure that may require 

=== AEE_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. For a detailed discussion of our risk factors, see the information disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, of the Form 10-K. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. Ameren Corporation, Ameren Missouri, and Ameren Illinois did not purchase equity securities reportable under Item 703 of Regulation S-K during the period from January 1, 2026, to March 31, 2026. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. Insider Adoption or Termination of Trading Arrangements During the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or officers informed us of the adoption or termination of a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408, except as follows: On February 24, 2026 , Michael L. Moehn , Group President of Ameren Utilities and Interim Chairman and President of Ameren Missouri , adopted a Rule 10b5‑1 trading arrangement that provides for the sale of an aggregate of up to 26,000 shares of Ameren common stock, to be sold in four equal quarterly installments, beginning in August 2026 and continuing through May 2027, subject to certain price limitations set forth in the trading arrangement. Mr. Moehn’s Rule 10b5‑1 trading arrangement will terminate on the earlier of: (i) July 30, 2027 ; (ii) execution of all trades or expiration of all orders relating to such trades under the Rule 10b5‑1 trading arrangement; or (iii) such date as the Rule 10b5‑1 trading arrangement is otherwise terminated according to its terms. On February 24, 2026 , Mark C. Lindgren , Executive Vice President, Communications, and Chief Human Resources Officer of Ameren Services Company , adopted a Rule 10b5‑1 trading arrangement that provides for the sale of 50% of any net shares of Ameren common stock received, after tax withholding, in connection with certain previously awarded performance share units and restricted stock units that will vest upon payment in March 2027 and March 2028. The estimated maximum number of shares to be sold pursuant to the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement is 5,272 shares. The actual number of shares sold pursuant to the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement will depend on the actual number of shares earned pursuant to the awards, which is generally dependent on the Company's achievement of certain performance measures, the actual dividends paid by the Company during the applicable vesting periods, and Mr. Lindgren's continued employment during the applicable vesting periods. Mr. Lindgren’s Rule 10b5‑1 trading arrangement will terminate on the earlier of: (i) March 17, 2028 ; (ii) execution of all trades or expiration of all orders relating to such trades under the Rule 10b5‑1 trading arrangement; or (iii) such date as the Rule 10b5‑1 trading arrangement is otherwise terminated according to its terms. Each of the trading arrangements discussed above are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c). 65 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. The documents listed below are being filed or have previously been filed on behalf of the Ameren Companies and are incorporated herein by reference from the documents indicated and made a part hereof. Exhibits not identified as previously filed are filed herewith. Exhibit Designation Registrant(s) Nature of Exhibit Previously Filed as Exhibit to: Instruments Defining Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures 4.1 Ameren Ameren Missouri Supplemental Indenture to the Ameren Missouri Mortgage dated February 1, 2026, for 4.80% First Mortgage Bonds due 2036 and 5.55% First Mortgage Bonds due 2056 February 27, 2026 Form 8-K, Exhibit 4.2, File No. 1-2967 4.2 Ameren Ameren Indenture Company Order, dated March 4, 2026, establishing the 5.00% Senior Notes due 2036 (inc luding t he global notes) March 4, 2026 Form 8-K, Exhibits 4.3 and 4.4, File No. 1-14756 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certifications 31.1 Ameren Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Ameren 31.2 Ameren Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Ameren 31.3 Ameren Missouri Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Ameren Missouri 31.4 Ameren Missouri Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Ameren Missouri 31.5 Ameren Illinois Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Ameren Illinois 31.6 Ameren Illinois Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Ameren Illinois Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 Ameren Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of Ameren 32.2 Ameren Missouri Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of Ameren Missouri 32.3 Ameren Illinois Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of Ameren Illinois Interactive Data Files 101.INS Ameren Companies Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Ameren Companies Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Ameren Companies Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Ameren Companies Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Ameren Companies Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Ameren Companies Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 104 Ameren Companies Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) The file number references for the Ameren Companies’ filings with the SEC are: Ameren, 1-14756; Ameren Missouri, 1-2967; and Ameren Illinois, 1-3672. Each registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC upon request a copy of any long-term debt instrument not listed above that such registrant has not filed as an exhibit pursuant to the exemption provided by Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. 66 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. The signature for each undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company or its subsidiaries. AMEREN CORPORATION (Registrant) /s/ Leonard P. Singh Leonard P. Singh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) UNION ELECTRIC COMPANY (Registrant) /s/ Leonard P. Singh Leonard P. Singh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) AMEREN ILLINOIS COMPANY (Registrant) /s/ Leonard P. Singh Leonard P. Singh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: May 7, 2026 67 