=== VMC_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors , Item 3 Legal Proceedings , Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , all as set forth in this report other assumptions, risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in our filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission All forward-looking statements are made as of the date of filing or publication. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. Investors are cautioned not to rely unduly on such forward-looking statements when evaluating the information presented in our filings, and are advised to consult any of our future disclosures in filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our press releases with regard to our business and consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. OUR MISSION We are the company we are today thanks to the positive actions of our employees. We believe that doing the right thing is good for our business, our environment and our society. That s our commitment. Our Mission Provide quality products and services that consistently exceed our customers expectations. Be responsible stewards with respect to safety and the environmental impact of our operations and products. Drive value and superior returns for our customers, employees, communities and shareholders. We maintain the highest degree of respect for people for their dignity, talents and interests. We believe that empowering, mentoring, training and rewarding our people helps create a highly engaged workforce, happy people and sustainable, long-term value. We act fairly and honorably to earn the respect and trust of all parties with whom we interact. We hold ourselves to high ethical standards, including abiding by both the letter and spirit of the laws and regulations related to our business. We are committed to excellence in all of our activities. We value innovation. We strive to maintain a position of leadership in all of our businesses. DOING THE RIGHT THING, THE RIGHT WAY, AT THE RIGHT TIME. IT S THE VULCAN WAY. Form 10-K 2 Part I Item 1 Business Vulcan Materials Company operates primarily in the U.S. and is the nation s largest supplier of construction aggregates (mainly crushed stone, sand and gravel) and a major producer of aggregates-intensive downstream products such as asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete. Delivered by trucks, ships, barges and trains, we provide the materials needed for the infrastructure that maintains and expands the U.S. economy. Our products are essential for building homes, offices, data centers, places of worship, schools, hospitals and factories, as well as vital infrastructure including highways, bridges, roads, ports and harbors, water systems, campuses, dams, airports and rail networks. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we had 425 active aggregates facilities as shown below. Production and sales are currently halted at our Calica operations in Mexico and our Puerto Cort s operations in Honduras. For additional information regarding our Calica operations, see Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Additionally, we further serve our customers through our 71 asphalt facilities and 76 concrete facilities located in Alabama, Arizona, California, Maryland, New Mexico, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Washington D.C. 3 Form 10-K Part I Our top ten revenue producing states accounted for 90% of our 2025 revenues while our top five accounted for 63%. Vulcan s Top Ten Revenue Producing States in 2025 1. California 6. North Carolina 2. Texas 7. Florida 3. Georgia 8. Alabama 4. Tennessee 9. South Carolina 5. Virginia 10. Arizona BUSINESS STRATEGY Our strategy and competitive advantage are based on our strength in aggregates, which are used in most types of construction and in the production of asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete. Our strategy for long-term value creation is built on: (1) an aggregates-led business, (2) a discipline of durable growth, (3) a holistic approach to land management, and (4) our commitment to safety, health and the environment. 1. Aggregates Focus Demand for our products is dependent on construction activity and correlates positively with changes in population, employment and household formations. As such, we have pursued a strategy to increase our presence in U.S. metropolitan areas that are expected to grow the most rapidly and to divest assets that are no longer considered part of our long-term growth strategy. During the next decade (2025 - 2035), Woods Poole Economics projects that 76% of the U.S. population growth, 75% of new jobs and 73% of household formations will occur in Vulcan-served states. Our coast-to-coast footprint serves 34 of the top 50 highest-growth metropolitan statistical areas in 23 states plus Washington D.C. The close proximity of our aggregates reserves and our production facilities to this projected population growth creates many opportunities to invest capital in high-return projects. Projected Demographic Growth, 2025 to 2035 in millions Source: Woods Poole Economics, Complete Economic and Demographic Data Source (CEDDS) 2025 While certain aspects of each aggregates operation are unique, such as its location within a local market and its particular geological characteristics, every operation uses a similar group of assets to produce saleable aggregates and provide customer service. Our 425 active aggregates facilities operated during 2025 provide opportunities to share and scale best practices across our operations and to procure equipment (fixed and mobile), parts, supplies and services in an efficient and cost-effective manner, both regionally and nationally. Additionally, we are able to leverage our size for administrative support, customer service, accounting, procurement, technical support and engineering. Form 10-K 4 Part I Our reserves are critical to our long-term success. We currently have 16.6 billion tons of proven and probable aggregates reserves. They are strategically located to economically serve high-growth areas in the United States that are expected to require large amounts of aggregates to meet future construction demand. Moreover, there are significant barriers to entry in many metropolitan markets due to stringent zoning and permitting regulations. These restrictions curtail expansion in certain areas, but they also increase the value of our reserves at existing locations. While aggregates are the core of our business, complementary aggregates-intensive asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete products in select markets support our aggregates-driven returns throughout the cycle. 2. Durable Growth Our durable growth is generated by organic growth in our existing business as well as inorganic growth through mergers and acquisitions, supplemented with greenfield developments. The ability to grow our organic aggregates unit profitability throughout the cycle supports solid cash generation and our two-pronged approach of both enhancing our core and expanding our reach to drive earnings growth. ENHANCING OUR CORE: We drive organic growth and differentiate ourselves from other aggregates producers through our strategic disciplines, the Vulcan Way of Selling (Commercial Excellence Logistics Innovation) and the Vulcan Way of Operating (Operational Excellence Strategic Sourcing). By focusing on consistent execution, production efficiency and controlling costs, we provide the highest quality material and the best service to our customers. Expanding on these strategic disciplines: Commercial Excellence We place great emphasis on the unique characteristics of each geographic market, and we interact with our customers accordingly. We leverage our coast-to-coast presence, sharing best practices and real-time, forward-looking metrics with our sales teams to drive high quality discussions, value selling and improved solutions for our customers. We have clearly defined roles and responsibilities which enable our sales teams to spend less time on non-selling activities and more time responding to our customers needs. Logistics Innovation Our industry-leading logistics team manages the shipments of nearly half of our products. Our logistics systems produce real-time information including on-site and mobile visibility to orders, deliveries and digital shipping records. Partnering with our customers (truck drivers and contractors), our bundled logistics solutions enable streamlined scheduling, speed and accuracy of delivery, as well as efficient back-office processes. Operational Excellence We strive for continuous and sustainable improvements in our operating disciplines and our industry-leading safety performance. Leveraging our size and diversity, we harness technology and innovation to equip our operators with the tools and information they need to improve our customer service, asset utilization and production efficiencies. We are dedicated to continuous improvement of our safety programs through ongoing internal inspections, regulatory audits and sharing of best practices. Strategic Sourcing We focus on value preservation and creation in our sourcing, leveraging our scale to save money across the organization while making sure our employees have the supplies and equipment they need. Deploying best practices and innovation allows us to spend more time in our plants and with our suppliers to deliver the right parts and services at the right time and optimize the total cost of ownership. As a result of these strategic disciplines, from 2023 to 2025, aggregates gross profit per ton has increased from $7.40 to $8.66 (an increase of 17%), and aggregates cash gross profit per ton has increased from $9.46 to $11.33 (an increase of 20%). Aggregates cash gross profit per ton is a Non-GAAP financial measure. Non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled within Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the caption Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures . EXPANDING OUR REACH: We also drive growth by expanding our reach through mergers and acquisitions and by pursuing greenfield development in anticipation of future growth. Our disciplined approach focuses on aggregates, aims to achieve a number one or number two position in the fastest growing markets in the United States and strategically pursues downstream asphalt and concrete businesses complementary to our aggregates position in select markets. Since becoming a public company in 1956, Vulcan has principally grown by mergers and acquisitions. In 1999, we acquired CalMat Co., thereby expanding our aggregates operations into California and Arizona and making us one of the nation s leading producers of asphalt mix. In 2007, we acquired Florida Rock Industries, Inc., expanding our aggregates business in Florida and our aggregates and ready-mixed concrete businesses in other Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern states. In 2017, we acquired Aggregates USA, greatly expanding our ability to serve customers in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina. In 2021, we acquired U.S. Concrete, enhancing and expanding our aggregates-led business in attractive growing metropolitan areas. During the last 10 years, we have completed over 30 acquisitions, including more than 75 aggregates quarries and sales yards in our top 10 revenue states. 5 Form 10-K Part I While an aggregates-led business, we selectively make investments in downstream asphalt and concrete businesses that drive local market profitability. Our downstream businesses use internally produced aggregates almost exclusively when available in the market from a Vulcan aggregates operation. Over the past ten years, we entered the asphalt markets in Tennessee and Alabama and also expanded our asphalt operations in Texas through acquisitions. Through our 2021 acquisition of U.S. Concrete, we entered the New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania and U.S. Virgin Islands concrete markets and expanded our California, Texas and Washington D.C. concrete markets. To optimize our asset portfolio consistent with our aggregates-led strategy, we subsequently exited the New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania concrete markets in 2022, exited the Texas concrete market in 2023, and entered into an agreement to divest our concrete business in California during the fourth quarter of 2025. Our annual Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) decreased 0.5 percentage points (50 basis points) in 2025. Adjusted EBITDA increased 13% in 2025 and invested capital increased by 16% primarily as a result of acquisitions completed in the fourth quarter of 2024. 50 bps ROIC 1 13% Adjusted EBITDA 1 16% Invested Capital 1. ROIC and Adjusted EBITDA are Non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are defined and reconciled within Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the caption Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures . 3. Land Management With approximately 310,000 acres in our land portfolio, a long-term holistic approach to utilizing and preserving land and water is integral to sustaining our success. From pre-mining to mining to reclamation, we are actively managing the entire life cycle of our land to create maximum value for the business, our shareholders and our communities. We are putting land to use before we mine by creating opportunities such as agricultural use and timber development. After mining, our land and water assets will be converted to other valuable uses including drinking water reservoirs, aquifer recharge basins, public parks, habitat mitigation banks, wetlands, productive farmland and residential and commercial developments. In 2024, we sold real estate associated with a former sales yard in Virginia for net proceeds of $37.6 million resulting in a pretax gain of $36.7 million. In 2023, we sold excess real estate in Virginia for net proceeds of $66.1 million resulting in a pretax gain of $65.7 million and real estate associated with a former recycled concrete facility in Illinois for net proceeds of $16.5 million resulting in a pretax gain of $15.2 million. Effective management throughout the life cycle of our land not only generates significant additional value for our shareholders but greatly benefits the communities in which we operate. Because of the evolving needs of our communities, we listen to and collaborate with our neighbors to prepare the land for its highest and best use. Many of our operations not only meet regulatory requirements for reclamation planning at the end of a quarry s life but also use a proactive approach to conservation and engagement while the quarries are in operation. For example, we originally purchased land in Polk County, Florida with the intention of building a quarry. However, after an extensive review of the environmental impacts to sensitive species, our environmental team collaborated with various governmental agencies to identify an alternative beneficial use for the land. The property became the Tiger Creek Conservation Bank and now serves as a protected habitat for endangered or sensitive species. Designation as a conservation bank allows us to generate revenue by selling mitigation credits for third party impacts to endangered or sensitive species or to utilize those credits for our impacts. Our engagement with state, regional and local governments to develop solutions like this today will benefit future generations. Form 10-K 6 Part I 4. Safety, Health And The Environment A strategy for sustainable, long-term value creation must include doing right by our employees, our neighbors and the environment in which we operate. Over our more than six decades as a public company, we have built a strong, resilient and vital business on this foundation of doing things the right way. Sustainability includes looking beyond what is required of a company by governments and regulators it is reflected in our business strategy. Our leadership recognized decades ago the significance and importance of leadership in the Safety, Health and Environmental areas. The Safety, Health and Environmental Affairs Committee of our Board of Directors, along with the full Board, has oversight responsibility for our safety, health and environmental programs and results. Our Safety, Health Environmental Management Committee, made up of the senior leadership team along with other key senior personnel from cross-functional operations and staff disciplines, has the ongoing management responsibility for all of our safety, health and environmental initiatives. We are a leader in our industry in safety, health and environmental performance, with a safety record substantially better than the industry average. We apply the shared experiences, expertise and resources at each of our locally led sites with an emphasis on taking care of one another. The result is a record of safety excellence that consistently outperforms the industry. In 2025, we experienced an overall Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) safety performance of 0.9 injuries per 200,000 employee hours worked, which is well below the 2024 industry average of 1.8 injuries. Vulcan MSHA Injury Rate Compared to Aggregates Industry Number Of Injuries Per 200,000 Hours Worked Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics records and internal Vulcan data. * The aggregates industry MSHA injury rate for 2025 was not available as of the filing of this report. We focus on our environmental stewardship programs with the same commitment that we bring to our health and safety initiatives resulting in 99% citation-free inspections out of all 2025 federal and state environmental inspections. As an industry leader, our aim is to meet and strive to exceed all federal, state and local environmental regulations. Our environmental stewardship commitment is designed to conserve plant and animal species and habitats, as well as the air we breathe, the water we use and the lands we all share. In all parts of our company, from our local domestic and international operations to our sales and logistics functions and our corporate and division office spaces, we are focused on ensuring that our operations are efficient in ways that are economically and environmentally sustainable. As an example of our commitment to environmental stewardship, we have been a proud national partner of the Wildlife Habitat Council (WHC) since 1990 when our Sanders quarry became the first site in the U.S. to obtain certification by WHC. In 2025, we maintained 31 WHC certified sites containing wildlife enhancement programs in addition to several other sites working towards certification. 7 Form 10-K Part I Product sustainability is another aspect of environmental stewardship. The recycling of aggregates-containing construction materials including concrete rubble and recycled asphalt pavement (RAP) is an important part of our business. The sources of these materials are highway, infrastructure and other demolition projects where concrete structures or asphalt paving is being removed. During 2025, we reused 2.5 million tons of RAP and recycled 1.7 million tons of concrete. The recycling of these aggregates-containing construction materials reduces carbon emissions that impact climate change while providing a valuable service to our customers and communities, extending the life of our aggregates reserves and helping us manage the cost of production. For further discussion of our sustainability initiatives, see the Energy Management and Greenhouse Gas Emissions section later within this Item 1 under Other Business-Related Items. In addition to our commitments to our people, their safety and health, and environmental stewardship, we recognize that our operations shape the communities in which we operate. We engage with neighbors and other stakeholders and develop community relations programs that serve them while ensuring that our business grows and thrives. We leverage our charitable foundation and company funds to support food banks, healthcare services, childhood education and other initiatives. Vulcan's Foundation alone has provided over $75 million over the past 20 years to support education, environmental stewardship, social services, and civic and cultural organizations. In 2025, through our foundation and our employee matching gifts program, we provided over $3.7 million to support education initiatives and scholarships our largest annual contribution to education affirming our continued commitment to helping build stronger communities. Form 10-K 8 Part I PRODUCT LINES Our products are used to build the roads, tunnels, bridges, railroads and airports that connect us, and to build the homes, offices, hospitals, schools, data centers, factories and places of worship that are essential to our lives, our communities and the economy. We have three operating (and reportable) segments (Aggregates, Asphalt and Concrete) organized around our principal product lines. During 2025, we operated 425 active aggregates facilities, 71 asphalt facilities and 76 concrete facilities. Our 2025 total revenues and gross profit by segment are illustrated as follows: 2025 Total Revenues 2025 Gross Profit Aggregates Asphalt Concrete For actual amounts, see Note 15 Segment Reporting in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 1. Aggregates Our construction aggregates are used in a number of ways: as a base material underneath highways, walkways, airport runways, parking lots and railroads to aid in water filtration, purification and erosion control as a raw material used in combination with other resources to construct many of the items we rely on to sustain our quality of life, including houses and apartments; roads, bridges and parking lots; schools and hospitals; commercial buildings and retail space; data centers; sewer systems; airports and runways; and power plants AGGREGATES INDUSTRY Key strengths of the U.S. aggregates industry and our business include: Location and Transportation of Reserves: Aggregates have a high weight-to-price ratio that makes transportation expensive relative to the cost of the material. In most cases, aggregates are produced near where they are used so that the transportation cost does not exceed the product cost. Where practical, we have operations located close to our local markets because the cost of trucking materials long distances is prohibitive. Approximately 80% of our total aggregates shipments are delivered exclusively from the producing location to the customer by truck. Exceptions to this typical market structure include areas along the U.S. Gulf Coast and the Eastern Seaboard where there are limited supplies of locally available, high-quality aggregates. We serve these markets from quarries that have access to cost-effective long-haul transportation, including shipping by barge, rail and our fleet of Panamax-class, self-unloading ships. Additionally, we serve markets in California and Hawaii from our quarry in British Columbia, Canada by means of a long-term marine shipping agreement with CSL Americas. Approximately 15% of our total aggregates shipments are delivered by truck to the customer after reaching a sales yard by rail or water. Less than 5% of aggregates shipments are delivered directly to the customer by rail or water. 9 Form 10-K Part I Transportation costs are passed along to our customers, and because aggregates have a very high weight-to-price ratio, those costs can add up quickly when transporting aggregates long distances. Having the most extensive distribution network of any aggregates producer sets us apart. Combining our trucking, rail, barge and ocean vessel shipping logistics capabilities allows us to provide better customer solutions and create a seamless customer experience at a competitive price. As an approximation, a truck has a capacity of 20-25 tons of aggregates; a railcar has a capacity of 4-5 truckloads; a barge has a capacity of 65 truckloads; and our ocean vessels have the capacity of 2,500 truckloads. Production and sales are currently halted at our Calica operations in Mexico and our Puerto Cort s operations in Honduras. For additional information regarding our Calica operations, see Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Limited Product Substitution: There are limited substitutes for quality aggregates. Recycled concrete and asphalt have certain applications as a lower-cost alternative to virgin aggregates. However, many types of construction projects cannot be served by recycled concrete and require the use of virgin aggregates to meet technical specifications and performance-based criteria for durability, strength and other qualities. Likewise, the amount of recycled asphalt included in asphalt mix as a substitute for aggregates is limited due to specifications. Highly Fragmented Industry: The U.S. aggregates industry is composed of approximately 5,000 companies that operated approximately 11,000 facilities during 2025. This fragmented structure provides many opportunities for consolidation. Companies in the industry commonly enter new markets or expand positions in existing markets through the acquisition of existing facilities. Through strategic acquisitions and investments, we have developed an unmatched coast-to-coast footprint of strategically located permitted reserves concentrated in and serving the nation s key growth centers. We have over 25,000 customers across the markets we serve. Form 10-K 10 Part I Flexible Production Capabilities: The production of aggregates is a mechanical process in which stone is crushed and, through a series of screens, separated into various sizes depending on how it will be used. Direct production costs of aggregates primarily include: a) wages and fringe benefits; b) depreciation, depletion, accretion and amortization of capital (or long-term) assets; c) operating parts and supplies; d) repair and maintenance; e) third-party contracted services and f) energy (primarily electricity and diesel). Production capacity is flexible by adjusting operating hours to meet changing market demand. We are currently operating considerably below full capacity, making us extremely well positioned to further benefit from economies of scale when aggregates demand grows. Raw Material Inputs Largely Controlled: Unlike typical industrial manufacturing industries, the aggregates industry does not require the input of raw material beyond owned or leased aggregates reserves. Stone, sand and gravel are naturally occurring resources. However, production does require the use of explosives, hydrocarbon fuels and electric power. Demand Cycles: Long-term growth in demand for aggregates is largely driven by growth in population, jobs and households. While short-term and medium-term demand for aggregates fluctuates with economic cycles, declines have historically been followed by strong recoveries. The drivers underpinning long-term demand and sustained pricing growth remain firmly in place in both the public and private sectors of the economy. They include: population growth; gains in total employment and in household income; a continuing increase in household formations; the growing need for additional housing stock; a multi-year federal transportation law in place and continuing increases in transportation funding at state and local levels; stable state tax receipts; and a multi-year federal infrastructure investment law and continued political awareness and focus on the need to invest in infrastructure. AGGREGATES MARKETS We focus on the U.S. markets with above-average long-term expected population growth and where construction is expected to expand. We produce and sell aggregates (crushed stone, sand and gravel, sand, and other aggregates) and related products and services in 23 states, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Washington D.C., and the local markets surrounding our operations in Freeport, Bahamas; British Columbia, Canada; and previously Puerto Cort s, Honduras and Quintana Roo, Mexico (see the NAFTA Arbitration section in Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). We serve both the public and the private sectors. Public sector construction activity has historically been more stable and less cyclical than private sector construction, and it generally requires more aggregates per dollar of construction spending. Private sector construction (primarily residential and nonresidential buildings) typically is more affected by general economic cycles than public sector projects (particularly highways, roads and bridges), which tend to receive more consistent levels of funding throughout economic cycles. Highways Other Infrastructure Residential Nonresidential Public Funding Public Funding Private Funding Private / Public Funding Federal State Local Airports Sewer and waste water Water supply Dams Single-family Multi-family Retail Offices Warehouses Manufacturing Schools Healthcare Government buildings Stable Demand Cyclical Demand 11 Form 10-K Part I Public Sector Construction Market Public sector construction includes spending by federal, state and local governments for highways, bridges, buildings, airports, schools, prisons, sewer and waste disposal systems, water supply systems, dams, reservoirs and other public construction projects. Construction for power plants and other utilities is funded from both public and private sources. Public Sector Funding: Generally, public sector construction spending is more stable than private sector construction spending; pub