=== ENTG_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors for a more detailed description of the geopolitical risks we face. Reliance on Trusted Suppliers . Our customers require key materials suppliers to demonstrate greater capabilities and resiliency, including sustainability, scalability, flexible manufacturing, quality control, supply chain management and effective collaboration on solutions. In response to these expectations, we leverage our manufacturing, operational and technical capabilities, along with our broad technology portfolio, to become an increasingly important and strategic trusted partner. We have established tech centers and manufacturing capabilities in strategic locations to better collaborate with and serve our customers. As we achieve greater scale, for example through the acquisition of CMC Materials, we will be able to better serve our customers, invest more in engineering, research and development ( ER D ) and bring complementary, co-optimized solutions to market faster. Continued Consolidation . Our semiconductor customer base has increasingly consolidated through mergers and acquisitions, making the maintenance and development of strong and close customer relationships even more essential. We also seek to broaden our customer base by leveraging our core capabilities, technologies and expertise to address adjacent market opportunities. OUR COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS AND BUSINESS STRATEGY We believe our platform is well-positioned for several reasons. In 2025, our revenue was predominantly unit-driven or recurring from products consumed during semiconductor manufacturing. Our revenue is therefore more impacted by global semiconductor demand and GDP growth than by semiconductor capital equipment sales, which have historically been more cyclical. Our solutions are increasingly specified into our customers manufacturing processes and tailored to their unique process conditions and technical roadmaps. We collaborate closely with our customers to create complementary solutions across platforms and modules, optimizing value and accelerating time to yield. Switching away from our products may be costly and time-consuming for our customers and may introduce risk to their manufacturing yields. Our broad product portfolio is not overly concentrated on any single product or product platform. In 2025, no single product platform represented more than 3% of our net sales. Our customer base is broad and diverse, with customers spanning the semiconductor ecosystem, including chemical companies, equipment manufacturers and semiconductor fabs. We have streamlined our platform to focus on core businesses that we believe have the greatest strategic value in supporting our customers and their technology roadmaps. During 2023 and 2024, we completed the divestitures of QED, our EC business and our PIM business and terminated the Alliance Agreement with MacDermid Enthone. We intend to continue paying down debt while investing in research and development and advanced manufacturing capabilities to maintain and expand our technology leadership and drive organic growth. Customers Collaboration . We believe the strong relationships we have with our customers, including leading logic and memory semiconductor manufacturers, original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and semiconductor materials suppliers, are 4 Table of Contents critical to our long-term success. We have built strong relationships with our customers through our global presence, which allows us to engage with our customers where they operate. For example, we invested in our KSP manufacturing facility in Taiwan and a new research center in South Korea to collaborate locally on solutions for our customers yield, reliability and performance challenges. We actively engage with our key customers to design technology roadmaps tailored to their strategic plans. Our customer relationships provide us with collaboration opportunities at early product design stages in certain cases years ahead of commercialization which enable us to introduce new products and applications that serve their needs. We intend to continue to strengthen these relationships, including through collaborations and joint development activities. Supporting the Integration of New Materials . We understand the significant challenges our customers face as they introduce new materials into advanced semiconductor manufacturing processes. New materials must outperform incumbents and deliver equivalent or higher yields without causing integration issues with other process steps. For example, introducing a new material at the deposition stage impacts CMP, post-CMP cleans, etch and post-etch residue cleans, and filter selection across multiple process stages. We believe our ability to both manufacture new materials and support customers in evaluating how those materials interact with other manufacturing stages is a key value proposition. We leverage our understanding of upstream and downstream interactions between unit process steps to tailor product offerings that lower integration risks. We believe this approach accelerates new material introduction by reducing development cycles and improving time to market and yield for our customers. Technology Leadership and Strong, Diverse Portfolio . Our customers require advanced, customized, reliable and cost-effective products and materials, along with technological and application expertise to enhance their productivity, quality and yield as they advance to next generation technology nodes. We believe our comprehensive offering provides us with a competitive advantage, enabling us to meet a broad range of customer needs and to serve customers across the semiconductor manufacturing ecosystem. To build upon our technology leadership, we have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in ER D initiatives to continue to advance our technology and product offerings, increasingly focusing on meeting the needs of next generation technology nodes. We invested approximately $329.0 million, $316.1 million and $277.3 million on such activities in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing 10.3%, 9.8% and 7.9% of our net sales, in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Recent product introductions include liquid filtration and purification products currently being utilized in 2 nanometer node production, advanced deposition materials for next generation transistor and interconnect technologies, polishing slurry and pad solutions with post-cleaning formulations for advanced memory applications, selective etching formulations for advanced device applications, advanced reticle pods for EUV photolithography applications, advanced 300 millimeter wafer carriers and advanced coatings meeting rigorous defectivity specifications for advanced technology node manufacturing. Global Infrastructure . We maintain a global infrastructure of design, manufacturing, logistics, distribution, service and technical support facilities to meet the needs of our global customers. We further enhanced this footprint with our KSP facility in Taiwan, our new Colorado Springs manufacturing facility, and a new tech center in South Korea. We have also expanded capacity at existing facilities, including liquid filtration in Billerica, Massachusetts and Yonezawa, Japan, deposition materials in Toronto, Ontario, materials handling in Chaska, Minnesota and JangAn, Korea, CMP filter and CMP slurries in Taiwan, SiC slurries in Aurora, Illinois and solid precursors in Burnet, Texas. Operational Excellence . Our customers are increasingly focused on the effectiveness, dependability, resiliency and consistency of their supply chains. Our strategy is to continue to develop our supply chain and manufacturing capabilities into a competitive advantage through operational excellence, ensuring employee safety and product quality. We intend to continue investing in the following priorities: Manufacturing equipment and facilities with leading-edge process technology, including advanced cleanroom and cleaning procedures; Automated manufacturing, statistical process controls and quality and supply chain management systems; and A skilled, agile organization capable of rapid design, prototyping and high volume manufacturing ramp while promptly responding to customer requirements. Leveraging Our Collective Expertise . We leverage expertise across our segments and broad portfolio of advanced materials, materials handling and purification capabilities to create innovative, new and co-optimized solutions addressing unmet customer needs. For example, certain of our formulated cleaning chemistry products are developed by our MS segment with collaboration from our filtration expertise in our APS segment, packaged with our ultra-clean container and connector system, and delivered to the process tools through fluid handling systems each from our APS segment. In the process tools, these cleaning chemistry products, may be purified through systems produced by our APS segment. Our advanced deposition materials business similarly requires cross-segment capabilities, including synthesis of unique molecules, purification of these 5 Table of Contents materials and safe transport and delivery onto the wafer, free from contaminants, at a high throughput. As the semiconductor industry adopts new interconnect metals like molybdenum, our portfolio of deposition precursors, CMP slurries and pads, post-CMP cleans and selective etch formulations, combined with our filtration, sensing and delivery products, enables us to create complementary solutions that enhance device performance and optimize time to yield. Strategic Acquisitions, Partnerships and Related Transactions . We have completed the integration of CMC Materials, which broadened our product and technology capabilities and increased our scale, and we streamlined our portfolio through the divestitures of QED, our EC business and our PIM business and the termination of the Alliance Agreement with MacDermid Enthone. We expect to continue pursuing strategic acquisitions and partnerships to address product offering gaps, secure new customers, diversify into complementary markets, broaden our technological capabilities, access regional markets and achieve scale benefits. We have a strong track record of executing and integrating these transactions. Prior to our acquisition of CMC Materials, we completed numerous small to mid-sized acquisitions that strengthened our product portfolio. We periodically reevaluate existing businesses and may sell, restructure or replace businesses. We also evaluate opportunities for strategic alliances, joint development programs and other strategic investments to achieve a variety of objectives including expanding our manufacturing capacity, producing products closer to our customers, accelerating product development and developing new supply sources. Adjacent Markets . We leverage our semiconductor industry expertise and core capabilities in material science and material purity to develop product extensions for other industries requiring materials integrity management, high-purity fluids and integrated dispense systems. We plan to continue selectively developing product extensions for adjacent markets and, in doing so, seek to increase our total available market and return on ER D investments. Corporate Social Responsibility . Our corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) program is embedded in our business strategy with 2030 goals built around four pillars: Innovation, Safety, Personal Development and Inclusion, and Sustainability. Recent accomplishments include achieving a Gold rating from EcoVadis (96th percentile) and a B rating from the Carbon Disclosure Project ( CDP ). Our annual CSR report is published on our website at http://www.Entegris.com under About Us - Corporate Social Responsibility . OUR SEGMENTS Our business is organized and operated in two segments: Materials Solutions, or MS, and Advanced Purity Solutions, or APS. These segments collaborate to create new and increasingly integrated solutions, for example, leveraging the purification and handling expertise of the APS segment to ensure purity and stability of CMP slurries and cleans solutions from the MS segment and leveraging the advanced materials expertise from the MS segment in formulated cleaning chemistries and in slurry formulation to develop differentiated filtration and purification solutions in the APS segment. The following is a detailed description of our segments. MATERIALS SOLUTIONS SEGMENT MS provides complementary materials solutions for semiconductor manufacturing and advanced packaging, including deposition materials, integrated circuit CMP solutions, high-performance etch and clean chemistries, gases and materials, and safe and efficient materials delivery systems that enhance our customers product performance. Our ability to deliver advanced materials at high purity, together with critical products like CMP slurries and pads, enables our customers technical roadmaps, improves device performance, enhances yields and is critical to leading-edge logic and memory devices. We believe the growing long-term demand in advanced logic and memory, the need for new and innovative materials at advanced nodes with increasingly complex device designs, and the importance of recess chemistries and specialized cleaning solutions will drive demand in our MS segment. Molecular and Engineered Solutions . We offer the following Molecular and Engineered Solutions products: Advanced Deposition Materials Products . Our advanced deposition materials include ultra-pure liquid and solid precursors, including organometallic and inorganic precursors for the deposition of molybdenum, tungsten, titanium, hafnium, zirconium, aluminum and other emerging metal and metal-based films. We also offer organosilane precursors for the deposition of silicon oxide, silicon nitride and advanced dielectric materials films as well as a variety of molecules required to enable area-selective deposition applications. These precursors are designed in close collaboration with OEM process tool manufacturers and device makers to produce application-specific solutions compatible with complex material integrations. We offer delivery systems and containers for reliable storage and delivery of low volatility solid and liquid precursors required in atomic layer deposition processes. Combined with our proprietary corrosion-resistant coatings and filtration solutions, we believe our advanced deposition solutions enable the industry s highest purity levels, improving device performance. 6 Table of Contents Specialty Gases . Our specialty gas solutions provide advanced gas delivery and services for electronics industry applications, specifically implant. Our SDS cylinders safely store and deliver hazardous gases, such as arsine, phosphine, germanium tetrafluoride and boron trifluoride, at sub-atmospheric pressure using our proprietary carbon-based adsorbent materials. These cylinders minimize potential leaks during transportation and use while allowing more gas storage, providing significant safety, environmental and productivity benefits over traditional high-pressure cylinders. We also offer VAC, a complementary technology to SDS, where select implant gases and gas mixtures are stored under high pressure but delivered sub-atmospherically. Specialty Coatings and E-chucks . Our high-performance specialty coatings, including Pegasus and Cearus coatings, provide erosion resistance, minimize particle generation and prevent contamination on critical components in semiconductor and other high-technology manufacturing environments. We also provide electrostatic chucks for core components critical to delivery equipment. Advanced Cleaning Materials . We develop and manufacture high-performance consumable products for cleaning advanced probe cards and test sockets, improving yields and throughput in wafer and package test operations at semiconductor device manufacturers, foundries and outsourced semiconductor assembly and test ( OSAT ) facilities. Formulated Solutions . Our Formulated Solutions business leverages our CMP and related capabilities to provide the following products: CMP Slurries . We develop, produce and sell CMP slurries for polishing a wide range of materials used in semiconductor devices, including tungsten, dielectric materials, copper, barrier, aluminum and other emerging materials. We believe that we are uniquely positioned to develop and optimize new slurries for emerging materials such as molybdenum. Substrates. We also offer slurry products for polishing bare silicon wafers and other ultra-hard surface materials, including SiC and GaN substrates and disk substrates and magnetic heads used in hard disk drives for power electronics and advanced communications end-markets. CMP Pads . CMP pads are critical in the CMP process to flatten and polish wafers and can significantly impact process performance. Our CMP pads, such as our NexPlanar , Medea and Ultra pad products provide the hardness, pore sizes, compressibility and groove patterns required for various CMP applications. Our Epic Power CMP Pads are designed for SiC wafers and offer a balance of best-in-class performance, quality and cost of ownership. Post-CMP Cleans and Brushes . Our post-CMP clean chemistry products, including PlanarClean and ESC 784, efficiently remove abrasive slurry particles and organic residue from wafers after the CMP process without contributing to contamination. In addition, our consumable polyvinyl alcohol roller brush products are used to clean wafers following CMP. Surface Preparation and Integration Products . We offer a range of materials used to prepare semiconductor wafer surfaces during the manufacturing process and to integrate with materials on the wafer. Our etch cleaning solutions address applications including post-etch residue removal, wafer etching, organics removal, resist removal, edge bead removal and corrosion prevention. We also offer selective etch products designed for advanced architectures such as 3D-NAND. Advanced Materials Markets ( AMM ) . AMM develops and sells products to customers in markets outside semiconductor manufacturing. AMM includes our POCO premium graphite products for precision consumable electrodes for electrical discharge machining, hot glass contact materials for glass product manufacturing and forming and other consumable products for various industrial applications, including aerospace, optical, medical devices, air bearings and printing. AMM also provides specialty chemicals and materials for end-markets, including aircraft, aerospace, wound care and medical devices. ADVANCED PURITY SOLUTIONS SEGMENT The APS segment focuses on ensuring critical materials purity. The APS segment offers solutions to ensure the purity of critical liquid chemistries, process gases, wafers and substrates in semiconductor manufacturing and other high-technology industries. Our liquid and gas filtration and purification products are critical to semiconductor manufacturing processes, including photolithography, deposition, planarization and surface etching and cleaning, because they remove nanometer-sized contaminants, reducing defects, improving manufacturing yield and enhancing long-term device reliability. Our microenvironment solutions improve yields by ensuring wafer purity and protecting wafers from contamination and damage during manufacturing and transportation, while our fluid management solutions ensure purity and safe delivery of advanced chemicals from the chemical manufacturer to the point-of-use in the semiconductor fab. 7 Table of Contents We believe the value proposition of materials purity is increasing, in large part due to growing manufacturing complexity, continuous node shrink in logic semiconductors and 3D NAND market expansion, as the risk and cost of contamination-related yield loss grows. Liquid Microcontamination Control Products . We offer products that control contaminants in our customers wet processes in the fab environment and upstream at the chemical manufacturers. Our Torrento filtration solutions are used for aggressive acid and base chemistries for semiconductor fabs and specialty chemical manufacturers, including our MS segment. Our Trinzik and Microgard products filter chemicals and ultra-pure water for high purity chemical manufacturers and semiconductor fabs. Our Impact filtration solutions are used in point-of-use photochemical dispense applications requiring superior flow rate performance and reduced microbubble formation. Our Protego solutions reduce metallic contamination in chemical manufacturing and critical wafer rinsing and drying applications. We also provide membrane and liquid filtration offerings serving semiconductor, pharmaceutical and medical applications. Gas Microcontamination Control Products . We offer a broad portfolio of products designed to remove particulate and molecular contaminants from controlled environments and gas streams in semiconductor, flat panel display and LED fabs. Our Wafergard gas filters reduce outgassing and remove particle contamination. Our GateKeeper gas purifiers and large, facility-wide gas purification systems provide continuous purified gas supply to customer fabs from the point of creation on the gas pads to the point-of-use at the wafer by chemically reacting and absorbing contaminants, effectively removing gaseous contaminants down to part-per-trillion levels. Our Chambergard gas diffusers enable semiconductor equipment manufacturers to rapidly vent tools to reduce process cycle times without adding particles to wafers. Our Vaporsorb products eliminate airborne molecular contamination from critical process tool areas or cleanrooms in the fab. These products are used in or alongside critical processing tools to improve yield and reduce tool downtime. Microenvironment Solutions . Our wafer carriers are high-purity micro-environments that carry wafers between manufacturing process steps, protecting and ensuring purity of wafers throughout the fabrication life cycle. We lead the market for 300 millimeter FOUPs, wafer transport and process carriers and SMIF pods for 200 millimeter wafer applications. Our Ultrapak products for wafers ranging from 100 to 200 millimeters ensure the clean and secure transport of wafers from wafer manufacturers to semiconductor fabs. We also offer a front-opening shipping box ( FOSB ) for the transportation and automated interface of 300 millimeter wafers. Our EUV reticle pod provides defect-free protection of EUV reticles during shipping, storage, handling and vacuum-transferring operations. Fluid Management Products . Our fluid management solutions maximize fab productivity, improve fab yields and reduce cost of ownership throughout bulk chemical delivery, CMP, wet etch and clean and lithography processes. Our packaging and container products, from low-volume containers to transport high-value photoresist chemistries, such as our NOWPak products, to large intermediate bulk containers, such as our FluoroPure products, ensure chemistry purity. We are a leader in high-purity fluid handling products including valves, fittings, tubing, piping and connection systems such as PrimeLock connections, for high-purity chemical applications. Our proprietary digital flow control technology improves chemical uniformity on wafers. Our IntelliGen high-precision liquid dispense systems enable uniform application of advanced chemistries, integrating our valve control expertise with filter device technologies to conserve high-value chemistry and reduce defects. Our instrumentation solutions ensure consistency and monitoring of complex blended chemistries, including our on-tool Accusizer system for automated particle size and count analysis in semiconductor and life science applications, and our SemiChem systems and Invue products for measuring chemical concentration in CMP slurries and formulated cleaning chemistries. OUR CUSTOMERS AND MARKETS Our customers include logic and memory semiconductor device manufacturers, semiconductor equipment makers, gas and chemical suppliers and wafer growers serving the global semiconductor industry. We also serve OSAT facilities, flat panel display manufacturers and hard disk drive component and device makers, as well as customers in solar, life sciences, electrical discharge machining, glass manufacturing, aerospace and biomedical implant manufacturing. The following table shows the percentage of our net sales to top customers and the percentage of our net sales that are domestic and international during the three most recent fiscal years. 8 Table of Contents 2025 2024 2023 Percentage of net sales to top customers: Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) 16% 16% 11% Remaining top ten customers 34% 32% 32% Total top ten customers 50% 48% 43% Percentage of net sales by market: Domestic/U.S. 18% 21% 25% Foreign/International 82% 79% 75% We may enter into supply agreements with our customers, though these agreements typically do not include long-term purchase commitments. Instead, we work closely with our customers to develop non-binding order forecasts, though our customers may cancel orders, adjust quantities, or delay for reasons beyond our control. SALES, MARKETING AND SUPPORT We sell our products through our direct sales force and through strategic independent distributors in all major semiconductor markets. As of December 31, 2025, our sales and marketing force consisted of approximately 700 employees worldwide. Our unique technical capabilities and long-standing customer relationships enable early collaboration with our customers at the product design stage, helping us develop new materials and solutions that address customer challenges, including material selection, integration and contamination risk. Our sales representatives provide global technical support. We believe that our technical and application support services are important to our sales and marketing efforts, including needs assessments, product and material evaluations, system design, user training and regulatory compliance assistance. Additionally, our field application engineers in the major markets we serve work directly with our customers on product qualification and process improvements. We maintain a network of service centers, applications laboratories and technology centers in key U.S. and international markets to support our products and our customers with their advanced development needs, provide local technical service and application support and ensure fast turnaround. COMPETITION The market for our products and solutions is highly competitive. While price is an important factor, we compete primarily on the basis of the following factors: technical expertise; time to solution; product quality and performance; complementary solutions; advanced manufacturing capabilities; supply chain resiliency; total cost of ownership; breadth of geographic presence; historical customer relationships; customer collaboration, service and support; and breadth of product offerings; after-sales service. We believe we compete favorably based on these factors. We believe that our key competitive strengths include our broad product offerings, our strong ER D infrastructure, our manufacturing excellence, our quality control systems, low total cost of ownership of our products, our close collaboration on customer technical roadmaps and our deep applications expertise in semiconductor manufacturing processes. However, our competitive position varies by market segment and specific product area. The competitive landscape is varied, ranging from business segments within large multinational companies to small regional or regionally-focused companies. While product quality and technology remain critical, industry trends indicate a shift to localized, cost-competitive and consolidated supply chains. Because of the unique breadth of our capabilities, we believe that there are no global competitors that compete with us across the full range of our product offerings. Notable competitors with respect to our reporting segments include: 9 Table of Contents Advanced Purity Solutions Materials Solutions Pall Corporation (part of Danaher Corporation) EMD Performance Materials division of Merck KGaA Shin-Etsu Polymer Co. Ltd. Qnity Electronics, Inc. Cobetter Filtration Electronics Advanced Materials division of Air Liquide Gudeng Precision Industrial Linde plc Aicello Corporation Anji Microelectronics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd Mersen ENGINEERING, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT We believe that technology is critical to our success. We plan to continue to invest significantly in ER D, balancing short-term market needs with longer-term initiatives. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 1,600 employees in ER D. We supplement internal efforts by licensing third-party technology and acquiring rights to products with externally owned technologies. ER D expenses include personnel costs, direct and indirect project development costs and outside service providers. We believe we have a rich pipeline of development projects. Our ER D efforts focus on developing and improving our technology platforms for semiconductor and advanced processing applications and identifying and developing products for new applications, often working directly with our customers to address their particular needs. We have ER D capabilities in many locations where our customers operate, including Taiwan, South Korea, the U.S., Japan, Canada, China, Singapore and Malaysia. Using sophisticated methodologies, we research, develop and characterize our materials and products to reduce risks to the integrity of critical materials that our customers use in their manufacturing processes. In addition, we collaborate with leading universities and industry consortia including Stanford, Yale, MI