=== HPE_2025-12-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation,” and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report Form 10-K. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Risks Related to Our Business Strategy and Industry • Our success depends on our ability to successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering solutions as-a-Service, effectively planning and managing our resources, and continuing to develop and manage our offerings to integrate new features and solutions. • We depend on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers (including original equipment and original design manufacturers), as well as single-source and limited source suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage these third party relationships effectively. • System security risks, data protection incidents, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or IT services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our stock price. • We operate in an intensely competitive industry, and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance • Any failure by us to identify, manage, and complete acquisitions and subsequent integrations (including the integration of Juniper Networks following the Merger), divestitures, and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business, prospects, and stock price. • Uncertainty and fluctuations in geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. • If we experience or fail to properly manage disruption in the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer. • Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. • Long sales and implementation cycles for our offerings and dynamics related to large orders may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter. • Our uneven sales cycle and supply chain disruptions make planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. • Our ability to achieve our strategy could be harmed if we are unable to attract, retain, train, motivate, develop, and transition key personnel. • Risks arising from climate change and the transition to a lower-carbon economy may impact our business. Risks Related to Our Technology and Business Operations • Issues in the development and use of artificial intelligence may result in reputational harm, liability, or impact to our results of operations. • Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license, or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend. 17 Table of Content • Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes and the laws and regulatory regimes applying to international transactions or other factors could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses, financial condition, and results of operations. • We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our cost reduction actions, some or all of which may be disruptive to our business. • Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties. • We rely on the performance of our business systems and processes, as well as those of third-parties with whom we do business. • If we cannot continue to produce quality products and services, our reputation, business, and financial performance may suffer. • Our sustainable and responsible business expectations and actions towards achieving our Living Progress objectives may expose us to operational, legal, or reputational risks and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. Financial Risks • Our revenue, profitability, and margins have historically varied, and we expect them to continue to vary over time. • We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. • Adverse developments affecting our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs, and access to capital markets could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations or those of the third parties with whom we do business. • Our debt obligations may adversely affect our business and our ability to meet our obligations and pay dividends. • We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations. • Declaration, payment and amounts of dividends, if any, to holders of our shares will be uncertain. Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risks • Unfavorable results of legal proceedings, investigations, and other disputes could harm our business and result in substantial costs. • Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, including patent infringement, are commonplace in our industry and successful third-party claims may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services. • Our business is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations that could result in costs or other sanctions that adversely affect our business and results of operations. • Contracts with federal, state, provincial, and local governments are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business. • Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our financial performance. Risks Related to Prior Separations • We continue to face a number of risks related to our separation from HP Inc., our former parent, including those associated with ongoing indemnification obligations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and shared use of certain intellectual property rights, which could in the future adversely impact our reputation. General Risks • Our stock price has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate, which may make future prices of our stock difficult to predict. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. 18 Table of Content Risks Related to Our Business Strategy and Industry Our success depends on our ability to successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering solutions as-a-Service, effectively planning and managing our resources, and continuing to develop and manage our offerings to integrate new features and solutions. Our long-term go-to-market strategy is focused on leveraging our portfolio composed of hardware, software, and services as we deliver global edge-to-cloud platform as-a-Service (“aaS”) to help customers accelerate outcomes by unlocking value from their data, everywhere. We offer a substantial portion of our portfolio through a range of subscription and consumption-based offerings. We will also continue to provide our hardware and software in capital expenditure and license-based models, to give our customers choices in consuming HPE products and services. Following the acquisition of Juniper Networks on July 2, 2025 (the “Merger”), we seek to enhance our networking solutions by offering secure, unified cloud and AI-native networking to enhance innovation across edge to cloud. To successfully execute our strategy in a rapidly evolving market, we must maintain effective planning, forecasting, and management processes to enable us to continue to improve cost structures, align sales coverage with strategic goals, improve channel execution, and strengthen our capabilities in our areas of strategic focus, while continuing to pursue new product innovation in areas such as edge computing, hybrid cloud, AI, high performance computing, and networking. We must also make sufficient long-term investments in strategic growth areas to develop, obtain, and protect our intellectual property, and commit to transition significant research and development (“R&D”) and other resources before knowing whether our projections will align with customer demand for our solutions. We anticipate adapting our go-to-market structure from time-to-time with new approaches to sales and marketing, to better align with aaS business models and to capture unique market opportunities, such as in hybrid cloud, AI, and AI-native networking. This incremental capital investment approach may require additional sales, marketing, or other expenses that negatively impact cash flows in the near term. Further, should such efforts fail to produce actionable insights, or our offerings not perform as designed or promised, our business results and financial condition may be adversely affected. Our ongoing process of improving HPE GreenLake; expanding our offerings across all our businesses (including cloud, AI, and networking offerings); enhancing existing hardware, software, and cloud-based solutions; and developing and improving the systems necessary for new and evolving data-intensive AI-based workloads are all complex, costly, and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately, to invest sufficiently in strategic growth areas, or to otherwise successfully execute this strategy could significantly harm our market share, results of operations, and financial performance. Having developed a cloud platform product in HPE GreenLake and the hardware capabilities to support AI computing, we must be able to continue integrating new features that are relevant to our customers and to scale quickly, while also managing costs and preserving margins, which means accurately forecasting volumes, mixes of products, and configurations that meet customer requirements. In addition, through HPE Networking we now offer a full networking IP stack: from silicon, to infrastructure, to the operating system, to security, to software and services, in a cloud-native and AI-driven approach following the Merger. The process of integrating and streamlining our offerings (including integrating Juniper Networks’ offerings with ours) or developing new solutions based on our respective technological portfolios may be complex, costly, time-consuming, and uncertain, and failure by us to successfully do so could adversely impact our future results of operations and financial performance. These offerings face competition from peer companies, and any delay in our development, production, or marketing of a new product, service, or solution could result in our offerings being late to reach the market, which could harm our competitive position. These offerings also depend on the continued growth of demand for secure network and internet protocol (“IP”) infrastructure from customers that are able to build their network capacity, grow their IP services, and choose to deploy our products in their networks and IP infrastructures. There is no assurance that we will be able to implement these adjustments in a timely or cost-effective manner, or that we will be able to realize all or any of the expected benefits from them. Our HPE GreenLake and networking solutions generally are multiyear agreements, which result in recurring revenue streams over the term of the arrangement. As customer demand for our aaS offerings increases, we have experienced, and will continue to experience, differences in the timing of revenue recognition between our traditional offerings (for which revenue is generally recognized at the time of delivery) and our aaS offerings (for which revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the contract). As such, our financial results and growth depend, in part, on customers continuing to purchase our services and solutions over the contract life on the agreed terms. Additionally, implementing this business model means that our historical results, especially those from before the Merger, may not be indicative of future results, which may adversely affect our ability to accurately forecast our future operating results. Our aaS offerings also could subject us to increased risk of liability related to the provision of services as well as operational, technical, legal, regulatory, or other costs. 19 Table of Content We depend on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers (including original equipment and original design manufacturers), as well as single-source and limited source suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage these third party relationships effectively. Our operations depend on our ability to anticipate our needs for components, products, and services, as well as the ability of our manufacturers (including original equipment manufacturers, original and outsourced design manufacturers, and contract manufacturers), and suppliers to deliver sufficient quantities of quality components, products, and services at reasonable prices and in time for us to meet critical schedules for the delivery of our own products and services. Given the wide variety of solutions that we offer; the large and diverse distribution of our suppliers and contract manufacturers; and the long lead times required to manufacture, assemble, and deliver certain products and solutions, problems in production, planning, and inventory management have harmed our business at times, and may do so again in the future. Any delay in our ability to produce and deliver our products could cause our customers to purchase alternative products from our competitors. Manufacturing and supply problems that we have faced, and could face in the future, are described below. • Manufacturing Issues. We may experience supply shortfalls or delays in shipping products to our customers if our manufacturers experience delays, disruptions, or quality control problems in their manufacturing operations, or if we have to change or add manufacturers or contract manufacturing locations. We have contracts with our manufacturers that include terms to protect us in the event of an early termination or breach, yet we may not have adequate time to transition all of our manufacturing needs to an alternative manufacturer under comparable commercial terms. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, an increase in the expected time required to manufacture our products or ship products. Moreover, a significant portion of our manufacturing is performed in foreign countries. The manufacture of product components, the final assembly of our products and other critical operations are concentrated in certain geographic locations, including the United States, Puerto Rico, Vietnam, Thailand, Costa Rica, Brazil, Czech Republic, Malaysia, Mexico, China, Taiwan, India, South Korea, Saudi Arabia, and Singapore. We also rely on major logistics hubs, which are strategically located near manufacturing facilities in the major regions and in proximity to HPE’s distribution channels and customers. These operations are therefore subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the U.S., including trade restrictions and related costs, government sanctions, disruptions to our supply chain, cyberattacks, cyberwarfare, pandemics, regional health emergencies, regional climate-related events, or regional conflicts. Other critical business operations and some of our suppliers are located in California and Asia, near major earthquake faults known for seismic activity. Our operations could be adversely affected if manufacturing, logistics, or other operations in these locations are disrupted for any reason or due to natural disasters and public health issues in the United States, Puerto Rico, and China. • Supply Chain Disruption. Any disruptions to our supply chain, significant increase in component costs or logistics costs, or shortages of critical components, could decrease our sales, earnings, and liquidity or otherwise adversely affect our business and result in increased costs. Disruptions could occur as a result of any number of events, including, but not limited to: an extended closure of, or any slowdown at our suppliers' plants or shipping delays; market shortages due to the surge in demand from other purchasers for critical components; increases in prices (including fuel prices and increases in prices due to inflation); the imposition of regulations, quotas, embargoes, or tariffs on components; labor stoppages; transportation delays, including due to labor strikes; third-party interference in the integrity of the products sourced through the supply chain; cyberattacks; the unavailability of raw materials; severe weather conditions and adverse effects of climate change, or natural disasters; geopolitical developments, war or terrorism; and disruptions in utilities and other services, some of which we have experienced. In addition, the development, licensing, or acquisition of new products in the future may increase the complexity of supply chain management. Failure to effectively manage the supply of components and products would adversely affect our business. Our ongoing efforts to geographically diversify and optimize the efficiency of our supply chain could cause supply disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming, and resource-intensive than expected, and such impacts may be more pronounced as a result of increased tariffs between the U.S. and its trading partners. In this environment of heightened trade restrictions, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, cost increases from certain of our suppliers that result in price increases for some of our offerings and could subsequently limit demand for such offerings. If we are unable to pass on all or some of such cost increases to our customers, such increased prices may reduce our current margins and future margins. Furthermore, certain of our suppliers have discontinued conducting business with us or failed to perform under their contracts with us. • Component Supply Shortages . We provide demand forecasts for our products to our manufacturers, who order components and plan capacity based on these forecasts. We have experienced, and may experience again in the future, delays and shortages of certain components as a result of strong demand, supplier transitions, raw material or capacity constraints, and other problems experienced by suppliers in certain geographies and markets, resulting in insufficient 20 Table of Content supply to meet total market demand. We have experienced shortages or delays, which led to higher prices of certain components and exposure to quality issues and delivery delays, and may experience such delays and associated impacts in the future. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices, of acceptable quality, or at all, to build products or provide services in a timely manner in the quantities needed or according to our specifications. Accordingly, our business and financial performance could suffer from a loss of time-sensitive sales, additional freight costs incurred, or the inability to pass on price increases to our customers. If we cannot adequately address supply issues, we may have to reengineer some product or service offerings, which could result in further costs and delays. • Excess Supply. In order to secure components for our products or services, at times we have made advance payments to suppliers or entered into long term agreements, non-cancellable commitments, or other inventory management arrangements with vendors. In addition, we have also, at times, purchased components strategically in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing, to address concerns about the availability of future components, or to prepare to fulfill large orders. If our manufacturers assess charges, we have liabilities for excess inventory or raw materials (each of which could negatively affect our gross margins), we fail to adequately anticipate customer demand and overestimate our requirements, continue to take actions to make strategic purchases in advance of demand, or these dynamics are exacerbated due to order delays or cancellations, a temporary oversupply may result in excess or obsolete components, which may result in additional charges from our manufacturers, or we may have liabilities for excess inventory or raw materials, each of which could negatively affect our gross margins. We have experienced adverse impacts to our business and financial performance due to excess supply and could do so again in the future. • Contractual Terms . As a result of binding long-term price or purchase commitments with vendors, we may be obligated to purchase components or services at prices that are higher than those available in the current market and be limited in our ability to respond to changing market conditions. If we commit to purchasing components or services for prices in excess of the then-current market price, we may be at a disadvantage to competitors who have access to components or services at lower prices, our gross margin could suffer, and we could incur charges relating to inventory obsolescence. • Single-Source Suppliers. We obtain certain components from single-source suppliers due to technology, availability, price, quality, scale, or customization needs. Certain single source suppliers have discontinued, and may again in the future discontinue, manufacturing components used in our products, which may cause us to discontinue certain products, incur additional costs to redesign our products so as not to incorporate such discontinued components, or incur time and expense to find replacement suppliers. Replacing a single-source supplier has at times delayed, and could delay, production of some products as replacement suppliers may initially be unable to meet demand or be subject to other output limitations. In addition, we may purchase components from single-source suppliers under agreements that contain favorable pricing and other terms for us, but allow the supplier to modify or terminate the contract with limited notice to us and with little or no penalty. The performance of such single-source suppliers under those agreements (and the renewal or extension of those agreements upon similar terms) may affect the quality, quantity, and price of our components. The loss of a single-source supplier, the deterioration of our relationship with a single-source supplier, or any unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which we receive components from a single-source supplier could adversely affect our business and financial performance. • Alternative Sources of Supply . The development of alternate sources for components is time-consuming, complex, and costly. For some components, such as customized components, alternative sources may not exist, we may not be able to locate alternative sources in a timely manner, or we may be unable to secure quantities of those components necessary to satisfy our production requirements. As a result, if an existing source of supply is unable to provide components in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements on a timely basis, we may not be able to deliver, or be delayed in delivering, products and services to our customers, which may affect present and future sales. If we are unable to buy components in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver products and services to our customers, which would seriously affect present and future sales, and would, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. • Contingent Workers. We also rely on third-party suppliers for the provision of contingent workers, and our failure to effectively manage our use of such workers could adversely affect our results of operations. We have been exposed to various legal claims relating to the status of contingent workers in the past and could face similar claims in the future. We may be subject to shortages, oversupply, or fixed contractual terms relating to contingent workers. Our ability to manage the size and cost of our contingent workforce may be subject to additional constraints imposed by local laws. 21 Table of Content System security risks, data protection incidents, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or IT services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our stock price. In the ordinary course of business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, personal data, our proprietary business information and that of our employees, contractors, customers, vendors, partners, suppliers, and other third parties with whom we do business. In addition, we store sensitive data through cloud-based services that may be hosted by third parties and in data center infrastructure maintained by third parties. We have been, and expect to be, subject to cyberattacks and other attempted intrusions into our networks and systems by a wide range of actors, including, but not limited to, nation state actors, criminal enterprises, terrorist organizations, and other organizations or individuals, as well as errors, wrongful conduct or malfeasance by employees and third-party service providers, (collectively, “malicious parties”) who have at times been able to circumvent or bypass our cyber security measures. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may also heighten the risk of such cyberattacks or exacerbate system vulnerabilities, considering our continued hybrid work environment and our globally dispersed operations, employees, contractors, suppliers, developers, partners, and other third parties. Despite our security measures, our information systems, infrastructure, and data have experienced security incidents and breaches and may be subject to or vulnerable to security incidents and breaches in the future, including ransomware and distributed denial-of-service attacks. These attacks have not resulted in material negative impacts to HPE, nor have any of HPE’s consumers, customers, or employees informed HPE that these attacks resulted in material harm to them. While we investigate and remediate incidents, there can be no assurance that we can remediate all incidents completely, that we won’t make errors or fail to take necessary actions, or that the threat actor will not identify alternative means of intrusion or opportunities to otherwise utilize the information it accessed to adversely affect our business or results of operations. It may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks, limiting our ability to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, regulators, and the public. The costs associated with cybersecurity tools and infrastructure and competition for cybersecurity and IT talent have limited, and may in the future continue to limit, our ability to efficiently identify, eliminate, or remediate cyber or other security vulnerabilities or problems or enact changes to minimize the attack surface of our network. Furthermore, our efforts to address these problems, at times, have not been, and may in the future not be, successful and have resulted and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service, compromise of sensitive information, and loss of existing or potential customers, any of which may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. Additional impacts from cybersecurity incidents have included and could include reimbursement of remediation costs to our customers, suppliers, or distributors; lost revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract business partners following an incident; increased insurance premiums; and damage to our competitiveness, reputation, stock price, and long-term shareholder value. To the extent we carry insurance coverage for such possibilities, we cannot be certain that any such coverage will be adequate or otherwise protect us with respect to claims, expenses, fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, litigation, regulatory actions, or other impacts arising from security breaches or incidents, or that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all. The cybersecurity threat landscape is rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated, and there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures will be sufficient to address future threats or remediate future incidents. Further, there has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of attacks, and we expect these activities 

=== HPE_2026-06-02.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended October 31, 2025, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock, including certain risks, which have been modified as follows: System security risks, data protection incidents, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or IT services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our stock price. In the ordinary course of business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, personal data, our proprietary business information and that of our employees, contractors, customers, vendors, partners, suppliers, and other third parties with whom we do business. In addition, we store sensitive data through cloud-based services that may be hosted by third parties and in data center infrastructure maintained by third parties. We have been, and expect to be, subject to cyberattacks and other attempted intrusions into our networks and systems by a wide range of actors, including, but not limited to, nation state actors, criminal enterprises, terrorist organizations, and other organizations or individuals, as well as errors, wrongful conduct or malfeasance by employees and third-party service providers, (collectively, “malicious parties”) who have at times been able to circumvent or bypass our cyber security measures. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may also heighten the risk of such cyberattacks or exacerbate system vulnerabilities, considering our continued hybrid work environment and our globally dispersed operations, employees, contractors, suppliers, developers, partners, and other third parties. Despite our security measures, our information systems, infrastructure, and data have experienced security incidents and breaches and may be subject to or vulnerable to security incidents and breaches in the future, including ransomware and distributed denial-of-service attacks. These attacks have not resulted in material negative impacts to HPE, nor have any of HPE’s consumers, customers, or employees informed HPE that these attacks resulted in material harm to them. While we investigate and remediate incidents, there can be no assurance that we can remediate all incidents completely, that we won’t make errors or fail to take necessary actions, or that the threat actor will not identify alternative means of intrusion or opportunities to otherwise utilize the information it accessed to adversely affect our business or results of operations. It has taken and may continue to take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks, limiting our ability to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, regulators, and the public. The costs associated with cybersecurity tools and infrastructure and competition for 62 Table of Contents cybersecurity and IT talent have limited, and may in the future continue to limit, our ability to efficiently identify, eliminate, or remediate cyber or other security vulnerabilities or problems or enact changes to minimize the attack surface of our network. Furthermore, our efforts to address these problems, at times, have not been, and may in the future not be, successful and have resulted and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service, compromise of sensitive information, and loss of existing or potential customers, any of which may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. Additional impacts from cybersecurity incidents have included and could include reimbursement of remediation costs to our customers, suppliers, or distributors; lost revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract business partners following an incident; increased insurance premiums; and damage to our competitiveness, reputation, stock price, and long-term shareholder value. To the extent we carry insurance coverage for such possibilities, we cannot be certain that any such coverage will be adequate or otherwise protect us with respect to claims, expenses, fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, litigation, regulatory actions, or other impacts arising from security breaches or incidents, or that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all. The cybersecurity threat landscape is rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated, and there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures will be sufficient to address future threats or remediate future incidents. Further, there has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of attacks, and we expect these activities to continue to increase, including malicious actors potentially leveraging AI to develop malicious code or sophisticated phishing attempts. It is possible that such incidents may embolden other malicious actors to perpetrate future attacks that may result in material misappropriation, system disruptions or shutdowns, malicious alteration, or destruction of our confidential or personal information or that of third parties. Additionally, the proliferation of generative AI models within the internal systems, processes, and tools of HPE, our suppliers, our customers, or other third parties with whom we do business may create new attack methods for threat actors. The emergence of deepfakes and advanced social engineering tactics presents new challenges in preventing deception and unauthorized access, underscoring the importance of advanced verification and detection mechanisms. Zero-day vulnerabilities may include newly discovered security flaws in software that are exploited before patches are released, requiring proactive monitoring and immediate remediation efforts. Quantum computing also presents an evolving risk to our business as quantum computing capable of breaking current cryptographic methods may become available sooner than previously anticipated. Such advances in computing capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, or other developments may have the potential to break traditional cryptographic methods on which we rely, thereby necessitating the shift to quantum-resistant encryption techniques. We may need to expend significant resources to evaluate and transition certain cryptographic implementations to quantum-resistant techniques and these actions may not be sufficient to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by any breach of our systems or data. Malicious parties may continue to be able to otherwise develop and deploy viruses, worms, ransomware, and other malicious software programs, including those enabled by AI, that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products, including within our cloud-based environments and offerings, such that we may be unable to anticipate such malicious parties’ techniques, implement adequate preventative measures, or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis even if our security measures are appropriate, reasonable, and comply with applicable legal requirements. Advanced persistent threats can include highly sophisticated intrusions by threat actors aiming to establish prolonged access within our network. Such intrusions have in the past gone, and could in the future go, undetected in our environments for a period of time, and we may discover additional impacts of earlier incidents that we believe were remediated including where combinations of otherwise low severity vulnerabilities are exploited together in unforeseen ways. Given r