=== HPE_2025-12-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of Part I of this report and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and in other filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Hewlett Packard Enterprise assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. 2 Table of Content PART I ITEM 1. Business Hewlett Packard Enterprise is a global technology leader focused on developing intelligent solutions that allow customers to capture, analyze and act upon data seamlessly from edge to cloud. We enable our customers to accelerate business outcomes by driving new business models, creating new customer and employee experiences, and increasing operational efficiency today and into the future. Our customers range from small-and-medium-sized businesses to large global enterprises and governmental entities. Our legacy dates back to a partnership founded in 1939 by William R. Hewlett and David Packard, and we strive every day to uphold and enhance that legacy through our dedication to providing innovative technological solutions to our customers. We use the terms Hewlett Packard Enterprise, HPE, the Company, we, us, and our to refer to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company. Our Strategy Over the last several years, HPE has observed megatrends around networking, cloud, data, and artificial intelligence ( AI ) emerging to shape customer expectations for enterprise technology. The megatrends are ushering in long-lasting changes to how enterprises are consuming technology and setting up their IT infrastructures, including accelerating implementation of AI and hybrid multi-cloud adoption. Data at the edge is increasing exponentially, and in this data disaggregated environment, enterprises need a holistic and integrated cloud experience to manage their distributed data and workloads. AI has emerged as a powerful tool to more intelligently and quickly deliver meaningful business insights and opportunities. As such, customers across industry verticals are interested in incorporating AI into their operations and unifying all of their applications and data with a consistent cloud experience, both of which require a secure, reliable, and intelligent network infrastructure. We have deployed a strategy that seeks to capitalize on these emergent megatrends and deliver a data-first modernization approach for customers. Our innovative solutions are deployed across networking, cloud, and AI use cases, and have shifted our mix of products and services and the way we deliver that mix to customers. We have also evolved our business to a platform-based model, fueled by a portfolio that is richer in software and services. Networking has become truly mission critical, not just for connecting infrastructure, data and users, but also for powering the next wave of AI-driven innovation across a variety of every industries. The AI market requires a modern and high-performing networking fabric as a core foundation to deliver a more efficient data-center cloud, which we offer through our AI-native portfolio of networking solutions. We intend to drive innovation through AI for Networks which we define as using AI to make networks smarter and Networks for AI which builds the foundational infrastructure for next-generation AI applications. Our acquisition of Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") advances this strategy giving HPE a full networking technology stack and enabling us to deliver secure, AI-driven networking solutions. In cloud, we have redefined this portion of the market by delivering an experience that is hybrid by design with our HPE GreenLake cloud. As a centerpiece of our strategy, it accelerates multi-generation IT transformation through a unified cloud-native and AI-driven experience that empowers customers to access, analyze, and extract value from their data across public clouds, data centers, colocation facilities, and at the edge. The HPE GreenLake cloud is designed to deliver a seamless hybrid experience with true pay-per-use consumption and automated scalability. We continue to evaluate and expand upon HPE GreenLake s capabilities with new software offerings and virtualization solutions to accelerate higher-margin growth. In addition, HPE is driving a transition to proprietary HPE-developed storage solutions that enhance profitability and reduce reliance on third-party products. We recognize that the AI market will be driven by computational capability, data-intensive workloads, and the need for specialized architecture. In AI infrastructure, HPE is focused on sovereign and enterprise customers, leveraging our supercomputing heritage and turnkey AI factory solutions, including HPE Private Cloud AI and scalable AI servers. With decades of large-scale infrastructure expertise defining our offerings, including technologies like fanless direct liquid cooling that power our largest AI systems, HPE s server business supports both traditional servers and those that enable AI workloads. We complement this expertise with our market-leading supercomputing portfolio of HPE Cray EX solutions and systems. HPE ProLiant servers and rack scale solutions deliver sustainable accelerated computing for training and inferencing deployed at scale across the market. We believe that we are differentiated from our competition by a unique and compelling value proposition in the growing AI market through our intellectual property portfolio, trusted expertise, and long-term sustained market leadership in supercomputing. An additional point of differentiation for HPE is our global manufacturing services footprint, which allows us to compete around the world. 3 Table of Content Finally, our financial services business complements our solution offerings by helping customers unlock financial capacity. This business offers customers the ability to accelerate adoption of AI through financing options from us as well as through IT life cycle services. Our Business Segments, Products and Services Our operations are organized into five reportable business segments: Server, Hybrid Cloud, Networking, Financial Services, and Corporate Investments and Other. The classes of similar product categories within each segment which accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net revenue in each of the past three years were as follows: Fiscal 2025 - Server products, Networking products Fiscal 2024 - Server products, Server services, Networking products, Hybrid Cloud products Fiscal 2023 - Server products, Networking products, Server services, Hybrid Cloud products The Company had one distributor which represented approximately 10% of the Company's total net revenue in fiscal 2025, primarily within the Server and Networking segments. A summary of our net revenue, earnings from operations and assets for our segments can be found in Note 2, Segment Information, to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. A discussion of certain factors potentially affecting our operations is set forth in Item 1A of Part I, Risk Factors. Server The Server segment consists of general-purpose servers for multi-workload computing, workload-optimized servers to deliver the best performance and value for demanding applications, and integrated systems comprised of software and hardware designed to address High-Performance Computing and Supercomputing (including exascale applications), AI, Data Analytics, and Transaction Processing workloads for government and commercial customers globally. This portfolio of products includes the secure and versatile HPE ProLiant Rack and Tower servers; HPE Synergy, a composable infrastructure for traditional and cloud-native applications; HPE Scale Up Servers product lines for critical applications, including large enterprise software applications and data analytics platforms; HPE Edgeline servers; HPE Cray EX; HPE Cray XD (formerly known as HPE Apollo); and HPE NonStop. The Server segments offerings also include operational and support services sold with systems and as standalone services. Hybrid Cloud The Hybrid Cloud segment offers a wide variety of cloud-native and hybrid solutions across storage, private cloud, and the infrastructure software-as-a-service ( SaaS ) space. Storage includes data storage and data management offerings with the HPE Alletra Storage portfolio; unstructured data solutions and analytics for AI; data protection and archiving; and storage networking. It also includes AI-native, networking operations ( AIOps )-driven intelligence with HPE InfoSight and HPE CloudPhysics. In private cloud, the HPE GreenLake offerings include new cloud-native offerings and capabilities for virtual machines, containers, and bare metal; a full suite of private cloud offerings that enable customers to self-manage or choose a fully managed experience: and a portfolio of world-class Private Cloud AI infrastructure delivered as-a-service ( aaS ). This segment also provides self-service private cloud on-demand with HPE GreenLake for Private Cloud Business Edition, which includes an integrated VM Essentials virtualization software. Infrastructure software includes monitoring and observability for day two operations and beyond through our acquisition of OpsRamp and unified data access through HPE Ezmeral Data Fabric and analytics suite, which helps move and transform data for use in AI and other applications. The Hybrid Cloud segment also includes data lifecycle management and protection through our suite of offerings, including Zerto Disaster Recovery. Networking The Networking segment develops and sells high-performance networking and security products and services that empower customers of all sizes to build scalable, reliable, secure, agile, and efficient automated networks. Our platforms are purpose-built using AI to deliver secure and sustainable user experiences from the edge to the data center and cloud. Our solutions include hardware products, such as Wi-Fi and private cellular access points; QFX, EX, and CX switches; MX and PTX routers; and gateways. Additionally, HPE provides software products, such as Mist and Aruba Central for cloud-based and on-premise management, network access control, software-defined wide area networking, network security, analytics and assurance, and private cellular core software. We also offer a variety of services, including professional, maintenance, and support services; management software; and education and training programs, as well as aaS and flexible consumption models through the HPE GreenLake platform. 4 Table of Content Financial Services The Financial Services ( FS ) segment provides flexible investment solutions, such as leasing, financing, IT consumption, utility programs, and asset management services for customers that facilitate unique technology deployment models and the acquisition of complete IT solutions, including hardware, software, and services from Hewlett Packard Enterprise and others. The FS segment also supports financial solutions for on-premise flexible consumption models, such as the HPE GreenLake cloud. Corporate Investments and Other The Corporate Investments and Other segment includes the Advisory and Professional Services business, which primarily offers consultative-led services, HPE and partner technology expertise and advice, implementation services as well as complex solution engagement capabilities, and Hewlett Packard Labs, which is responsible for research and development ( R D ). Segment Realignments Effective at the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal 2026, HPE implemented an organizational change by (i) merging the Server, Hybrid Cloud, and Financial Services business segments into a new segment named Cloud AI and (ii) transferring the Telco and Instant On businesses from the Networking segment to the Corporate Investments and Other segment. As a result, the Company s organizational structure beginning in fiscal 2026 consists of the following segments: (i) Networking; (ii) Cloud AI; and (iii) Corporate Investments and Other, and the Company will begin reporting under this re-aligned segment structure beginning with the results of the first quarter of fiscal 2026. Our Strengths We believe that we possess a number of competitive advantages that distinguish us from our competitors, including: Strategic, comprehensive portfolio. HPE concentrates its portfolio around the megatrends of networking, cloud, and AI, as we believe that these three strategic IT markets each serve as an essential building block for modern IT infrastructures and strategies. HPE s portfolio of solutions is designed to help customers accelerate digital transformation and unlock AI-driven business outcomes. Our ability to combine our software-defined infrastructure, proprietary storage innovations like Alletra MP, and turnkey AI solutions, such as HPE Private Cloud AI, with high-value consulting and support services, is one of our principal differentiators. AI-native networking leadership. With the acquisition of Juniper Networks, HPE now has a full-stack portfolio spanning campus and branch, data center switches, wide-area routing, and secure access services edge ( SASE ) solutions. HPE s networking offerings are designed both with AI (leveraging AIOps) and for AI (delivering high-performance networks that maximize GPU utilization and minimize AI job completion times). With this positioning, we aim to capture business in AI data center networking and hybrid cloud environments. We expect the integration of Juniper Networks will also bring expanded R D scale and go-to-market reach, enabling faster innovation across networking, silicon, systems, and software. Unified, open platform. As enterprises become increasingly distributed and data-intensive, our unified platform enables customers to more securely access, control, and extract value from their workloads across networking, data center, colocation, and cloud environments. This shift demands a unified cloud platform that can put the agility and intelligence close to customers data sources to create real-time insights everywhere. We believe the cloud experience should be open and seamless across all our customers' clouds, rather than requiring customers to be locked into a cloud stack. Differentiated consumption-based IT solutions. Enterprises of various sizes are looking to digitally transform in order to develop next-generation cloud-native applications, create actionable insights from their data, and drive business growth, but they face many challenges including lack of in-house IT skills, limited budgets and options for financing, and lack of flexibility to choose the technology foundation that best meets their needs. Consumption-based IT offers solutions to these challenges by providing greater agility, which empowers people to shift from managing infrastructure to driving innovation by leveraging insights from their data, while also eliminating capital and operating expenses tied to infrastructure over-provisioning. Global distribution and partner ecosystem. We have extensive experience in delivering innovative technological solutions to our customers in complex multi-country, multi-vendor, and/or multi-language environments. We have expansive go-to-market capabilities, including a large ecosystem of channel partners, which enables us to market and deliver our product offerings to customers located virtually anywhere in the world. Our HPE GreenLake cloud provides open cloud application programming interfaces to our partners, enabling them to better offer their unique solutions to customers. 5 Table of Content Custom financial solutions. Through our FS business, we help customers create investment capacity to accelerate their transformations by helping them free up capital, capture value from older assets, achieve sustainability goals, invest in new technologies aaS, and weather financial volatility. This business is also an enabler of our consumption-based IT models, in that it helps spread our upfront solution costs over the duration of the customer contract. Through our Technology Renewal Centers, we are helping customers achieve their own sustainability goals by refurbishing technology assets for reuse. Multi-year innovation roadmap. We have been in the technology and innovation business for more than 80 years, during which time we have continued to evolve and innovate to meet customers changing IT needs. Our vast intellectual property portfolio and global research and development capabilities are part of a broader innovation roadmap designed to help organizations take advantage of the expanding amount of data available and leverage the latest technology developments, such as cloud, artificial intelligence, supercomputing, and cybersecurity to drive business transformations now and in the future. Strong balance sheet: We have also historically had a strong balance sheet and liquidity profile that is underpinned by a disciplined capital allocation framework and robust governance. While we are currently carrying larger-than-normal debt balance due to the acquisition of Juniper Networks, we are prioritizing de-leveraging and remain committed to retaining our investment-grade credit rating. Experienced leadership team. Our management team has an extensive track record of performance and execution in the IT industry. We are led by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Antonio Neri, who has proven experience in developing transformative business models, building global brands, and driving sustained growth and expansion in the technology industry. Mr. Neri's experience includes nearly 30 years combined at HPE and Hewlett-Packard Company ( HP Co. ) in various leadership positions. Our senior management team has many years of experience in our industry and possesses extensive knowledge of and experience in the enterprise IT business and the markets in which we compete. Sales, Marketing, and Distribution We manage our business and report our financial results based on the segments described above. Our customers are organized by commercial and large enterprise groups, including business and public sector enterprises, and purchases of our products, solutions and services may be fulfilled directly through us or indirectly through a variety of partners, including: resellers that sell our products and services, frequently with their own value-added products or services, to targeted customer groups; distribution partners that supply our solutions to resellers; for select countries, master area partners who manage our local market presence and operate all aspects of in-country business, including all local customer and partner relationships, on our behalf; original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) that integrate our products and services with their own products and services, and sell the integrated solution; independent software vendors that provide their clients with specialized software products and often assist us in selling our products and services to clients purchasing their products; systems integrators that provide expertise in designing and implementing custom IT solutions and often partner with us to extend their expertise or influence the sale of our products and services; and advisory firms that provide various levels of management and IT consulting, including some systems integration work, and typically partner with us on client solutions that require our unique products and services. The mix of our business conducted by direct sales or through our sales channel differs substantially by business and region. We believe that customer buying patterns and different regional market conditions require us to tailor our sales, marketing, and distribution efforts accordingly. We are focused on driving the depth and breadth of our coverage, in addition to identifying efficiencies and productivity gains, in both our direct and indirect businesses. This has resulted in a combined go-to-market model, in which we have a direct sales presence in a number of countries, while we sell and deliver our products, solutions, and services through a channel-only model in the remaining countries. In those countries where we have a direct sales presence, we typically assign an account manager to manage relationships across our business with large enterprise customers as well as with large public sector accounts. The account manager is supported by a team of specialists with product and services expertise that drives share of wallet expansion across our portfolio, pursue new customer acquisitions and strengthen our position against pure play providers. For other customers, our businesses collaborate to manage relationships with commercial resellers targeting smaller accounts, both in the commercial and public sector space. 6 Table of Content Manufacturing and Materials We utilize a significant number of original and outsourced design manufacturers and outsourced contract manufacturers around the world to design or assist in the design and manufacture of HPE-branded products or to manufacture HPE-branded products that HPE designs. The use of outsourced design and contract manufacturers is intended to generate cost efficiencies and reduce time to market for our products, as well as create manufacturing flexibility in our supply chain and processes. In some circumstances, third-party OEMs produce products that we purchase and resell under our brand. In addition to our use of outsourced design and contract manufacturers, we currently manufacture a limited number of finished products from components and subassemblies that we acquire from a wide range of vendors. Historically, we have utilized two primary methods of fulfilling demand for products: building products to order and configuring products to order. We build products to order to maximize manufacturing and logistics efficiencies by producing high volumes of basic product configurations. Alternatively, configuring products to order enables units to match a customer's particular hardware and software customization requirements. Our inventory management and distribution practices in both building products to order and configuring products to order seek to minimize inventory holding periods by taking delivery of the inventory and manufacturing shortly before the sale or distribution of products to our customers. We purchase materials, supplies, and product subassemblies from a substantial number of vendors. For most of our products, we have existing alternate sources of supply or such alternate sources of supply are readily available. However, we do rely on single-source suppliers for certain customized parts (although some of these sources have operations in multiple locations in the event of a disruption) and a disruption or loss of a single-source supplier could delay production of some products. In some instances, our single-source suppliers (e.g., Intel and AMD as suppliers of certain x86 processors Broadcom and others for industry standard Application-Specific Standard Product, or NVIDIA for Graphics Processing Units) are also the single-source suppliers for the entire market; disruptions with these suppliers would result in industry-wide dislocations and therefore would not disproportionately disadvantage us relative to our competitors. Like other participants in the IT industry, we ordinarily acquire materials and components through a combination of blanket and scheduled purchase orders to support our demand requirements for periods averaging 90 to 120 days. From time to time, we experience significant price volatility or supply constraints for certain components that are not available from multiple sources due to certain events taking place where our suppliers are geographically concentrated. When necessary, we are often able to obtain scarce components for somewhat higher prices on the open market, which may have an impact on our gross margin, but does not generally disrupt production. We also acquire component inventory in anticipation of supply constraints, or enter into longer-term pricing commitments with vendors to improve the priority, price, and availability of supply. See Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading We depend on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers (including original equipment and original design manufacturers), as well as single-source and limited source suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage these third party relationships effectively. We rely on proactive inventory buffering measures in order to position ourselves well for availability of those components. We intend to take additional inventory actions as appropriate in alignment to the market demand, and plan to continue leveraging strong partnerships and long-term agreements with our suppliers. Backlog Backlog represents the price of orders related to current or prior periods for which work has not been performed, or goods have not been shipped or delivered as of the end of the applicable reporting period. Orders reflected in backlog are subject to adjustment, including as a result of delivery schedule changes, or rebookings, cancellations, and fulfillment issues, which can result in delays in shipment that would, thereby elevate backlog. As such, we believe that our backlog at any given date may not be a reliable indicator of future results. Our backlog is impacted by many factors, including but not limited, to the global trade landscape and our demand profile. We are facing challenges in global logistics due to uncertainty around tariffs and geopolitical tensions. Our overall demand pipeline is stable, although demand across our AI product portfolio, including for high performance graphics and accelerated processing units, continues to be somewhat uneven due to the lumpiness of deals that have caused, and may continue to cause, fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. AI systems demand in the midst of persisting data center space availability constraints continued to drive significant AI backlog. The supply and demand environment for GPUs continues to remain uneven as the market navigates transition to next generation GPUs. These dynamics have resulted in our inventory levels being elevated at times during fiscal 2025 as compared to prior periods, and we will continue to closely monitor inventory levels. For further discussion on the risks and uncertainties related to backlog, see the section entitled Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 7 Table of Content International Our products and services are available worldwide. We believe geographic diversity allows us to meet demand on a worldwide basis for our customers, draws on business and technical expertise from a worldwide workforce, provides stability to our operations, provides revenue streams that may offset geographic economic trends, and offers us an opportunity to access new markets for maturing products. A summary of our domestic and international results is set forth in Note 2, Segment Information, to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. Approximately 61% of our overall net revenue in fiscal 2025 came from sales outside the United States. For a discussion of certain risks attendant to our international operations, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes and the laws and regulatory regimes applying to international transactions or other factors could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses, financial condition, and results of operations and We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk in Item 7A of Part II, and Note 13, Financial Instruments, to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Research and Development Innovation is a key element of our culture and critical to our success. Our R D efforts are focused on designing and developing products, services, and solutions that anticipate customers' changing needs and desires and emerging technological trends. Our efforts also are focused on identifying the areas where we believe we can make a unique contribution and where partnering with other leading technology companies will leverage our cost structure and maximize our customers' experiences. Expenditures for R D were $2.5 billion in fiscal 2025, $2.2 billion fiscal 2024, and $2.3 billion in fiscal 2023. We anticipate that we will continue to have significant R D expenditures in the future to support the design and development of innovative, high-quality products, services, and solutions to maintain and enhance our competitive position. Included in the R D work currently taking place at the Company are the following initiatives: In Server, we are developing high-quality next-generation compute solutions that encompass servers, server-attached options, and software, integrating the latest industry technology and aligning with our customers' evolving needs. Furthermore, we are advancing our SaaS capabilities by creating cloud-native, cloud-based server management solutions to enhance our existing portfolio. In the high-performance computing and AI sector, our investments are focused on pioneering leadership class computing solutions that deliver superior performance and efficiency. These solutions feature leading edge silicon architectures, high-speed interconnects, advanced storage and innovative direct liquid cooling. Our R D efforts in the realm of AI are particularly robust, with new server solutions designed for AI inference engines and integrated into HPE Private Cloud AI for inferencing, retrieval augmented generation, and model fine-tuning. Large-scale model training and tuning, including natural language processing, large language models, and multi-modal training for models with trillions of parameters are supported by our leading AI solutions. These efforts are bolstered by the development of high-performance computing tools, cloud-native and scalable cluster management software, and transaction processing software, which have been instrumental in achieving our milestone of delivering the world's first exascale supercomputer. In Hybrid Cloud, we are investing in a comprehensive portfolio of storage and private cloud technologies and capabilities that are focused on enabling customers to transform through the power of data and AI, modernize their IT infrastructure and simplify hybrid operations, delivering a cloud operational experience via the HPE GreenLake cloud. We continue to invest in the storage portfolio aligned with customers evolving data and AI needs. We have extended the deployment model from on-premise and cloud-adjacent to include software-defined cloud native deployments in Amazon Web Services. In private cloud, we are developing fully integrated hardware-software offers that simplify day-to-day management, operations, and data protection and enable an on-premise public-cloud like experience, while addressing security, privacy, governance, and regulatory compliance needs. This investment includes airgapped/disconnected offers and offers for heavy data traffic and latency requirements at the edge. In the AI space, we have invested in building turn-key integrated systems co-engineered with Nvidia that integrate HPE AI hardware and software technologies with Nvidia technologies to radically increase time to value of generative AI ( GenAI ) capabilities optimized for inferencing, retrieval augmented generation, and model fine-tuning. We have expanded our cloud observability and orchestration capabilities and virtualization options through the acquisitions of OpsRamp (observability) and Morpheus (orchestration), extending our ability to simplify IT complexity in multi-cloud and multi-vendor environments. Finally, we have been rapidly developing HPE VM Essentials, an enterprise-grade hypervisor for virtual machines, along with the ability to manage cloud-native applications using containerization, or specialized workload needs with bare metal as a service. 8 Table of Content In Networking, we are investing in a broad portfolio of networking and security capabilities, addressing campus, branch, data center, wide area networking, and cloud use cases. We are leveraging AI to enhance network performance and reliability through predictive analytics, automated fault detection, and intelligent traffic management supporting scalable, self-optimizing infrastructure aligned with customer demands. We are expanding our wireless access portfolio to include new Wi-Fi (e.g., Wi-Fi 7) and private cellular (4G, LTE, and 5G) products to complement our existing portfolio. We have expanded our security capabilities delivering stand-alone SSE; and integrating security with our software-defined wide area network ( SD-WAN ) capabilities to deliver a single-vendor SASE solution. As part of that, we are also expanding our extensive Firewall portfolio. We are also expanding our wide area networking product offering, and leveraging the same AI platform as our wireless and wired switching portfolio. In our Ethernet Switch portfolio, we are investing in new Data Center Networking platforms and features to expand our total addressable market to complement the campus and branch segment. Our high-throughput, low-latency networking solutions are foundational to AI workloads, enabling efficient data movement across distributed systems and accelerating model training and inference at scale. We also are investing in automation, machine learning, and AI-based network operations to optimize user experience and improve operator efficiency, which is expected to provide manageability across our entire portfolio, including Wireless LAN, Ethernet switching, SD-WAN, and security. At Hewlett Packard Labs, we drive disruptive innovation and applied research in collaboration with HPE business groups and a broader innovation ecosystem. Our goal is to deliver differentiated and impactful intellectual property. Our research agenda focuses on developing technologies in the areas of AI, networking and fabrics, security, novel accelerators, quantum computing, future system architectures, and sustainability. For a discussion of risks attendant to our R D activities, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Our success depends on our ability to successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering solutions as-a-Service, effectively planning and managing our resources, and continuing to develop and manage our offerings to integrate new features and solutions. Patents and Licenses Our general policy is to seek patent protection for those inventions likely to be incorporated into our products and services or where obtaining such proprietary rights will improve our competitive position. As of October 31, 2025, our worldwide patent portfolio included approximately 21,000 issued and pending patents. Patents generally have a term of up to 20 years from the date they are filed. As our patent portfolio has been built over time, the remaining terms of the individual patents across our patent portfolio vary. We believe that our patents and patent applications are important for maintaining the competitive differentiation of our products and services, enhancing our freedom of action to sell our products and services in markets in which we choose to participate, and maximizing our return on research and development investments. No single patent is in itself essential to our company as a whole or to any of our business segments. In addition to developing our patent portfolio, we license intellectual property from third parties as we deem appropriate. We have also granted and continue to grant others licenses and other rights under our patents when we consider these arrangements to be in our interest. These license arrangements include a number of cross-licenses with third parties. We also integrate licensed third-party technology into certain of our products. From time to time, we need to renegotiate such aforementioned licenses or license additional technology from third parties to develop new offerings, enhance existing offerings, or facilitate new business models. There can be no assurance that third-party licenses will be available, or will continue to be available to us, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to maintain or re-license any third-party licenses required and/or used in our products or our inability to obtain third-party licenses necessary to develop new products and product enhancements could require us to obtain substitute technology of lower quality or performance standards or at a greater cost, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For a discussion of risks attendant to intellectual property rights, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license, or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend and Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties. Seasonality From time to time, the markets in which we sell our products, services, and solutions experience weak economic conditions that may negatively affect sales. We also experience seasonal trends in the sale of our products and services. For example, European sales are often weaker in the summer months, and we tend to experience stronger customer demand in fourth quarters. Historical patterns or experiences of seasonality should not be considered a reliable indicator of our future net revenues or financial performance. See Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the 9 Table of Content heading Our uneven sales cycle and supply chain disruptions make planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. Competition We have a broad technology portfolio of enterprise IT infrastructure products, solutions, and services, including our aaS offerings, and these offerings encounter strong competition. We compete primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use of our products, account relationships, customer training, service and support, security, and the availability of our IT infrastructure offerings. The markets in which we compete are characterized by strong competition among major corporations with long-established positions and a large number of new and rapidly growing firms. Within these markets, most product life cycles are relatively short, and to remain competitive, we must develop new products and services, continuously enhance our existing products and services, and compete effectively on the basis of the factors listed above, among others. In addition, we compete with many of our current and potential partners, including OEMs that design, manufacture, and market their products under their own brand names. Our successful management of these competitive partner relationships is critical to our future success. Moreover, we anticipate that we will have to continue to adjust prices on many of our products and services to stay competitive. The competitive environments in which our segments operate are described below: Server business operates in the highly competitive AI and enterprise data center infrastructure market and the market for data-intensive, high-performance supercomputing, analytics, and exascale compute solutions, which are characterized by rapid and ongoing technological innovation. Our primary competitors in data center infrastructure are technology vendors, such as Dell Technologies Inc., Super Micro Computer, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., and Lenovo Group Ltd. In certain regions, we also experience competition from local companies and from generically branded or white-box manufacturers. Our primary competitors in high-performance infrastructure include technology vendors that can design and build solutions that deliver performance scalability and the connectivity necessary to handle super-compute and exascale workloads, such as Dell Technologies Inc., Super Micro Computer, Inc., Lenovo Group Ltd., Fujitsu Network Communications, Inc., and Atos Information Technology Incorporated. In our software platform for AI model development and deployment, we both compete and cooperate with cloud service providers and start-up companies that deliver platforms for AI model training, tuning, and inferencing. Our strategy is to deliver superior products, high-value technology support services, and differentiated integrated solutions that combine our infrastructure, software, and services capabilities. Our competitive advantages include our broad end-to-end solutions portfolio, supported by our strong intellectual property portfolio and research and development capabilities, coupled with our global reach and partner ecosystem. Hybrid Cloud is our private cloud services solutions business consisting of HPE s GreenLake and Storage solutions and associated private cloud software offerings. Hybrid cloud solutions enable HPE to take care of the infrastructure, so customers can focus on managing workloads and fostering innovation. Our primary competitors are other infrastructure and cloud management software technology vendors, such as Broadcom, Cisco Systems Inc., Dell Technologies Inc., IBM, NetApp Inc., Nutanix, and Pure Storage and public cloud vendors like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Our strategy is to deliver a secure and scalable cloud-like experience across any application or mission-critical workload traditional or cloud-native. Networking operates in the highly competitive networking and connectivity infrastructure market, which is characterized by rapid and ongoing technological innovation and price competition. Our primary competitors are technology vendors, such as Cisco Systems, Inc., Arista Networks Inc, Nokia Corporation, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., Ciena Corporation, NVIDIA Corporation, Extreme Networks, Inc., Palo Alto Networks, Fortinet, Inc., Zscaler, Inc., Netskope, Inc., Ruckus Networks, and Ubiquiti and networking-as-a-service vendors such as Nile and Meter. As networks continue to be central to IT transformations to enable AI-driven use cases, customers require solutions that offer secure end-to-end connectivity and a network experience that meets their target business outcomes. Our strategy is to deliver solutions for high-performance, end-to-end networks that are easy to deploy and scale, resolve issues quickly and proactively assure network performance that meets business outcomes and are secure by design. We do this through our AIOps platform, superior products, and differentiated AI-enabled support for secure local-area networks (wireless, wired, software-defined, wide-area, next-generation firewalls, network access control, and SSE), wide-area networks that leverage our superior routing and security technology, and data-center networking for both automated datacenters and clusters of accelerated compute for the next-generation of AI workloads. Our competitive advantage includes our broad end-to-end solutions portfolio, supported by our strong intellectual property portfolio and research and development capabilities, coupled with our global reach and partner ecosystem. Financial Services primarily competes with captive financing companies, such as IBM Global Financing, Dell Financial Services, and Cisco Capital, as well as banks and other financial institutions. Our primary IT Asset Disposition ( ITAD ) 10 Table of Content competitors are ERI, Ingram Micro, Sage Sustainable Electronics, and Sims Recycling Solutions. We believe our competitive advantage over banks, other financial institutions, and ITAD providers is our ability to bring together our investment solutions with our expertise in managing technology assets. Not only are we able to deliver investment solutions that help customers create unique technology deployments based on specific business needs, but we also help them extract value from existing IT investments while more efficiently managing the retirement of those assets. All of these solutions can help customers accelerate digital transformation, create new budget streams, and meet Circular Economy objectives. For a discussion of certain risks attendant to these competitive environments, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading We operate in an intensely competitive industry, and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance. Human Capital Resources At HPE we are united by our purpose, which is to advance the way people live and work. We believe technology s greatest promise lies in its potential for positive change. This is the guidepost for each decision we make at HPE. We believe it not only helps guide our contribution to society, but also makes good business sense. Our company strives to be an engine of innovation, and our approximately 67,000 employees as of October 31, 2025, are proud of the ways our technology enables our customers to achieve meaningful outcomes like curing disease, modernizing farming, addressing world-hunger, and democratizing transportation through autonomous vehicles. Our Culture - We recognize that talent and culture are integral to the success of HPE and our ability to fulfill our purpose. We have identified four key cultural beliefs that guide how we lead on a daily basis: accelerating what s next, bold moves, the power of yes we can, and being a force for good. We embed these beliefs in a deep-rooted DNA that puts customers first, enabling us to partner, innovate, and act with integrity. HPE has remained committed to its focus on internalizing these values into a vibrant culture that delivers a superior team member experience and a highly engaged workforce, driving improvements across our communications, our reward programs, our talent/performance programs, and our work environment. Through such efforts, we aim to foster a collaborative, inclusive, and inspiring experience for all our team members and to make HPE a destination for talent while driving high-performance and growth opportunities for our team members, and innovation and excellence for our customers. In the midst of the above, we regularly seek feedback from our team members to better understand and improve their experiences and identify opportunities to continually strengthen our culture. Unconditional Inclusion - At HPE, we are committed to cultivating inclusion and advancement by empowering all team members to contribute a breadth of perspectives, ideas, and experiences that fuel innovation and strengthen our business. Unconditional Inclusion is ingrained in our cultural blueprint and in the behaviors that we expect from all team members. Our leadership is directly engaged in making HPE an inclusive workplace for all. We hold various types of listening sessions so HPE leaders can hear real-time feedback from team members about their workplace experiences, identify areas of concern, and capture ideas on how to move forward together. This input helps us refine and continuously improve our programs, policies, and practices. We continue to develop new and inclusive pipelines of talent in science, technology, engineering, and math ( STEM ) professions through our dedicated HPE STEM Discovery Program. This program equips and enables HPE team members to serve as STEM education and digital volunteers in their local communities, exposing learners to cutting-edge technology and raising awareness about careers in technology. We promote inclusive behaviors throughout each stage of the talent lifecycle from identifying and recruiting candidates to fostering their growth enabling us to attract, retain, and develop talent. We implement accountability frameworks that reinforce how every team member, spanning from executive to the most junior employee, is expected to foster an environment where everyone feels respected, included, and valued for their contributions. We developed an Inclusivity Index using data from our Voice of the Workforce survey to help us measure important indicators, including how respected and valued all team members feel for contributing a broad range of perspectives and ideas. Our Board, Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ), and Executive Committee model high standards for our efforts to drive an unconditionally inclusive environment and oversee efforts throughout the Company leadership to continuously develop their inclusive leadership acumen. Talent - We are dedicated to attracting, developing, and retaining top talent through substantial investment. Our commitment extends to all career stages. We establish transparent goals, promote accountability, and continuously evaluate and nurture talent. About 94% of employees engaged in HPE s My Success Plan program, which entails informal and formal 1:1 conversations with leaders, centered on performance, progress, and career aspirations. We have consistently achieved over 90% formal conversation completion rates. The dynamic nature of our industry allows team members to thrive in their current roles while acquiring new skills. Over the past year, our approximately 67,000 team members completed over 721,000 online and instructor-led courses across various categories, including leadership, inclusion, professional skills, technical training, and compliance. We are particularly focused on identifying and cultivating the next generation of exceptional leaders, emphasizing technical expertise. Our annual talent and succession review, conducted with our CEO and Executive Committee, aims to accelerate talent development, enhance succession pipelines, and improve inclusivity in our key positions. 11 Table of Content Pay Equity - We believe people should be paid equitably for what they do and how they do it, regardless of their gender, race, or other personal characteristics. We maintain policies to promote equal pay, and we regularly review our global pay practices with an aim to pay team members in similar roles and locations commensurately with their experience and responsibilities. We partner with independent third-party experts to conduct pay assessments and identify unexplained gaps between our present state and our goal of equitable pay treatment for all team members. Where these reviews identify such gaps at a country-wide level, we adjust compensation to eliminate the gap. Our most recent pay equity review demonstrated that we have achieved pay parity for base compensation and bonus targets between male and female team members in the U.S., and a dozen additional countries throughout the world, when accounting for job title, time-in-role, experience, and location. We conduct a number of compensation analyses in other countries to provide competitive and equitable pay. Work That Fits Your Life - This global initiative, which was launched in 2019, is an important example of how HPE is investing in our culture and creating a team member experience that aims to make HPE a destination of choice for the best talent in the industry. It includes an industry-leading paid parental leave program (minimum 6 months), part-time work opportunities for new parents or team members transitioning to retirement, and Wellness Fridays that allows team members a full Friday off four times per year to focus on their well-being. The HPE Global Wellness Program is a comprehensive program that promotes overall health and well-being by providing team members with programs and resources that offer flexibility built around team member needs while continuing to deliver on critical business results. The program consists of four pillars: physical health, financial well-being, mental and emotional health, and community well-being. Additionally, we offer a hybrid work environment for the majority of our team members, encouraging two days in the office per week for collaboration. Total Rewards - HPE requires a uniquely talented workforce and is committed to providing total rewards that are market-competitive and performance-based, designed to drive innovation and operational excellence. Our compensation programs, practices, and policies reflect our commitment to reward short- and long-term performance that aligns with, and drives stockholder value. Total direct compensation is generally positioned within a competitive range of the market median, with differentiation based on tenure, skills, proficiency, and performance to attract and retain key talent. Board Oversight - Our Board of Directors oversees our human capital management strategy and programs. Our HR and Compensation Committee provides oversight of our human resources and workforce management programs, including but not limited to those related to corporate culture; compensation plans and policies; inclusion; and talent acquisition, development, and retention. HPE s strong and healthy culture is critical to accelerating what s next for our customers and partners and the success of our company. We believe that a workforce that is energized and more engaged will fuel our ability to pivot and grow, which will, in turn, power the next chapter at Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Environmental Sustainability Living Progress is our business strategy for creating more sustainable and responsible IT solutions that meet the technology demands of the future, while advancing the way people live and work. Anchored to our edge-to-cloud offerings and bolstered by our sustainability credentials, our Living Progress strategy provides us with a competitive advantage in the market as we help our customers pursue their business objectives through more efficient and sustainable practices. A legacy of sustainability leadership supports talent acquisition and retention and enables ongoing access to global markets. The HPE Board of Directors, including through its committees, provides oversight of our Living Progress strategy, risks, practices, policies, and disclosures, to support integration with our core business strategy. Sustainability performance is a core discipline within HPE, and HPE will continue to work towards our ambitions and progressing our targets. In 2025, the majority of our greenhouse gas emissions resulted from our customers' use of our products and solutions. The rising demand for compute-intensive technologies particularly those that support artificial intelligence is contributing to increased energy consumption across the technology sector, presenting decarbonization challenges for leading solutions providers such as HPE. Accordingly, we are committed to delivering products and solutions that may help our customers minimize the electricity consumption and carbon footprints of their IT estates while also enhancing productivity, and potentially reducing costs. For instance, the latest generation of HPE ProLiant Gen 12 Servers enables customers to consolidate and grow compute capabilities, while potentially lowering the use and cost of power and cooling. To enable market access across the globe and aid customers in selecting more sustainable IT solutions, many of our products are certified by eco-labels, such as the Electronic Product Environment Assessment Tool, Energy STAR, China SEPA, and the China Energy Conservation Program. Supply Chain Responsibility and Human Rights We manage our supply chain to help reduce risk, improve product quality, achieve environmental and social goals, and improve overall performance and value creation for our customers, partners, and suppliers. We are conscious of the importance 12 Table of Content of fostering the responsible use of our products. In an effort to prevent intended and unintended harm, we continue to consider who purchases our offerings and how they are used by, among other things, limiting features, including responsible use clauses, monitoring for risk of alternate end uses, and promoting deployment of AI with safeguards, such as user training and ongoing checks and refinement to mitigate bias and improve accuracy. Human rights principles are embedded in how we do business, and we are committed to holding our entire value chain to high ethical standards that respect such principles. We have processes in place to enable the early detection of forced labor and have implemented due diligence procedures to monitor and help prevent human rights violations or abuses at our suppliers and in our operations. Additionally, through our Responsible Minerals Program, we work to advance the responsible sourcing of minerals used in our products and within our supply chain. HPE aims to demonstrate respect for the human rights of all individuals in our value chain and where we live and work, with particular concern for identifying, understanding, and reducing the risk of negative impact to those most vulnerable to those impacts. We are also committed to the responsible and ethical development and deployment of new technologies to advance how we live and work, and we continue to build on our existing responsible development work, particularly in relation to AI. We have an executive level AI Ethics Responsibility Committee and an operational AI Ethics Working Group, through which we aim to align the development, deployment, and use of AI with HPE's AI Ethics Principles, promoting privacy-enabled and secure, human focused, inclusive, robust, and responsible use of AI. In 2022, we refined our approach to assessing ethical AI and rolled out AI Ethics Principles training. In 2023, we further advanced this initiative by operationalizing our principles for: Products (AI we develop), Processes (AI we source to use), and Partnerships (AI we source to incorporate into our solutions). In 2024, we rolled out a broader AI Governance model and developed tools to drive efficiency in the AI ethics assessment process. Material Government Regulations Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, and our products and services are governed by a number of rules and regulations. Costs and accruals incurred to comply with these governmental regulations are presently not material to our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position. Although there is no assurance that existing or future government laws applicable to our operations, services or products will not have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position, we do not currently anticipate material expenditures for government regulations. Nonetheless, as discussed below, we believe that global trade and certain environmental regulations could potentially materially impact our business. Environment Our products and operations are, or may in the future be, subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the environment, including, among others, laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water; supply chain due diligence, and sustainability, environment and emissions-related reporting; the management, movement, and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites; product compliance and safety, such as repairability, chemical composition, packaging and labeling; energy consumption of our products and services; and the manufacture and distribution of chemical substances. We proactively evaluate, and at times replace materials in our products and supply chain, taking into account, among other things, published lists of substances of concern, new and upcoming legal requirements, customer preferences and scientific analysis that indicates a potential impact to human health or the environment. We are also subject to legislation in an increasing number of jurisdictions that makes producers of electrical goods, including servers and networking equipment, subject to certain repairability requirements or financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment, and disposal of past and future covered products. We are also subject to standards set by public and private entities related to sustainability issues such as energy consumption, carbon emissions, reusing or recycling. Finally, as climate change and other environmental-related laws, regulations, treaties, and similar initiatives and programs are adopted and implemented throughout the world, we will be required to comply or potentially face market access limitations or other sanctions, including fines. In the event our products are impacted by these laws or standards, our products could be restricted from entering certain jurisdictions or from being procured by certain governments or private companies, and we could face other sanctions, including fines. However, we believe that technology will be fundamental to finding solutions to achieve compliance with and manage those requirements, and we are collaborating with industry, business groups and governments to find and promote ways that our technology can be used to address climate change and other environmental-related issues, and to facilitate compliance with related laws, regulations and treaties. We are committed to maintaining compliance with all environmental and environmental-related laws applicable to our operations, products and services, and to reducing our environmental impact across all aspects of our business. We support this commitment with a range of comprehensive policies, including relating to environmental, health and safety, climate, water, and electronic waste; a strict 13 Table of Content environmental management of our operations and worldwide environmental programs and services; an extensive supply chain responsibility program; and an approach to ethical standards and strong governance that are the foundations of our business. Global Trade As a global company, the import and export of our products and services are subject to laws and regulations including international treaties, U.S. export controls and sanctions laws, customs regulations, and local trade rules around the world. Such laws, rules, and regulations may delay the introduction of some of our products or impact our competitiveness through restricting our ability to do business in certain places or with certain entities and individuals, or the need to comply with domestic preference programs, laws concerning transfer and disclosure of sensitive or controlled technology or source code, unique technical standards, localization mandates, and duplicative in-country testing and inspection requirements. The consequences of any failure to comply with domestic and foreign trade regulations could limit our ability to conduct business globally. We continue to support open trade policies that recognize the importance of integrated cross-border supply chains that will continue to contribute to the growth of the global economy and measures that standardize compliance for manufacturers to ensure that products comply with safety and security requirements. For a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact us, see Regulatory and Government Risks within Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional Information This Annual Report on Form 10-K may include trademarks and trade names owned by other parties, and all other such trademarks and trade names mentioned in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. Information about our Executive Officers The following are our current executive officers: Name Age Position Antonio Neri 58 President and Chief Executive Officer Marie Myers 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John F. Schultz 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating and Legal Officer Stacy Dillow 51 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer Maeve Culloty 47 Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer of HPE Financial Services Fidelma Russo 62 Executive Vice President, General Manager of Hybrid Cloud, and Chief Technology Officer Neil B. MacDonald 57 Executive Vice President and General Manager of Server Rami Rahim 54 Executive Vice President, President and General Manager of Networking Jeremy K. Cox 48 Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer Kirt P. Karros 56 Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Head of Corporate Development Antonio Neri; President and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Neri has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since June 2017 and February 2018, respectively. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Enterprise Group from November 2015 to June 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Neri served in a similar role for HP Co.'s Enterprise Group from October 2014 to November 2015. Mr. Neri served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the HP Servers business unit from September 2013 to October 2014 and concurrently as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the HP Networking business unit from May 2014 to October 2014. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the HP Technology Services business unit from August 2011 to September 2013 and as Vice President, Customer Services for the HP Personal Systems Group from 2007 to August 2011, having first joined HP Co. in 1996. Since December 2017, Mr. Neri has served as a director of Elevance Health, Inc. (formerly Anthem, Inc.), a health insurance provider in the U.S. Marie Myers; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ms. Myers has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2024, responsible for leading all aspects of our finance and strategy organizations. She partners closely with the CEO to develop and execute the 14 Table of Content long-term strategy for the Company. Prior to that, she served as the Chief Financial Officer of HP Inc. from February 2021 to January 2024, as well as numerous other leadership positions at HP Inc.: Interim Chief Financial Officer from October 2020 to February 2021, Chief Transformation Officer from June 2020 to February 2021, and Chief Digital Officer from March 2020 to October 2020. Prior to that, she served as Chief Financial Officer of UiPath, Inc., a robotic process automation company, from December 2018 to December 2019. John F. Schultz; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating and Legal Officer Mr. Schultz has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating and Legal Officer since July 2020, responsible for overseeing all aspects of our operations and shaping our operational strategies. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and Secretary from December 2017 to July 2020 and as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from November 2015 to December 2017, performing a similar role at HP Co. from April 2012 to November 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Schultz served as Deputy General Counsel for Litigation, Investigations and Global Functions at HP Co. from September 2008 to April 2012 and as a partner in the litigation practice at Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP, a law firm, where, among other clients, he supported HP Co. as external counsel on a variety of litigation and regulatory matters. Stacy Dillow; Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer Ms. Dillow has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer since May 2025, leading the global HR function, driving business growth and transformation through employee engagement; performance-led talent management; comprehensive rewards; and culture development. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Fluor Corporation, an engineering and construction company, from September 2019 to April 2025. Prior to that, she served as the Head of Supply Chain Transformation for Southeast Asia and Australia at Unilever from 2017 to September 2019. Maeve Culloty; Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer of HPE Financial Services Ms. Culloty has served as Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer of HPE Financial Services since May 2025. In this role, she leads HPE Financial Services, the global financing and asset management organization that supports HPE s broader technology and financial strategy and helps customers and partners accelerate their transformation. Prior to that, Ms. Culloty served as Vice President and Chief of Staff to President and CEO Antonio Neri, from November 2022 to February 2025. Prior to that, Ms. Culloty served, as Managing Director of HPE Ireland, with responsibility over HPE s financial performance in that geography, from November 2019 to November 2022. Fidelma Russo; Executive Vice President, General Manager of Hybrid Cloud and Chief Technology Officer Ms. Russo has served as our Executive Vice President, General Manager of our Hybrid Cloud business, and Chief Technology Officer since November 2023, responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations and shaping the Hybrid Cloud business strategy, as well as HPE s technology and innovation strategy. Prior to that, Ms. Russo served as Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer from September 2021 to October 2023. Prior to joining Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Ms. Russo was Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Cloud Services business unit at VMware from May 2020 to September 2021 and the Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President of Global Technology Operations at Iron Mountain, Inc. from March 2017 to May 2020. Neil B. MacDonald; Executive Vice President and General Manager of Server Mr. MacDonald has served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Server business since February 2024, responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations and shaping the strategy of the Server business. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of our Compute business from March 2022 to January 2024, as Senior Vice President and General Manager of our Compute business from February 2020 to March 2022, and as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Compute Solutions group of the then Hybrid IT business segment, from November 2018 to February 2020. Rami Rahim; Executive Vice President, President and General Manager of Networking Mr. Rahim has served as Executive Vice President, President and General Manager of our Networking business since he joined HPE in July 2025, following our acquisition of Juniper Networks, Inc. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Juniper Networks and as a member of its board of directors from November 2014 to July 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Rahim served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Juniper Development and Innovation organization, Executive Vice President, Platform Systems Division and Senior Vice President and General Manager of Juniper Networks Edge and Aggregation Business Unit. Prior to these roles, Mr. Rahim spent time at Juniper Networks development organization, where he helped with the architecture, design and implementation of many core, edge, and carrier Ethernet products. 15 Table of Content Jeremy K. Cox; Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer Mr. Cox has served as our Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer since January 2024. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer from August 2023 to January 2024; as Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, Chief Tax Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer from July 2022 to August 2023; as Senior Vice President, Global Tax and Head of Products and Services Finance from May 2021 to July 2022; and as Senior Vice President, Global Tax, Financial Planning and Analysis, and Global Functions Finance from November 2018 to May 2021, among numerous other leadership positions. Prior to joining HP Inc. in 2008, Mr. Cox was Senior Tax Counsel for Electronic Data Systems. Kirt P. Karros; Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Head of Corporate Development Mr. Karros has served as our Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Head of Corporate Development since July 2025, responsible for all treasury operations and leading corporate development initiatives. Prior to that, in addition to such roles, he also served as Head of Financial Planning Analysis from February 2025 to July 2025, overseeing financial planning and strategy for HPE and our business units. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Financial Planning Analysis from March 2024 to February 2025. From May 2022 to March 2024, Mr. Karros was Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations, where in addition to overseeing our treasury function, he also led our investor relations strategies and activities. Previously, he served as our Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer from November 2015 to May 2022, and prior to that, he served in a similar role at HP Co., leading its treasury and investor relations functions. Available Information Our website is located at www.hpe.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available, free of charge, on our website at http://investors.hpe.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish those reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. Hewlett Packard Enterprise's Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board of Directors' committee charters (including the charters of the Audit Committee, Finance and Investment Committee, HR and Compensation Committee, Technology Committee, and Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee) and code of ethics entitled Standards of Business Conduct are also available at that same location on our website. 16 Table of Content ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Some of the factors, events, and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report Form 10-K. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Risks Related to Our Business Strategy and Industry Our success depends on our ability to successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering solutions as-a-Service, effectively planning and managing our resources, and continuing to develop and manage our offerings to integrate new features and solutions. We depend on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers (including original equipment and original design manufacturers), as well as single-source and limited source suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage these third party relationships effectively. System security risks, data protection incidents, cyberattacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or IT services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our stock price. We operate in an intensely competitive industry, and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance Any failure by us to identify, manage, and complete acquisitions and subsequent integrations (including the integration of Juniper Networks following the Merger), divestitures, and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial results, business, prospects, and stock price. Uncertainty and fluctuations in geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. If we experience or fail to properly manage disruption in the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer. Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Long sales and implementation cycles for our offerings and dynamics related to large orders may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter. Our uneven sales cycle and supply chain disruptions make planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. Our ability to achieve our strategy could be harmed if we are unable to attract, retain, train, motivate, develop, and transition key personnel. Risks arising from climate change and the transition to a lower-carbon economy may impact our business. Risks Related to Our Technology and Business Operations Issues in the development and use of artificial intelligence may result in reputational harm, liability, or impact to our results of operations. Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license, or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend. 17 Table of Content Due to the international nature of our business, political or economic changes and the laws and regulatory regimes applying to international transactions or other factors could harm our future revenue, costs and expenses, financial condition, and results of operations. We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our cost reduction actions, some or all of which may be disruptive to our business. Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties. We rely on the performance of our business systems and processes, as well as those of third-parties with whom we do business. If we cannot continue to produce quality products and services, our reputation, business, and financial performance may suffer. Our sustainable and responsible business expectations and actions towards achieving our Living Progress objectives may expose us to operational, legal, or reputational risks and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price. Financial Risks Our revenue, profitability, and margins have historically varied, and we expect them to continue to vary over time. We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Adverse developments affecting our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs, and access to capital markets could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations or those of the third parties with whom we do business. Our debt obligations may adversely affect our business and our ability to meet our obligations and pay dividends. We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations. Declaration, payment and amounts of dividends, if any, to holders of our shares will be uncertain. Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risks Unfavorable results of legal proceedings, investigations, and other disputes could harm our business and result in substantial costs. Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, including patent infringement, are commonplace in our industry and successful third-party claims may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services. Our business is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations that could result in costs or other sanctions that adversely affect our business and results of operations. Contracts with federal, state, provincial, and local governments are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business. Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our financial performance. Risks Related to Prior Separations We continue to face a number of risks related to our separation from HP Inc., our former parent, including those associated with ongoing indemnification obligations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and shared use of certain intellectual property rights, which could in the future adversely impact our reputation. General Risks Our stock price has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate, which may make future prices of our stock difficult to predict. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. 18 Table of Content Risks Related to Our Business Strategy and Industry Our success depends on our ability to successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering solutions as-a-Service, effectively planning and managing our resources, and continuing to develop and manage our offerings to integrate new features and solutions. Our long-term go-to-market strategy is focused on leveraging our portfolio composed of hardware, software, and services as we deliver global edge-to-cloud platform as-a-Service ( aaS ) to help customers accelerate outcomes by unlocking value from their data, everywhere. We offer a substantial portion of our portfolio through a range of subscription and consumption-based offerings. We will also continue to provide our hardware and software in capital expenditure and license-based models, to give our customers choices in consuming HPE products and services. Following the acquisition of Juniper Networks on July 2, 2025 (the Merger ), we seek to enhance our networking solutions by offering secure, unified cloud and AI-native networking to enhance innovation across edge to cloud. To successfully execute our strategy in a rapidly evolving market, we must maintain effective planning, forecasting, and management processes to enable us to continue to improve cost structures, align sales coverage with strategic goals, improve channel execution, and strengthen our capabilities in our areas of strategic focus, while continuing to pursue new product innovation in areas such as edge computing, hybrid cloud, AI, high performance computing, and networking. We must also make sufficient long-term investments in strategic growth areas to develop, obtain, and protect our intellectual property, and commit to transition significant research and development ( R D ) and other resources before knowing whether our projections will align with customer demand for our solutions. We anticipate adapting our go-to-market structure from time-to-time with new approaches to sales and marketing, to better align with aaS business models and to capture unique market opportunities, such as in hybrid cloud, AI, and AI-native networking. This incremental capital investment approach may require additional sales, marketing, or other expenses that negatively impact cash flows in the near term. Further, should such efforts fail to produce actionable insights, or our offerings not perform as designed or promised, our business results and financial condition may be adversely affected. Our ongoing process of improving HPE GreenLake; expanding our offerings across all our businesses (including cloud, AI, and networking offerings); enhancing existing hardware, software, and cloud-based solutions; and developing and improving the systems necessary for new and evolving data-intensive AI-based workloads are all complex, costly, and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately, to invest sufficiently in strategic growth areas, or to otherwise successfully execute this strategy could significantly harm our market share, results of operations, and financial performance. Having developed a cloud platform product in HPE GreenLake and the hardware capabilities to support AI computing, we must be able to continue integrating new features that are relevant to our customers and to scale quickly, while also managing costs and preserving margins, which means accurately forecasting volumes, mixes of products, and configurations that meet customer requirements. In addition, through HPE Networking we now offer a full networking IP stack: from silicon, to infrastructure, to the operating system, to security, to software and services, in a cloud-native and AI-driven approach following the Merger. The process of integrating and streamlining our offerings (including integrating Juniper Networks offerings with ours) or developing new solutions based on our respective technological portfolios may be complex, costly, time-consuming, and uncertain, and failure by us to successfully do so could adversely impact our future results of operations and financial performance. These offerings face competition from peer companies, and any delay in our development, production, or marketing of a new product, service, or solution could result in our offerings being late to reach the market, which could harm our competitive position. These offerings also depend on the continued growth of demand for secure network and internet protocol ( IP ) infrastructure from customers that are able to build their network capacity, grow their IP services, and choose to deploy our products in their networks and IP infrastructures. There is no assurance that we will be able to implement these adjustments in a timely or cost-effective manner, or that we will be able to realize all or any of the expected benefits from them. Our HPE GreenLake and networking solutions generally are multiyear agreements, which result in recurring revenue streams over the term of the arrangement. As customer demand for our aaS offerings increases, we have experienced, and will continue to experience, differences in the timing of revenue recognition between our traditional offerings (for which revenue is generally recognized at the time of delivery) and our aaS offerings (for which revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the contract). As such, our financial results and growth depend, in part, on customers continuing to purchase our services and solutions over the contract life on the agreed terms. Additionally, implementing this business model means that our historical results, especially those from before the Merger, may not be indicative of future results, which may adversely affect our ability to accurately forecast our future operating results. Our aaS offerings also could subject us to increased risk of liability related to the provision of services as well as operational, technical, legal, regulatory, or other costs. 19 Table of Content We depend on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers (including original equipment and original design manufacturers), as well as single-source and limited source suppliers, and our financial results could suffer if we fail to manage these third party relationships effectively. Our operations depend on our ability to anticipate our needs for components, products, and services, as well as the ability of our manufacturers (including original equipment manufacturers, original and outsourced design manufacturers, and contract manufacturers), and suppliers to deliver sufficient quantities of quality components, products, and services at reasonable prices and in time for us to meet critical schedules for the delivery of our own products and services. Given the wide variety of solutions that we offer; the large and diverse distribution of our suppliers and contract manufacturers; and the long lead times required to manufacture, assemble, and deliver certain products and solutions, problems in production, planning, and inventory management have harmed our business at times, and may do so again in the future. Any delay in our ability to produce and deliver our products could cause our customers to purchase alternative products from our competitors. Manufacturing and supply problems that we have faced, and could face in the future, are described below. Manufacturing Issues. We may experience supply shortfalls or delays in shipping products to our customers if our manufacturers experience delays, disruptions, or quality control problems in their manufacturing operations, or if we have to change or add manufacturers or contract manufacturing locations. We have contracts with our manufacturers that include terms to protect us in the event of an early termination or breach, yet we may not have adequate time to transition all of our manufacturing needs to an alternative manufacturer under comparable commercial terms. We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, an increase in the expected time required to manufacture our products or ship products. Moreover, a significant portion of our manufacturing is performed in foreign countries. The manufacture of product components, the final assembly of our products and other critical operations are concentrated in certain geographic locations, including the United States, Puerto Rico, Vietnam, Thailand, Costa Rica, Brazil, Czech Republic, Malaysia, Mexico, China, Taiwan, India, South Korea, Saudi Arabia, and Singapore. We also rely on major logistics hubs, which are strategically located near manufacturing facilities in the major regions and in proximity to HPE s distribution channels and customers. These operations are therefore subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the U.S., including trade restrictions and related costs, government sanctions, disruptions to our supply chain, cyberattacks, cyberwarfare, pandemics, regional health emergencies, regional climate-related events, or regional conflicts. Other critical business operations and some of our suppliers are located in California and Asia, near major earthquake faults known for seismic activity. Our operations could be adversely affected if manufacturing, logistics, or other operations in these locations are disrupted for any reason or due to natural disasters and public health issues in the United States, Puerto Rico, and China. Supply Chain Disruption. Any disruptions to our supply chain, significant increase in component costs or logistics costs, or shortages of critical components, could decrease our sales, earnings, and liquidity or otherwise adversely affect our business and result in increased costs. Disruptions could occur as a result of any number of events, including, but not limited to: an extended closure of, or any slowdown at our suppliers' plants or shipping delays; market shortages due to the surge in demand from other purchasers for critical components; increases in prices (including fuel prices and increases in prices due to inflation); the imposition of regulations, quotas, embargoes, or tariffs on components; labor stoppages; transportation delays, including due to labor strikes; third-party interference in the integrity of the products sourced through the supply chain; cyberattacks; the unavailability of raw materials; severe weather conditions and adverse effects of climate change, or natural disasters; geopolitical developments, war or terrorism; and disruptions in utilities and other services, some of which we have experienced. In addition, the development, licensing, or acquisition of new products in the future may increase the complexity of supply chain management. Failure to effectively manage the supply of components and products would adversely affect our business. Our ongoing efforts to geographically diversify and optimize the efficiency of our supply chain could cause supply disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming, and resource-intensive than expected, and such impacts may be more pronounced as a result of increased tariffs between the U.S. and its trading partners. In this environment of heightened trade restrictions, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, cost increases from certain of our suppliers that result in price increases for some of our offerings and could subsequently limit demand for such offerings. If we are unable to pass on all or some of such cost increases to our customers, such increased prices may reduce our current margins and future margins. Furthermore, certain of our suppliers have discontinued conducting business with us or failed to perform under their contracts with us. Component Supply Shortages . We provide demand forecasts for our products to our manufacturers, who order components and plan capacity based on these forecasts. We have experienced, and may experience again in the future, delays and shortages of certain components as a result of strong demand, supplier transitions, raw material or capacity constraints, and other problems experienced by suppliers in certain geographies and markets, resulting in insufficient 20 Table of Content supply to meet total market demand. We have experienced shortages or delays, which led to higher prices of certain components and exposure to quality issues and delivery delays, and may experience such delays and associated impacts in the future. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices, of acceptable quality, or at all, to build products or provide services in a timely manner in the quantities needed or according to our specifications. Accordingly, our business and financial performance could suffer from a loss of time-sensitive sales, 