=== TPL_2025-09-26.htm.gz ===
tm2523293-1_nonfiling - none - 12.3790562s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under 240.14a-12 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION (Name of Registrant As Specified In Its Charter) N/A (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date and Time November 6, 2025 11:00 a.m. CT Location OMNI DALLAS HOTEL 555 South Lamar Street Dallas, Texas 75202 Dear Fellow Stockholders: We invite you to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Texas Pacific Land Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), which is scheduled to be held on November 6, 2025, at 11:00 a.m. Central time (including any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof, the Annual Meeting ) at the Omni Dallas Hotel, 555 South Lamar Street, Dallas, Texas 75202. At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to vote on the following proposals (as more fully described in the proxy statement accompanying this notice): Proposals to Be Voted On 1 To elect nine (9) members of the Company s Board of Directors to serve until the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. 2 To approve, by non-binding advisory vote, the executive compensation paid to our named executive officers. 3 To ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. 4 To consider a non-binding stockholder proposal to reduce the ownership threshold for stockholders to call a special stockholder meeting from 25% to 10%. Only holders of shares of our common stock, par value $0.01, as of the close of business on September 11, 2025 (the Record Date ) are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON NOVEMBER 6, 2025 The Company s Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, Annual Report on Form 10-K and form of proxy card are available free of charge at www.proxyvote.com. YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. We hope you will attend the Annual Meeting. However, whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, please promptly vote your shares by following the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, your proxy card or your voting instruction form, as applicable. If you attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person, your vote by proxy will not be used. By Order of the Board of Directors, Rhys J. Best Chair September 26, 2025 Dallas, Texas TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY 1 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT OUR ANNUAL MEETING 2 ITEMS OF BUSINESS REQUIRING YOUR VOTE 9 PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 9 PROPOSAL 2 NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 19 PROPOSAL 3 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 20 PROPOSAL 4 CONSIDERATION OF A NON-BINDING STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL TO REDUCE THE OWNERSHIP THRESHOLD FOR STOCKHOLDERS TO CALL A SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETING FROM 25% TO 10% 21 OTHER MATTERS 23 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE 24 Stockholder Engagement and Communications with Directors 24 Board Structure and Committees 29 Corporate Governance 31 Other Governance Matters 33 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 36 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 36 Security Ownership of Directors and Officers 37 Transactions with Related Persons 38 EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 39 Executive Officers 39 Significant Employees 39 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 40 Executive Summary 40 2024 Business and Financial Performance Highlights 41 Key Aspects of 2024 Design 41 Decision-Making Process 41 Benchmarking Process 44 2024 Compensation Program 45 Other Governance Features 50 Compensation Committee Report 51 Summary Compensation Table 52 Grants Of Plan Based Awards 53 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 54 Stock Awards Vested 55 Pay Ratio Disclosure 55 Employment Agreements 55 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 58 Pension Benefits 60 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 61 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 62 Directors Compensation 66 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 69 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 70 INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 71 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 71 APPENDIX A A-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS PROXY SUMMARY Date and Time November 6, 2025 11:00 a.m. CT Location OMNI DALLAS HOTEL 555 South Lamar Street Dallas, Texas 75202 2699 Howell Street, Suite 800 Dallas, TX 75204 (214) 969-5530 ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING This proxy statement (this Proxy Statement ) is being furnished to the stockholders of Texas Pacific Land Corporation (the Company, TPL, we, our or us ) in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ). The proxies are for use at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company scheduled to be held on November 6, 2025, at 11:00 a.m. Central time (including any adjournment, postponement or continuation thereof, the Annual Meeting ) at the Omni Dallas Hotel, 555 South Lamar Street, Dallas, Texas 75202. Your vote is extremely important no matter how many shares you own. We hope you will attend the Annual Meeting. However, whether or not you expect to attend the Annual Meeting in person, please promptly vote your shares by following the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or your proxy card or voting instruction form, as applicable. The Company consummated its corporate reorganization from a trust to a corporation (the Corporate Reorganization ) on January 11, 2021. The trust, known as Texas Pacific Land Trust (the Trust ) from its inception in 1888 until the Corporate Reorganization, was reorganized into a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware and named Texas Pacific Land Corporation. Any references in this Proxy Statement to the Company, TPL, we, our or us with respect to periods prior to January 11, 2021 refer to the Trust, and references to periods on that date and thereafter refer to Texas Pacific Land Corporation. The proxy materials were first sent or made available to stockholders on or about September 26, 2025. THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS FORMAT BELOW IS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE AND INCLUDES ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. YOU SHOULD READ THIS ENTIRE PROXY STATEMENT CAREFULLY. Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT OUR ANNUAL MEETING Why am I receiving these proxy materials? You are receiving these proxy materials because the Board is soliciting your proxy to vote at the Annual Meeting. This Proxy Statement summarizes the information you need to vote at the Annual Meeting. You do not need to attend the Annual Meeting to vote your shares. Why did I receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials instead of a full set of proxy materials? This year, we are using the Internet as the primary means of delivering proxy materials to our stockholders. We are sending a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ) to our stockholders of record with instructions on how to access the proxy materials online at www.proxyvote.com. This Proxy Statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the Annual Report ) are also included in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which you can access electronically at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov, and are also available on our corporate website at www.TexasPacific.com. Stockholders may follow the instructions in the Notice of Internet Availability to elect to receive future proxy materials in print by mail or electronically by email. We encourage stockholders to take advantage of the availability of the proxy materials online to help reduce the environmental impact of our annual meetings and reduce our printing and mailing costs. What are the matters to be voted on at the Annual Meeting and what are the Board s voting recommendations? At the Annual Meeting, stockholders as of the Record Date (as defined below) will be asked to vote on the following matters: Proposals Board s Recommendation More Information Proposal 1 Election of nine (9) members of the Board to serve until the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. FOR each Nominee Page 9 Proposal 2 Approval, by non-binding advisory vote, of the executive compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers (as defined herein). FOR Page 19 Proposal 3 Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP ( Deloitte ) as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. FOR Page 20 Proposal 4 Consideration of a non-binding stockholder proposal to reduce the ownership threshold for stockholders to call a special stockholder meeting from 25% to 10%. AGAINST Page 21 The proxy solicitation materials are being sent or made available to stockholders as of the Record Date. As of such date, the Company knows of no other matters to be submitted at the Annual Meeting. Who may vote at the Annual Meeting? Holders of shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock ), as of the close of business on September 11, 2025 (the Record Date ) are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. 2 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT OUR ANNUAL MEETING As of the Record Date, 22,979,410 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding. Each share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote. Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ) prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. How can I attend the Annual Meeting? The Annual Meeting will be held on November 6, 2025 at 11:00 a.m. Central time, at the Omni Dallas Hotel, 555 South Lamar Street, Dallas, Texas 75202. Only our stockholders of record as of the Record Date and invited guests of the Company will be permitted to attend the Annual Meeting. In order to be admitted to the Annual Meeting, you must present a government-issued form of picture identification. If you have requested to receive proxy materials by mail, your proxy card enclosed with this Proxy Statement will ask you to indicate if you intend to attend the Annual Meeting; please complete that section so that we may plan accordingly. If you are a stockholder of record, your name will be checked against our list of stockholders of record on the Record Date. If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held in street name, and the proxy materials are being forwarded to you by your broker, bank or nominee, which is considered, with respect to those shares, the stockholder of record. As a result, your name does not appear on our list of stockholders. If your Common Stock is held in street name, in order to be admitted to the Annual Meeting, in addition to a voting instruction form and government- issued form of picture identification, you should bring with you a letter or account statement showing that you were the beneficial owner of the Common Stock as of the Record Date. What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record and as a beneficial owner in street name ? Most of our stockholders hold their shares through a broker, bank or other nominee rather than directly in their own name. As summarized below, there are some distinctions between shares held of record and those owned beneficially. Stockholder of Record . If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, you are considered, with respect to such shares, the stockholder of record, and the proxy materials are being provided directly to you by us. As the stockholder of record, you have the right to vote in person at the meeting or to grant your voting proxy directly to us. Beneficial Owner . If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held in street name, and the proxy materials are being provided to you by your broker, bank or other nominee, which is considered, with respect to such shares, the stockholder of record. As the beneficial owner of shares, you are invited to attend the Annual Meeting; however, you may not vote your shares at the Annual Meeting unless you obtain a written proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee. For more information on how you may vote your shares, see If I am a beneficial owner, how do I vote? below. If I am a beneficial owner, how do I vote? If you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name, you will receive instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee describing how to vote your shares. As the beneficial owner of your shares, you are entitled to direct your broker, bank or other nominee how to vote your shares. You may instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote by completing the voting instruction form provided to you by your broker, bank or other nominee. You may also vote by telephone or via the Internet if your broker, bank or other nominee makes such methods available, in which case applicable instructions will be provided to you by your broker, bank or other nominee. How do I vote my shares in person at the Annual Meeting? First, you must satisfy the requirements for admission to the Annual Meeting. Then, if you are a stockholder of record, you may vote by ballot at the Annual Meeting. If you are a beneficial owner of shares, you may vote shares held in street name at the Annual Meeting only if you bring to the Annual Meeting a signed proxy from the record holder (your broker, bank or other nominee) giving you the right to vote the shares, which must be submitted with your ballot at the Annual Meeting. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote in advance so that your vote will be counted in case you later decide not to attend the Annual Meeting, as well as to facilitate the tabulation of votes. Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT OUR ANNUAL MEETING How do I vote my shares without attending the Annual Meeting? If you are a stockholder of record, you may vote by granting a proxy using any of the following methods: By Internet By submitting your proxy via the Internet at www.proxyvote.com. By Telephone If you have requested to receive proxy materials by mail, by following the telephone voting instructions included on the enclosed proxy card. By Mail If you have requested to receive proxy materials by mail, by completing, signing and dating the enclosed proxy card where indicated, and by mailing or otherwise returning the proxy card in the envelope provided to you. You should sign your name exactly as it appears on the proxy card. If you are signing in a representative capacity (for example, as guardian, executor, trustee, custodian, attorney or officer of a corporation), indicate your name and title or capacity. Internet and telephone voting facilities will close at 10:59 p.m. (Central time) on November 5, 2025 for the voting of shares held by stockholders of record. Mailed proxy cards should be returned in the envelope provided to you with your proxy card and must be received by November 5, 2025. Your vote is important, and we strongly encourage you to vote your shares by following the instructions provided on the Notice of Internet Availability or your proxy card. Please vote promptly. If your shares are held in street name, your broker, bank or other nominee should give you instructions for voting your shares. You may be able to vote via the Internet, by telephone or by mail by submitting a voting instruction form to your broker, bank or other nominee by the deadline indicated in such voting instruction form. The Board has designated our Chief Executive Officer, Tyler Glover, and our Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, Micheal Dobbs, and each or either of them, as proxies to vote the shares of Common Stock at the Annual Meeting. How can I ask questions at the Annual Meeting? You may ask questions relating to any matter being considered at the Annual Meeting in person at the Annual Meeting or by submitting your questions in advance by email to AnnualMeetingTPL@texaspacific.com until 11:59 p.m. Central time on November 5, 2025. The question and answer session will be conducted in accordance with the Rules of Conduct of the Annual Meeting. These Rules of Conduct will be posted on the investor relations page of our corporate website prior to the Annual Meeting and may include certain procedural requirements. We will endeavor to respond at the Annual Meeting to questions that are submitted in accordance with the Rules of Conduct. We may not be able to answer every question submitted, in which case, we may address unanswered questions with the stockholder submitting the question after the Annual Meeting. What constitutes a quorum? A majority of the voting power of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting must be present, in person or by proxy, at the Annual Meeting in order to have a quorum for the transaction of business. If there is no quorum, the Annual Meeting may be adjourned to a subsequent date for the purpose of obtaining a quorum. As of the Record Date, 22,979,410 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding. The independent inspector of elections will determine whether a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting. If you are a beneficial owner of shares of Common Stock and you do not instruct your broker, bank or other nominee how to vote your shares on any of the proposals, and your broker, bank or other nominee submits a proxy with respect to your shares on a matter with respect to which discretionary voting is permitted (as discussed below), your shares will be counted as present at the Annual Meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists. In addition, stockholders of record who are present at the Annual Meeting in person or by proxy will be counted as present at the Annual Meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists, whether or not such holders abstain from voting on any or all of the proposals. How many votes are required to approve each proposal? Proposal 1: Directors will be elected by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes (if any) will have no effect on the election of directors. The Company s Fourth Amended 4 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT OUR ANNUAL MEETING and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ) provide for a majority vote policy. Under this policy, any nominee for director in an uncontested election who does not receive a majority of the votes cast and is an incumbent director is required to promptly tender his or her resignation, subject to acceptance by the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation or whether other action should be taken. The Board will then act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision regarding the tendered resignation within ninety (90) days from the date of the certification of the election results. A director who tenders his or her resignation will not participate in the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or the decision of the Board with respect to his or her resignation. Proposal 2: Approval of executive compensation (on a non-binding advisory basis) requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of our Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on such proposal. If your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting but you ABSTAIN from voting on Proposal 2, the abstention will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal. Broker non-votes (if any) will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Because your vote on this matter is advisory, it will not be binding on the Company or the Board. However, the Compensation Committee will review the voting results and take them into consideration when making future decisions regarding executive compensation. Proposal 3: Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of our Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on such proposal. If your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting but you ABSTAIN from voting on Proposal 3, the abstention will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal. Because brokers have discretionary authority to vote on this proposal, broker non-votes are not applicable to this proposal. Proposal 4: Approval of the non-binding stockholder proposal to reduce the ownership threshold for stockholders to call a special stockholder meeting from 25% to 10% requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of our Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on such proposal. If your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting but you ABSTAIN from voting on Proposal 4, the abstention will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal. Broker non-votes (if any) will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Because your vote on this matter is advisory, it will not be binding on the Company or the Board. What is a broker non-vote? A broker non-vote occurs when a broker, bank or other nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner does not vote on a particular proposal because the broker, bank or nominee does not have discretionary voting power for that particular item and has not received instructions from the beneficial owner. Under applicable rules that govern brokers, banks and other nominees who are voting with respect to shares held in street name, brokers, banks and other nominees ordinarily have the discretion to vote on routine matters, but not on non-routine matters. The vote on Proposals 1, 2, and 4 are considered non-routine. Accordingly, beneficial owners who do not provide voting instructions to their brokers, banks or other nominees on these proposals will not have their shares voted with respect to such proposals. Proposal 3 constitutes a routine proposal. Accordingly, brokers, banks and other nominees that do not receive voting instructions from beneficial owners may vote on such proposal in their discretion. May I change my vote or revoke my proxy? Yes. If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke any proxy given pursuant to this solicitation at any time before its use by: Delivering written notice of the revocation to the Company s Secretary at 2699 Howell Street, Suite 800, Dallas, Texas 75204; Delivering a duly executed proxy bearing a later date than the proxy that you wish to revoke; Submitting a later dated proxy over the telephone or Internet in accordance with the instructions on the enclosed proxy card; or Attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person. If you are the beneficial owner of shares held through a broker, bank or other nominee, then you must follow the specific instructions, including applicable deadlines, provided to you by your broker, bank or other nominee to change or revoke Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT OUR ANNUAL MEETING any instructions you have already provided to your broker, bank or other nominee. If you have obtained a voting instruction form from your broker, bank or other nominee that holds your shares giving you the right to vote the shares, you may change your vote by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person if you provide a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee. Attending the Annual Meeting in and of itself will not constitute a revocation of a proxy. What happens if I return a proxy card but do not specify how I want my shares voted? If you are a stockholder of record who returns a signed proxy card that does not specify how you want to vote your shares on one or more proposals, the proxies designated on the proxy card will vote your shares for each proposal as to which you did not provide any voting instructions, and such shares will be voted in the following manner: Proposal 1 FOR the nine (9) director nominees listed in Proposal 1 to serve until the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders; Proposal 2 FOR the approval, by non-binding advisory vote, of the executive compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers; Proposal 3 FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025; and Proposal 4 AGAINST the non-binding stockholder proposal to reduce the ownership threshold for stockholders to call a special stockholder meeting from 25% to 10%. If you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name and do not provide voting instructions on one or more proposals, your broker, bank or other nominee may be unable to vote your shares on all of the proposals other than Proposal 3. See What is a broker non-vote? above. What if I receive more than one set of proxy materials from the Company? If your shares are held in more than one account, you will receive more than one Notice of Internet Availability (or, if you have requested to receive proxy materials by mail, more than one proxy card), and in that case, you can and are urged to vote all of your shares by following the instructions on each Notice of Internet Availability (or, if applicable, proxy card) you receive. Only your latest dated proxy for each account will count. Please sign each proxy card exactly as your name or names appear on the proxy card. For joint accounts, each owner should sign the proxy card. When signing as an executor, administrator, attorney, trustee, guardian or other representative, please print your full name and title on the proxy card. How may I obtain a stockholder list? A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, for a period of at least ten (10) days ending on the day before the date of the Annual Meeting during ordinary business hours at the Company s offices at 2699 Howell Street, Suite 800, Dallas, Texas 75204. Where can I find the voting results of the meeting? We plan to publish the voting results in a Current Report on Form 8-K, which we expect to file with the SEC within four business days following the end of the Annual Meeting. How are proxies being solicited? Proxies may be solicited by certain of the Company s directors, officers and administrative personnel, without additional compensation, in person or by telephone, e-mail or facsimile. In addition, we have engaged Innisfree M A Incorporated ( Innisfree ) as a paid solicitor in connection with the Annual Meeting. The anticipated cost of such service is approximately $35,000. The cost of soliciting proxies will be borne by us. We expect to reimburse brokerage firms, banks, custodians and other persons representing beneficial owners of shares of Common Stock for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in forwarding solicitation material to such beneficial owners. 6 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT OUR ANNUAL MEETING What is householding and will it apply to me? Some banks, brokers and other record holders use the practice of householding notices, proxy statements and annual reports. Householding is the term used to describe the practice of delivering a single set of notices, proxy statements and annual reports to any household at which two or more stockholders reside if a company reasonably believes the stockholders are members of the same family. This procedure reduces the volume of duplicate information stockholders receive and reduces a company s printing and mailing costs. We will promptly deliver an additional copy of any such document to any stockholder who submits a request, in writing or orally, to receive additional copies. Alternatively, if you share an address with another stockholder and have received multiple copies of our notices, proxy statements and annual reports, you may contact us to request delivery of a single copy of these materials. Any requests for additional or single copies should be directed to Investor Relations at 2699 Howell Street, Suite 800, Dallas, Texas 75204 or by calling (214) 969-5530. Are stockholders entitled to dissenters rights of appraisal in connection with any proposals? Under the Delaware General Corporation Law and the Certificate of Incorporation, stockholders are not entitled to any appraisal or similar rights of dissenters with respect to any of the proposals to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting. What is the deadline for receipt of director nominations and stockholder proposals to be presented at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders? In order for any stockholder proposal submitted pursuant to Rule 14a-8 ( Rule 14a-8 ) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), to be included in the Company s Proxy Statement to be issued in connection with the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, such stockholder proposal generally must be received by the Company no later than May 29, 2026. If we hold our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders on a date that is more than 30 days from the anniversary of the Annual Meeting, any stockholder proposal must be received a reasonable time before we begin to print and send our proxy materials. Any such stockholder proposal submitted, including any accompanying supporting statement, may not exceed 500 words, as per Rule 14a-8(d) of the Exchange Act. Any director nominations or stockholder proposals submitted outside the processes of Rule 14a-8, which a stockholder intends to bring forth at the Company s 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, will be untimely unless it is received between July 9, 2026 and August 8, 2026 in accordance with the Bylaws. If the date of the Company s 2026 annual meeting of stockholders is more than 30 days before or 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the Annual Meeting, such nomination or proposal must be received no earlier than 120 days prior to the date of the 2026 annual meeting and not later than the later of (i) the 10th day following the date of the public announcement of the date of the 2026 annual meeting or (ii) the date which is 90 days prior to the date of the 2026 annual meeting. In each case, the notice must include the information specified in our Bylaws. Stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than our nominees must provide notice to the Secretary of the Company that sets forth the information required by Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act in accordance with and within the time period prescribed in the advance notice provisions of our Bylaws. Any changes to such dates will be disclosed in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, or in a Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC. Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS 8 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEMS OF BUSINESS REQUIRING YOUR VOTE PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board currently consists of ten (10) directors. At the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, the Company s stockholders approved, at the recommendation of the Board, an amendment to the then-current Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to declassify the Board. The declassification of the Board is being phased in over a three-year period concluding at the Annual Meeting, at which time the division of directors into classes will terminate. As a result, beginning at the Annual Meeting, all directors will be elected for a one-year term. On August 26, 2025, Eric L. Oliver notified the Board of his decision not to stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Mr. Oliver s decision to not stand for reelection at the Annual Meeting is not as a result of any disagreement with the Company or the Board on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices, or any other matter. In connection with Mr. Oliver s decision, the Board subsequently determined to (i) remove Mr. Oliver as a nominee for election to the Board at the Annual Meeting and (ii) decrease the number of directors on the Board from ten (10) to nine (9), effective as of the Annual Meeting. Mr. Oliver s current term will expire at the Annual Meeting. At the Annual Meeting, nine (9) directors are standing for re-election for a term of one year expiring at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, subject to their earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Each of Rhys J. Best, General Donald G. Cook, Barbara J. Duganier, Donna E. Epps, Tyler Glover, Karl F. Kurz, Robert Roosa, Murray Stahl, and Marguerite Woung-Chapman has been nominated by the Board for election at the Annual Meeting. Each nominee has consented to being named as a nominee for election as a director and has agreed to serve if elected; however, if a nominee should withdraw his or her name from consideration for any reason or otherwise become unable to serve before the Annual Meeting, the Board reserves the right to substitute another person as nominee, and the proxies named in this Proxy Statement will vote for any substitute nominated by the Board. Stockholders Agreement On June 11, 2020, the Trust and certain of its stockholders entered into a stockholders agreement, which was later assigned to the Company (the Stockholders Agreement ). The stockholders party to the Stockholders Agreement were, among others, Horizon Kinetics LLC and Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC (together with Horizon Kinetics LLC and its affiliates, Horizon Kinetics ), and SoftVest Advisors, LLC ( SoftVest Advisors ) and SoftVest, L.P. (together with SoftVest Advisors and its affiliates, SoftVest, and together with Horizon Kinetics, the Investor Group ). Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, Mr. Stahl was appointed to the Board as a designee of Horizon Kinetics and Mr. Oliver was appointed to the Board as a designee of SoftVest. Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, each of Mr. Stahl and Mr. Oliver provided an executed conditional resignation letter pursuant to which he irrevocably offered to resign from his position as a director of the Board and from any and all committees of the Board upon certain circumstances (see section below, Cooperation Agreement, explaining that the resignation letters are now considered withdrawn and of no further effect). Cooperation Agreement On July 28, 2023, the Company and the Investor Group entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement ) pursuant to which, among other things, (i) Mr. Stahl, Ms. Woung-Chapman and Mr. Roosa were, subject to the approval of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, nominated by the Company for election at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, (ii) the resignation letters submitted by Messrs. Stahl and Oliver pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement (as described above) were considered withdrawn and of no further effect, (iii) the Investor Group agreed to vote or cause to be voted all of the equity securities of the Company over which the Investor Group had direct or indirect voting control (a) for the election of the three nominees recommended by the Board for election at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (Mr. Stahl, Ms. Woung-Chapman and Mr. Roosa) and against any other director nominee not recommended by the Board, (b) for proposals 2 (the advisory vote on the Company s executive compensation) and 3 (the ratification of the appointment by the Board of the independent registered public accounting Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS firm) at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, and (c) in accordance with the recommendation of the majority of the Board in respect of any stockholder proposal submitted pursuant to Rule 14a-8 at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. The Cooperation Agreement also provided for mutual non-disparagement covenants and certain standstill obligations for the Investor Group as long as one of Mr. Stahl or Mr. Oliver remains on the Board. Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the Stockholders Agreement terminated on November 16, 2023. Board of Directors The following table sets forth information with respect to our current directors, all of whom, except for Mr. Oliver, are standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Name Age Position Rhys J. Best 79 Director, Chair General Donald G. Cook, USAF (Ret.) 79 Director Barbara J. Duganier 67 Director Donna E. Epps 61 Director Tyler Glover 40 President, CEO Director Karl F. Kurz 64 Director Eric L. Oliver 66 Director Robert Roosa 55 Director Murray Stahl 71 Director Marguerite Woung-Chapman 60 Director Our director nominees bring to the Board a wide range of skills, qualifications, experience, perspectives and diverse characteristics that enhance the Board s ability to carry out its oversight role on behalf of our stockholders. The following table sets forth a summary of the qualifications and experiences of each director nominee, which we believe are relevant to our business. Because this is a summary, it does not include all of the skills, experiences and qualifications that each director nominee offers. 10 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Qualifications and Experience Best Cook Duganier Epps Glover Kurz Roosa Stahl Woung- Chapman Total Public Company CEO or COO Experience 5 of 9 Financial Oversight/Accounting Senior executive level experience in financial accounting and reporting, auditing, corporate financing and/or internal controls or experience in the financial services industry 5 of 9 Industry Experience Experience as an executive or director in, or in other leadership positions working with the oil and gas industry and knowledge of the risks related to the industry 7 of 9 Public Policy/Regulatory Experience in or a strong understanding of the regulatory issues facing the oil and gas industry and public policy on a local, state and national level 5 of 9 HES Experience Experience with direct control or accountability for health, environmental, safety and social responsibility management 7 of 9 Risk Management Executive experience evaluating significant risks and providing effective oversight of risk management processes, including cyber security risk and financial risk 9 of 9 Independence Satisfies the independence requirements of the NYSE and SEC 8 of 9 Public Company Board Experience Including corporate governance experience 9 of 9 Gender Female Male 3 6 Demographics African American or Black Native American Asian Hispanic or Latino Caucasian 2 6 Two or More Races or Ethnicities 1 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NOMINEES RHYS J. BEST Director, Chair AGE: 79 DIRECTOR SINCE: April 2022 Mr. Best serves as non-executive Chair of the Board (the Chair ) and has been a member of the Board since April 15, 2022. Mr. Best currently serves on the board of Arcosa Inc. (NYSE: ACA) (since 2018), where he serves as the non-executive chairman of the board. Mr. Best previously served on the board of Cabot Oil and Gas Corp. (from 2008 to 2021, including serving as lead director in 2021), his term ending after the company merged with Cimarex Energy in 2021 to form Coterra Energy (NYSE: CTRA). Mr. Best also previously served on the boards of Commercial Metals Company (NYSE: CMC) (from 2010 to 2022), Crosstex Energy, LP, an integrated, multi-commodity midstream enterprise (NASDAQ: XTEX) (from 2004 to 2014, including serving as chairman of the board from 2009 to 2014), MRC Global, Inc., a pipe, valve and fitting distribution business (NYSE: MRC) (from 2008 to 2022, including serving as chairman of the board from 2016 to 2022), Trinity Industries, Inc. (NYSE: TRN) (from 2005 to 2018), and Austin Industries, an employee-owned construction company (from 2007 to 2018, including serving as chairman of the board from 2013 to 2018). Mr. Best is the former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Lone Star Technologies, Inc., an energy services and supply company, a role he retired from in 2007 after the successful merger with United States Steel Company (NYSE: X). In 2014, Mr. Best was recognized as Director of the Year by the National Association of Corporate Directors. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Best s qualifications to serve as a director include his extensive business experience, including as a senior executive at leading companies in the oil and gas industry, and his public company board and corporate governance experience. 12 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DONALD G. COOK Director AGE: 79 DIRECTOR SINCE: January 2021 General Cook has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. General Cook previously served on the boards of Crane Co. (NYSE: CR) (from 2005 to 2022), USAA Federal Savings Bank (from 2007 to 2018), U.S. Security Associates Inc., a Goldman Sachs portfolio company (from 2011 to 2018), and Hawker Beechcraft Inc., another Goldman Sachs portfolio company (from 2007 to 2014). General Cook served on the board of Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railroad for almost five years until it was sold to Berkshire Hathaway in 2010 in a transaction valued at $44 billion. He is a former senior consultant for Lockheed Martin Corporation. General Cook also serves as a senior advisor to Portage Point Partners and served as a senior advisor to Alvest, a private French aviation firm, from 2022 to 2023. In addition to his extensive corporate governance experience, General Cook was the former Chairman of the San Antonio advisory board of the NACD Texas TriCities Chapter, a group recognized as the authority on leading boardroom practices. General Cook had numerous command and high-level staff assignments during his 36-year career with the U.S. Air Force and retired as a four-star General. He commanded a flying training wing and two space wings, the 20th Air Force (the nation s nuclear Intercontinental Ballistic Missile force) and was interim Commander of Air Combat Command during the September 11 attacks. General Cook served as the Chief of the Senate Liaison Office and on the staff of the House Armed Services Committee in the U.S. House of Representatives. Prior to his retirement from the Air Force in August 2005, General Cook s culminating assignment was Commander, Air Education and Training Command at Randolph Air Force Base in Texas, where he was responsible for executing the $8 billion annual budget to recruit, train and educate Air Force personnel, safely implementing the 500,000-hour annual flying hour program and providing for the leadership, welfare, and oversight of 90,000 military and civilian personnel in the command. He was twice awarded the Distinguished Service Medal for exceptional leadership. General Cook serves on and is the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and also serves on the Compensation Committee. QUALIFICATIONS General Cook s qualifications to serve as a director include his extensive experience on multiple public company boards and with corporate governance and executive compensation, as well as his senior leadership experience resulting from his tenure of command in the U.S. Air Force. Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS BARBARA J. DUGANIER Director AGE: 67 DIRECTOR SINCE: January 2021 Ms. Duganier has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. Ms. Duganier currently serves on the boards of CenterPoint Energy (NYSE: CNP), an electric transmission and distribution, natural gas distribution and energy services company, where she chairs the audit committee and serves on the safety and operations committee, and Arcadis NV (Euronext: ARCADIS), where she serves on the sustainability committee and the audit and risk committee. Ms. Duganier also serves on the boards of two private companies: McDermott International, Ltd. (since 2020), a fully integrated provider of engineering and construction solutions to the energy industry; and Pattern Energy Group LP (since 2021), a private renewable energy company focused on wind, solar, transmission and storage. Ms. Duganier previously served on the boards of the general partner of Buckeye Partners, L.P. (NYSE: BPL), a midstream oil and gas master limited partnership, where she chaired the audit committee until the company s sale in November 2019; of Noble Energy (NASDAQ: NBL), an exploration and production company, until the company s sale in October 2020; of West Monroe Partners, a management and technology consulting firm, where she was the lead independent director until the sale of the company in November 2021; and of MRC Global Inc. (NYSE: MRC) (2015-2024), an industrial distributor of pipes, valves and other related products and services to the energy industry, where, during her term, she chaired the ESG and enterprise risk committee and audit committee. From 2004 to 2013, Ms. Duganier was a Managing Director at Accenture, a multinational professional services company that provides services in strategy, consulting, digital technology, and operations. She held various leadership and management positions in Accenture s outsourcing business, including Global Chief Strategy Officer and Global Growth and Offering Development Lead. A year prior to joining Accenture, she served as an independent consultant to Duke Energy North America. From 1979 to 2002, Ms. Duganier, who is a licensed certified public accountant in the State of Texas, worked at Arthur Andersen LLP, where she served as an auditor and financial consultant, as well as in various leadership and management roles, including Global Chief Financial Officer of Andersen Worldwide. Ms. Duganier is the former chairperson of the National Association of Corporate Directors Texas TriCities (NACD TTC) board of directors. Ms. Duganier holds the NACD Director Certification, is an NACD Leadership Fellow, and holds the CERT Cybersecurity Oversight Certification from Carnegie Mellon University. Ms. Duganier serves on and is the chair of the Compensation Committee and serves on the Audit Committee and the Strategic Acquisitions Committee. QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Duganier s extensive executive experience overseeing large organizations, her diverse public company board experience (including in the energy industry), and her training and experience as a certified public accountant make her well-qualified to serve on the Board. 14 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DONNA E. EPPS Director AGE: 61 DIRECTOR SINCE: January 2021 Ms. Epps has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. Ms. Epps currently serves on the board of Saia, Inc. (NASDAQ: SAIA) (since 2019), where she serves on the audit committee and the nominating and governance committee, and on the board of Texas Roadhouse, Inc. (NASDAQ: TXRH), where she serves as chair of the audit committee, and as a member of the nominating and governance committee. Ms. Epps was with Deloitte LLP, a multinational professional services network, for over 30 years. Ms. Epps served as an attest Partner of Deloitte LLP from 1998 through 2003 and as a Risk and Financial Advisory Partner of Deloitte LLP from 2004 until her retirement in 2017. During her time at Deloitte LLP, Ms. Epps helped companies develop and implement proactive enterprise risk and compliance programs, focusing on value protection and creation, and provided attest services and financial advisory services in governance, risk and compliance matters to private and public companies across multiple industries. Ms. Epps is currently a licensed certified public accountant in the State of Texas and a member of the North Texas Chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors Board. Ms. Epps has served as chair of the Girl Scouts of Northeast Texas Board since April 2021. Ms. Epps serves on and is the chair of the Audit Committee and serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Epps s significant audit, governance, risk, and compliance experience as a provider of attest, financial advisory and other consulting services to private and public companies across multiple industries makes her well-qualified to serve on the Board. TYLER GLOVER President, CEO Director AGE: 40 DIRECTOR SINCE: January 2021 Mr. Glover has been a member of the Board and served as TPL s President and Chief Executive Officer since January 11, 2021. Mr. Glover served as Chief Executive Officer, Co-General Agent and Secretary of the Trust from November 2016 to January 11, 2021. Mr. Glover also currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Texas Pacific Water Resources LLC ( TPWR ), a wholly owned subsidiary of TPL, in which capacity he has acted since its formation in June 2017. Mr. Glover previously served as Assistant General Agent of the Trust from December 2014 to November 2016 and has over 17 years of energy services and land management experience. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Glover s qualifications to serve as a director include his extensive energy industry and land management expertise and his deep knowledge of TPL gained through his experience as an officer at the Company, including at the Trust. Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS KARL F. KURZ Director AGE: 64 DIRECTOR SINCE: April 2022 Mr. Kurz has been a member of the Board since April 15, 2022. Mr. Kurz is currently a non-executive chairman of the board at American Water Works Co., Inc. (NYSE: AWK) and a member of the board at Devon Energy Corporation (NYSE: DVN) where he serves on the compensation committee and governance, environmental public policy committee and chairs the reserves committee. Mr. Kurz previously served on the public company boards of SemGroup Corporation (NYSE: SEMG), Western Gas Partners LP (NYSE: WES), WPX Energy Inc. (NYSE: WPX) and Global Geophysical Services Inc. (NYSE: GGS). Mr. Kurz has served on multiple for profit and nonprofit boards. Mr. Kurz also has extensive private equity experience that includes serving as an operating advisor at Ares Capital and a partner at CCMP Capital Advisors, where he focused on investments in the oil and gas upstream and midstream sectors. He spent nine years at Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, where he held roles as Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President of Northern America Operations and Vice President of Midstream and Marketing. Mr. Kurz serves on and is the chair of the Strategic Acquisitions Committee and serves on the Compensation Committee. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Kurz s qualifications to serve as a director include his extensive business experience, including as an accomplished senior oil and gas industry executive, and his public company board experience in the utility, energy and infrastructure space. ROBERT ROOSA Director AGE: 55 DIRECTOR SINCE: November 2023 Mr. Roosa has been a member of the Board since November 10, 2023. Mr. Roosa is a Partner in Brigham Royalties, and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since January 2023. Mr. Roosa previously served as President of Brigham Minerals, Inc. (NYSE: MNRL) ( Brigham ) from its inception in November 2012 and as its Chief Executive Officer from July 2017 until its acquisition by Sitio Royalties Corp. in December 2022. Mr. Roosa also served as a director of Brigham from May 2018 until 2022. Mr. Roosa served as the President of Anthem Ventures, LLC, a family office, between January 2012 and January 2017. Mr. Roosa held various roles, including Director of Finance and Investor Relations, while at Brigham Exploration Company from 2006 until its sale to Statoil ASA in December 2011. From 2000 to 2006, Mr. Roosa held a series of positions at Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM), an oil and gas company, in the Corporate Treasurer s Department. Prior to 2000, Mr. Roosa worked for Cooper Industries, an electrical products manufacturing company, in its Corporate Controllers and Audit Groups and with the accounting firm Deloitte Touche LLP in its audit function. Mr. Roosa graduated from Southern Methodist University with a Master of Business Administration and from the University of Texas at Austin with a Bachelor of Business Administration. Mr. Roosa serves on the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Strategic Acquisitions Committee. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Roosa brings extensive knowledge of the mineral royalty acquisitions industry and executive experience to the Board. 16 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MURRAY STAHL Director AGE: 71 DIRECTOR SINCE: January 2021 Mr. Stahl has been a member of the Board since January 11, 2021. Mr. Stahl is the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and Chief Investment Strategist of Horizon Kinetics Holding Corporation (OTC: HKHC), parent company to Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC, which he co-founded. He has over 30 years of investing experience and is responsible for overseeing Horizon Kinetics proprietary research and chairs the firm s investment committee, which is responsible for portfolio management decisions across the entire firm. Horizon Kinetics investment portfolio includes a 23.2% voting position in LandBridge Company LLC (NYSE: LB) as of December 19, 2024. Mr. Stahl is also the Co-Portfolio Manager for a number of registered investment companies, private funds, and institutional separate accounts. Mr. Stahl is the Chief Executive Officer of FRMO Corp. (OTC: FRMO) (since 2001). He is also President, Chief Executive Officer, and Co-Portfolio manager of RENN Fund, Inc. (NYSE: RCG) (since 2017). He is a Director of Miami International Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: MIAX), including several of its subsidiary companies, and MSRH, LLC. He was a member of the board of Winland Electronics, Inc. (from 2015 to 2020) and IL FS Securities Services Limited (from 2008 to 2020). Prior to co-founding Horizon Kinetics, Mr. Stahl spent 16 years at Bankers Trust Company (from 1978 to 1994) as a senior portfolio manager and research analyst. As a senior fund manager, he was responsible for investing the Utility Mutual Fund, along with three of the bank s Common Trust Funds: The Special Opportunity Fund, The Utility Fund and The Tangible Assets Fund. He was also a member of the Equity Strategy Group and the Investment Strategy Group, which established asset allocation guidelines for the Private Bank. Mr. Stahl serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Strategic Acquisitions Committee. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Stahl s qualifications to serve as a director include his over 30 years of investment experience, including in the energy and minerals space. Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MARGUERITE WOUNG- CHAPMAN Director AGE: 60 DIRECTOR SINCE: November 2023 Ms. Woung-Chapman has been a member of the Board since November 10, 2023. Ms. Woung-Chapman serves as a director of Summit Midstream Corporation (NYSE: SMC), a value-driven corporation focused on developing, owning and operating midstream energy infrastructure assets located in unconventional resource basins, primarily shale formations, in the continental United States. She currently serves as chair of their nominating, governance and sustainability committee and as a member of their compensation committee. Ms. Woung-Chapman serves on the board of directors of Chord Energy Corporation (NASDAQ: CHRD), a scaled unconventional U.S. oil producer with a premier Williston Basin acreage position, and serves on the compensation and human resources committee, and as chair of the nominating and governance committee. She was previously a member of the board directors of Oasis Petroleum, Inc. and chair of the board of directors and President of the Council of the Girl Scouts of San Jacinto Council. Ms. Woung-Chapman began her career as a corporate attorney with El Paso Corporation (including its predecessors) and during her tenure from 1991 until 2012, served as Vice President, Legal Shared Services, Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer, among other positions. From 2012 to 2017, Ms. Woung-Chapman served in various capacities at EP Energy Corporation, a private company that subsequently became an NYSE-listed independent oil and gas exploration and production company, including, among others, Senior Vice President, Land Administration, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. In 2018, Ms. Woung-Chapman served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Energy XXI Gulf Coast, Inc., an independent exploration and production company that was engaged in the development, exploitation and acquisition of oil and natural gas properties in the U.S. Gulf Coast region until its acquisition by Cox Oil. Ms. Woung-Chapman holds a Bachelor of Science in Linguistics from Georgetown University and a J.D. from the Georgetown University Law Center. Ms. Woung-Chapman serves on the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Woung-Chapman s qualifications to serve as director include her valuable expertise in all aspects of management and strategic direction of publicly traded energy companies and her unique combination of experience in corporate governance, regulatory, compliance, corporate and asset transactions, legal and business administration. There are no family relationships between any director, executive officer, or person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer. There are no legal proceedings involving any director, person nominated to become a director or executive officer of the Company that are material to an evaluation of their ability or integrity or in which any director, person nominated to become a director or executive officer, or any associate thereof, is a party adverse to the Company or its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Company or its subsidiaries. Directors will be elected by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes (if any) will have no effect on the election of directors. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES. 18 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2 NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Pursuant to Section 14A(a)(1) of the Exchange Act, we are asking our stockholders to vote to approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the executive compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. We believe that our executive compensation programs must be closely linked to our stockholders interests, and we welcome our stockholders input in this area. During 2023, we contacted some of our largest stockholders to discuss our executive compensation program. In 2024, we reached out to stockholders representing 48% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock and held meetings with stockholders representing 32% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock (measured as of September 3, 2024). Independent members of our Board participated in and led each of these meetings with stockholders. The participating Board members were joined in these meetings by one or more of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, and Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. In 2025, we engaged ICR, LLC ( ICR ) to conduct a perception study survey of our stockholders to consider their perspectives on various issues, including strategy, capital allocation, governance and investor relations. Feedback from our stockholder meetings and this survey was discussed with management and relayed to the full Board and the relevant committees of the Board. After careful consideration of the feedback received, our Board and management team have taken various actions to enhance our compensation policies. For discussion of such actions, see the section titled Corporate Governance and Board Structure Stockholder Engagement and Communications with Directors in this Proxy Statement. Our compensation programs are intended to attract, motivate, and retain the individuals we need to drive business success. Please read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table and the other related tables and accompanying narrative for a detailed description of the fiscal year 2024 compensation of our Named Executive Officers. We believe that the 2024 compensation of each of our Named Executive Officers was reasonable and appropriate and was aligned with the Company s 2024 results. The vote on this resolution is not intended to address any specific element of compensation; rather, the vote relates to the overall compensation of our Named Executive Officers. This vote is advisory only and is not binding on the Company or the Board. Although the vote is non-binding, our Board values the opinions of our stockholders, and the Board and the Compensation Committee will consider the outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions for our Named Executive Officers. At the 2021 annual meeting of stockholders, a majority of the votes cast voted in favor of holding an advisory vote to approve executive compensation every year. The Board considered these voting results and decided to adopt a policy providing for an annual advisory stockholder vote to approve our executive compensation. The next stockholder advisory vote to approve executive compensation is expected to occur at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, and the next advisory vote to determine the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation is expected to occur at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. Approval of this proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as votes AGAINST this proposal. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Accordingly, we ask our stockholders to vote in favor of the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the Company s stockholders approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the executive compensation paid to the Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL 2. Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 3 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board has selected Deloitte as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, subject to ratification by our stockholders at the Annual Meeting. Deloitte has been our independent registered public accounting firm since April 2021. A representative of Deloitte is expected to be present at the Annual Meeting, will have the opportunity to make a statement if he or she desires to do so, and is expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. Although ratification is not required by our Bylaws or otherwise, the Board is submitting the selection of Deloitte to our stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice and because we value our stockholders views on the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. In the event our stockholders fail to ratify the selection of Deloitte, it will be considered a recommendation to the Board and the Audit Committee to consider the selection of a different firm. Even if the selection of Deloitte is ratified, the Audit Committee may, in its discretion, select a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. More information about our independent registered public accounting firm is available under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on page 70 below. Approval of this proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as votes AGAINST this proposal. Because brokers have discretionary authority to vote on this proposal, broker non-votes are not applicable to this proposal. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR PROPOSAL 3. 20 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 4 Proposal 4 Reducing the Ownership Threshold for Stockholders to Call a Special Stockholder Meeting from 25% to 10% Set forth below is a stockholder proposal from Brandon Bell, along with his supporting statement, for which the Company and the Board accept no responsibility. Mr. Bell has informed the Company that he is the beneficial owner of shares of the Company with a value of at least $15,000 and has held these shares continuously for at least two years. We will provide the address and number of shares held by Mr. Bell promptly upon receiving an oral or written request for such information. The stockholder proposal is required to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting only if properly presented at the Annual Meeting. Stockholder Proposal Proposal 4 Shareholder Right to Call Special Shareholder Meetings Resolved: Shareholders request that the Board of Directors take the necessary steps to amend the appropriate governing documents of Texas Pacific Land Corporation ( TPL ) to provide shareholders who hold, in the aggregate, at least 10% of the outstanding common stock-or the lowest percentage permitted by applicable state law-the right to call a special shareholder meeting. Such a meeting may be held by electronic means, consistent with applicable law and company policy. Supporting Statement: Shareholders ability to call special meetings is a fundamental right that promotes accountability and responsiveness from the Board and management. This right ensures that shareholders can act promptly when important issues arise between annual meetings. Granting this right is particularly important to guard against the risk of Board complacency and to ensure that the TPL Board remains engaged with shareholder concerns. The ability to call a special meeting provides a meaningful mechanism for shareholders to express their views and propose strategic alternatives if necessary. This right would serve as a constructive Plan B, encouraging proactive engagement from the Board and management, and ensuring shareholder interests are treated with the seriousness they deserve. Notably, similar shareholder proposals received strong support in 2024, passing with votes ranging from 51% to 72% at Jabil, Warner Brothers Discovery, ANSYS, Vertex Pharmaceuticals, and DexCom. We urge shareholders to vote FOR this proposal. Proposal 4 Shareholder Right to Call Special Shareholder Meetings TPL Statement in Opposition to Proposal 4 The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this stockholder proposal. The Board believes that the Company s existing special meeting right, allowing stockholders holding at least 25% of the Company s outstanding common stock to request a special meeting, strikes a thoughtful and appropriate balance between enhancing stockholder rights and protecting the long-term interests of the Company. Reducing the threshold to 10%, as proposed, would allow a small minority of stockholders to force the Company to incur significant costs and operational disruption, even when such action may not reflect the interests or priorities of the broader stockholder base. The Company s Stockholders Already Have a Meaningful and Appropriate Right to Call a Special Meeting The Board acknowledges that many stockholders view the right to call a special meeting as an important aspect of sound corporate governance. However, this right must be structured to avoid misuse by a small minority of investors with short-term or unrepresentative agendas. Special meetings require significant resources, including legal, administrative, and solicitation costs, and demand considerable attention from both the Board and management, diverting focus from strategic execution and day-to-day operations. For this reason, the Board believes special meetings should be reserved for extraordinary matters with support from a meaningful portion of the stockholder base. In establishing a 25% ownership Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 4 threshold for the special meeting right, the Board considered, among other things, investor feedback, peer practices, the Company s market capitalization and the concentration of ownership in the Company s common stock. Stockholder Voting History Strongly Supports the 25% Threshold The Company s adoption of a 25% ownership threshold for calling special meetings was the result of the Board s review of the Company s corporate governance principles and its ongoing engagement with stockholders, also considering that, at the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, a stockholder proposal to adopt a 25% threshold received 60.8% votes cast in favor. At the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Board submitted a management proposal to amend the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to establish this special meeting right for stockholders with a 25% ownership threshold. This proposal received overwhelming stockholder approval, garnering 98.4% votes cast in favor. In contrast, a stockholder proposal to adopt a 10% threshold at the Company s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders only received 30.5% of the votes cast. A 10% Threshold Would Introduce Governance and Operational Risk Reducing the ownership threshold to 10% would significantly increase the risk that a small group of stockholders could call special meetings that do not reflect the interests of the broader investor base. These meetings carry significant legal and operational burdens and can be used to advance narrow or short-term objectives that disrupt long-term value creation. The 25% threshold ensures that special meetings are available when needed, while also protecting against unnecessary costs and distractions. It reflects a reasonable threshold that promotes accountability without compromising the Company s ability to execute on its strategic priorities. The 25% Threshold Aligns with Market Practice and Supports Long-Term Value The Company s current threshold aligns with established governance practices among public companies. Among S P 500 companies that allow stockholders to call special meetings, only 22% have adopted a 10% ownership threshold. In contrast, more than twice as many (46.1%) require ownership of 25% or more, with a significant majority (32%) specifically requiring 25%. These figures reinforce that a 25% threshold is both the most common and broadly accepted standard. Lowering the threshold to 10% would place the Company well outside prevailing market practice and could increase the risk of governance disruption, potentially undermining long-term value for all stockholders. The Company s Governance Framework Promotes Accountability and Responsiveness The Company has a strong and well-established governance framework that ensures accountability and responsiveness to stockholders. In addition to our existing special meeting rights, we have annual elections for all directors beginning in 2025, no dual class/unequal voting structure, and a majority voting standard for uncontested director elections with an accompanying majority vote resignation policy. In addition, our management team and our Board value, and frequently solicit and respond to, the views of our stockholders. We interact with investors throughout the year and regularly engage with our stockholders through open dialogue and direct communication on a variety of topics, including our business and growth strategy, financial performance, corporate governance and executive compensation practices. Please refer to the section of this proxy statement entitled Corporate Governance and Board Structure Stockholder Engagement and Communications with Directors for more information. Accordingly, the Board believes that the current 25% threshold appropriately reflects the will of the Company s stockholders, is consistent with prevailing market standards, and provides a meaningful right to call special meetings without exposing the Company to undue risk or disruption. Approval of this proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of our Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on such proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as votes AGAINST this proposal. Broker non-votes (if any) will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST PROPOSAL 4, A NON-BINDING STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL TO REDUCE THE OWNERSHIP THRESHOLD FOR STOCKHOLDERS TO CALL SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS TO FROM 25% to 10%. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE AGAINST PROPOSAL 4. 22 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS OTHER MATTERS The Board does not know of any other matters that may be brought before the Annual Meeting. However, if any such other matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting and you have granted a proxy to the proxies named in this Proxy Statement by following the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability or your proxy card, as applicable, such proxies may use their own judgment to determine how to vote your shares. Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE Stockholder Engagement and Communications with Directors Our management team and our Board value, and frequently solicit and respond to, the views of our stockholders. We interact with investors throughout the year and regularly engage with our stockholders through open dialogue and direct communication on a variety of topics, including our business and growth strategy, financial performance, corporate governance and executive compensation practices. Stockholder Outreach, Engagement and Feedback For the past several years, we have increased the frequency and scope of our stockholder engagement activities, actively solicited stockholder feedback and, when appropriate and determined by the Board to be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, made changes to our governance, compensation and other practices in response to the stockholder feedback we received. In the first half of 2025, our investor relations team attended various conferences and roadshows and held calls with more than 40 institutional investors. In 2025, we also engaged ICR to conduct a perception study survey of our stockholders to consider their perspectives on various issues, including strategy, capital allocation, governance and investor relations. ICR reached out to approximately 50 participants to participate in this survey. Feedback from this survey was discussed with management and relayed to the relevant committees of the Board or the full Board, as applicable. The primary areas of feedback compiled from the 2025 perception study survey of our stockholders related to: Strategy Respondents generally appreciate the platform that TPL has built Our diversified business model is seen as reducing historic reliance on oil prices and drilling activity In particular, respondents were most impressed with the growth opportunity in our water business Capital Allocation The water business was universally appreciated as a significant growth opportunity and a good investment by the Company A few respondents mentioned other potential opportunities to unlock the unique portfolio that TPL owns, including cryptocurrency mining and data centers Some participants were cautious concerning acquisitions, but acknowledged that strategic acquisitions have and can provide an additional growth lever for the Company Governance Respondents acknowledged recent changes such as declassification of the Board and stockholders ability to call a special meeting as positives Participants view the Company s conversion to a C-corporation as a success Respondents did not provide specific feedback on or suggest any changes to our compensation program Investor Relations Respondents provided positive feedback on our investor relations materials, earnings calls, and key performance indicators and related disclosures Participants indicated that our investor relations team is very responsive Additionally, in response to stockholder feedback during our 2025 proxy season, on August 5, 2025, our Board approved and adopted our current Bylaws to implement an improved proxy access right for stockholders. Pursuant to the amended 24 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE Bylaws, a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, who has continuously owned at least 3% of the Company s outstanding common stock for at least three consecutive years, may nominate the greater of two or 25% of the number of directors in office as of the last day on which the notice of proxy access nomination (the Nomination Notice ) may be submitted, if the stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the applicable eligibility, procedural, content and notice requirements set forth in the Bylaws. Stockholders seeking to have one or more nominees included in the Company s proxy statement must deliver the Nomination Notice to the attention of the Secretary of the Company not earlier than the close of business on the 150 th day before the date of the one year anniversary of the immediately preceding year s annual meeting, and not later than the close of business on the 120 th day before the date of such anniversary; provided, however, that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the date of the annual meeting is scheduled for a date that is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, to be timely, the Nomination Notice must be received not earlier than the close of business on the 150 th day before such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 120 th day before such annual meeting or the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Company. As a result of our active stockholder engagement, our Board and management team have taken the following actions in recent years: Category Stockholder Feedback Topic TPL S Action Corporate Governance Conversion to a C-corporation. Converted to a C-corporation in January 2021. Declassification of the Board. Began the process of declassifying the Board at the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders; all directors will stand for election at the Annual Meeting and annually thereafter. Special Meeting Rights Stockholders ability to call special meetings. Amended the Certificate of Incorporation to grant stockholders holding 25% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock the right to call a special meeting. Board Composition Importance of stockholder perspectives in the boardroom. We have robust stock ownership requirements for officers and directors and the principal of one of our largest stockholders sits on the Board. As of the Record Date, officers and directors represented 6.9% of our issued and outstanding Common Stock. Director refreshment and inclusion of fresh perspectives on the Board when needed. Two longer-serving directors retired from the Board at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and two highly qualified independent directors were nominated and elected to the Board at the 2023 annual meeting. Our corporate governance guidelines also limit board service to 12 years. Investor Communications Stockholder information and education on TPL s strategy, business model and performance. Released an improved and expanded investor presentation, which has been updated in subsequent Regulation FD disclosures filed with the SEC, and a video overview of TPL in August 2024. Conducted a perception study survey of our stockholders in 2025 to consider their perspectives on various issues, including strategy, capital allocation, governance and investor relations. Proxy Access Stockholder access for including director nominees in TPL s proxy materials. Adopted proxy access bylaw amendments in August 2025. Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE We remain committed to corporate governance best practices and regular engagement with our stockholders and other stakeholders to solicit and consider their views on these practices, our executive compensation programs, and our business strategy and performance. We invite stockholders to email us at IR@texaspacific.com with any suggestions, comments or inquiries. Stockholder Engagement Regarding Executive Compensation Prior to the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, at the direction of our Compensation Committee, TPL management reached out to 10 of our largest stockholders, representing more than 20% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock (measured as of September 12, 2023), to discuss our executive compensation program along with other topics of importance to them. Four stockholders, representing approximately 10% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock (measured as of September 12, 2023) accepted our invitation to share feedback. In 2024, we reached out to stockholders representing 48% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock and held meetings with stockholders representing 32% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock (measured as of September 3, 2024) to consider their perspectives on various issues, including executive compensation. Independent members of our Board participated in and led each of these meetings with stockholders. The participating members of our Board were joined in these meetings by one or more of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, and Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Following these meetings, the Compensation Committee met with senior management to discuss what we learned during this comprehensive outreach process. In general, we learned that stockholders were not seeking significant changes to our compensation program. Many expressed support for our overall compensation philosophy and suggested modest changes, including enhancing our proxy statement disclosures and increasing the proportion of performance-based equity that we award over time. 26 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE The feedback received and the Compensation Committee s responses are summarized in the table below. Stockholder Feedback Compensation Committee Response Adjusted EBITDA Definition : Some investors expressed concern about the definition of Adjusted EBITDA used for our Adjusted EBITDA margin calculation, such as the inclusion of interest income and other non-operating or non-recurring items ( e.g. , legal expenses). Regular Evaluation : The Compensation Committee recognizes the challenges with using Adjusted EBITDA margin as an incentive metric and reduced the weight of this metric in the calculation of our executive officers annual cash bonus from 37.5% in 2023 to 25% for purposes of the 2024 annual incentive plan. For 2025, the Compensation Committee has approved a change in metrics for the short-term incentive program from Adjusted EBITDA margin to Adjusted EBITDA. As TPL s business segments and revenue have grown, it has become more difficult to ensure alignment between maximizing FCF and maintaining an extremely high Adjusted EBITDA margin. While maintaining our high Adjusted EBITDA margin remains a priority for TPL management, the Compensation Committee has determined that using Adjusted EBITDA as a metric for the short-term incentive program provides a more appropriate incentive for management. Interest Income : The Compensation Committee includes interest income in calculating Adjusted EBITDA because (i) this approach aligns with TPL s capital allocation strategy, (ii) the incentive goals established for Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin include an assumed level of interest income and, therefore, its removal would have minimal impact and (iii) TPL is relatively unique in generating a significant amount of net interest income due to its lack of debt and, therefore, interest income is of heightened significance. Return on Capital Metric : Preference for a return on capital metric in the incentive program. Ongoing Review of Return on Capital Metric : The Compensation Committee incorporated a review of the returns on new capital invested as part of the strategic objectives portion of the 2024 annual incentive plan and intends to continue to evaluate return on capital metrics in the future. TPL-Specific Considerations : The Compensation Committee also sees the advantages of a return on capital metric; however, the accounting for TPL s assets may result in a distortion of traditional return on capital metrics. Commodity Prices : Concern about the impact of commodity prices on our incentive metrics, since they are outside of management s control. Approach to Incentive Metrics : The Compensation Committee seeks to obtain an appropriate balance between aligning management pay outcomes with the interests of stockholders (regardless of financial impacts that are out of management s control) and incentivizing management to improve areas that are under their control. Therefore, the Compensation Committee has used a mix of a relative metric (TSR) and an absolute metric (FCF) in the long-term incentive plan. Collar on Commodity Price : The Compensation Committee has implemented a collar on TPL s total commodity price realization in the calculation of financial results in the annual incentive plan, so that while management realizes some impact of realized commodity prices, the incentive outcomes are not overly influenced by the impact of changes in realized commodity prices. Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE Stockholder Feedback Compensation Committee Response Stock-Based Compensation for Management : Preference for greater stock ownership and stock-based compensation for the management team. Approach to Compensation : Our compensation program was redesigned by our Compensation Committee in 2022. The redesign, which took into account industry standard ownership guidelines, aimed to further align the interests of management and stockholders through greater use of stock-based compensation and encouraging management to hold a significant amount of stock. As a result, our Chief Executive Officer s compensation has gone from 100% cash-based in 2020 to approximately 33% cash-based in 2024 (assuming target performance). Delayed Impact of Redesigned Program : Note that there is a delay between the redesign of the compensation program and the growth in disclosed ownership since the compensation program includes equity awards with long-term vesting. For example, the first tranche of performance share units ( PSUs ) was awarded in February 2022 but did not vest until February 2025. Additions to Peer Group : Addition of royalty-focused peer companies, including Viper Energy, Inc., Freehold Royalties Ltd., Dorchester Minerals, L.P. and Topaz Energy Corp., as well as non- oil and gas royalty companies. Approach to Benchmarking : The primary purpose of TPL s reference peer group is its use as a benchmark in evaluating executive compensation. In selecting peers, the Compensation Committee primarily considers industry, company size, whether the company is one that we may recruit talent from or lose talent to and the appropriateness of each potential peer s compensation programs for purpose of comparison. We think it is of critical importance for our executive team to have significant oil and gas experience and knowledge and, as a result, we do not consider companies outside of our industry for inclusion in our peer group. Addition of Peer Companies : Based on stockholder feedback and in light of recent acquisitions, the Compensation Committee added Freehold Royalties Ltd. to the reference group for purposes of making compensation determinations for 2025. While the Compensation Committee believes that Freehold Royalties Ltd. was appropriate to add to the reference group, it believes that the addition of certain other suggested companies would likely be inappropriate. For instance, Viper Energy, Inc., as a subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc., has a different corporate structure than TPL and, in the Compensation Committee s view, would not be a helpful comparison for compensation determinations. The 2025 perception study survey of our stockholders also asked broadly for feedback on our governance and overall thoughts on performance. Respondents did not provide specific feedback on or suggest any changes to our compensation program. Communication with Directors The Board is committed to meaningful engagement with stockholders and other interested persons and welcomes input and suggestions. Information regarding how stockholders can contact the Chair or non-management members of the Board is set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are posted on the Company s corporate website, www.TexasPacific.com. Stockholders and other interested persons who wish to contact the Board may do so by submitting any communications to the Company by mail at 2699 Howell Street, Suite 800, Dallas, Texas 75204, Attention: Investor Relations, with an instruction to forward the communication to a particular director or the Board as a whole. Our Board has created a number of ways for stockholders and other stakeholders to provide input and hear from management, including: Attending an annual meeting of stockholders and submitting questions to be addressed during the meeting; Attending quarterly earnings calls, investor conferences, and other similar opportunities; Sending an email to our Investor Relations department at IR@texaspacific.com; 28 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE Mailing a letter to us at 2699 Howell Street, Suite 800, Dallas, Texas 75204, Attention: Investor Relations; and Requesting a stockholder engagement meeting via one of the means outlined here. Our Investor Relations team, in consultation with the General Counsel, will not forward any communication that it determines in good faith to be frivolous, unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly unsuitable. The General Counsel maintains a list of each communication that was not forwarded because it was so determined to be unsuitable. Such list is delivered to the Board at its quarterly meetings. In addition, each communication that was not forwarded because it was determined to be unsuitable will be retained in the Company s files and made available at the request of any member of the Board to whom such communication was addressed. Board Structure and Committees Board Leadership Structure Our Board is led by the Chair. Mr. Best serves as the Chair and is an independent director. Our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines each provide that the Chair of the Board may also hold the position of Chief Executive Officer. At this time, the Board believes that separation of the Chair and Chief Executive Officer positions is appropriate and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Board believes that such separation provides independent leadership for the Board, helps ensure critical and independent thinking with respect to the Company s strategy and performance and allows our Chief Executive Officer to focus on the Company s day-to-day business operations. Our Chief Executive Officer also serves as a member of the Board as the management representative. The Company believes this is important to make information and insight directly available to the directors in their deliberations. This structure gives the Company an appropriate, well-functioning balance between non-management and management directors that combines experience, accountability, and effective risk oversight. The duties of the Chair include, among other things: Chairing Board meetings and meetings of stockholders; Establishing the agenda for each Board meeting; Leading executive sessions of the Board; Having authority to call Board meetings; Approving meeting schedules for the Board and information distributed to the Board; Consulting with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee with regard to the membership and performance evaluations of the Board and committee members; and Performing such other duties and responsibilities as may be requested by the Board. In the event the Chair does not qualify as independent, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require the independent directors to select from among themselves a lead independent director. The duties of a lead independent director are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and include chairing Board meetings in the absence of the Chair, convening and leading executive sessions of the Board, serving as a liaison between the Chair and the independent directors, being available for consultation and director communication with major stockholders as directed by the Board, and performing such other duties and responsibilities as requested by the Board. Board of Directors The Board currently consists of ten (10) directors, nine (9) of whom Mr. Best, Gen. Cook, Ms. Duganier, Ms. Epps, Mr. Kurz, Mr. Oliver, Mr. Roosa, Mr. Stahl and Ms. Woung-Chapman are considered independent under the rules of the SEC and the NYSE. No director may be deemed independent unless the Board determines that he or she has no material relationship with TPL. Mr. Best serves as the Chair. In light of Mr. Best s extensive experience in the energy industry and service on public company boards, the Board believes that he is well-positioned to serve as Chair. The Board meets at least quarterly, and the independent directors serving on the Board meet in executive session (i.e., without the presence of any non-independent directors and management) immediately following regularly scheduled Board meetings. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the Last Fiscal Year ), the Board met fourteen (14) times and acted by written consent in lieu of holding a meeting four (4) times. All of the directors attended Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE at least 86% of the total number of meetings held by the Board and of the committees on which they served during the Last Fiscal Year. While the Company does not have a policy requiring director attendance at annual meetings of stockholders, each director is expected to attend the Company s annual meetings of stockholders. Each member of the Board attended our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. The Board has four standing committees, consisting of a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Strategic Acquisitions Committee. Membership of each committee as of the date of this Proxy Statement is shown in the following table. Name Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Strategic Acquisitions Committee Rhys J. Best Donald G. Cook Barbara J. Duganier Donna E. Epps Tyler Glover Karl F. Kurz Eric L. Oliver Robert Roosa Murray Stahl Marguerite Woung-Chapman Chair Member Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Donald G. Cook, the chair, Donna E. Epps, Murray Stahl and Marguerite Woung-Chapman. The Board has determined that each of the committee members have met the independence requirements for service on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in accordance with the NYSE Listed Company Manual. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things, identifying, evaluating and recommending individuals qualified to become members of the Board, and for overseeing corporate governance matters and the Company s policies and programs concerning corporate social responsibility, including environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) matters. During the Last Fiscal Year, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held six (6) meetings. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter is provided on the Company s corporate website at www.TexasPacific.com. Audit Committee The Audit Committee consists of Donna E. Epps, the chair, Barbara J. Duganier, Eric L. Oliver, Robert Roosa and Marguerite Woung-Chapman. The Board has determined that Ms. Epps, Ms. Duganier, and Mr. Roosa are audit committee financial experts, as defined by the rules of the SEC, and each has accounting or related financial management expertise as required under the NYSE Listed Company Manual. Each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate. Additionally, the members of the Audit Committee each meet the independence requirements for service on the Audit Committee in accordance with the NYSE Listed Company Manual and Rule 10A-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things, ensuring that the Company has adequate internal controls and is required to meet with the Company s auditors to review these internal controls and to discuss other financial reporting matters. The Audit Committee is also responsible for the appointment, pre-approval of work, compensation, and oversight of the auditors and for overseeing enterprise risk management, including oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee periodically reviews the Company s policies and practices for managing cybersecurity risks, including incident response plans, to ensure that such policies and practices are appropriately tailored to the Company s risk framework. During the Last Fiscal Year, the Audit Committee held five (5) meetings and acted by written consent in lieu of holding a meeting one (1) time. 30 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE The Audit Committee Charter is provided on the Company s corporate website at www.TexasPacific.com. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee consists of Barbara J. Duganier, the chair, Donald G. Cook, Karl F. Kurz and Robert Roosa. The Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is independent, as defined by the NYSE Listed Company Manual, and qualifies as a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. The primary functions of the Compensation Committee are to review, approve and recommend corporate goals and objectives relevant to compensation of our executive officers, review and approve TPL s compensation plans and review and make recommendations regarding compensation for non-employee directors. During the Last Fiscal Year, the Compensation Committee held six (6) meetings and acted by written consent in lieu of holding a meeting four (4) times. The Compensation Committee Charter is provided on the Company s corporate website at www.TexasPacific.com. Strategic Acquisitions Committee The Strategic Acquisitions Committee consists of Karl F. Kurz, the chair, Barbara J. Duganier, Robert Roosa and Murray Stahl. The Strategic Acquisitions Committee is responsible for, among other things, assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to evaluating potential acquisitions by reviewing, analyzing, assessing and, in the case of acquisitions involving cash consideration between $50 million and $10 million (subject to an annual cap), approving, potential acquisitions being considered by the Company. The Strategic Acquisitions Committee was established as a standing committee in May 2024. Since its establishment in May of 2024 through the remainder of the Last Fiscal Year, the Strategic Acquisitions Committee held four (4) meetings. The Strategic Acquisitions Committee Charter is provided on the Company s corporate website at www.TexasPacific.com. Ad Hoc Committees From time to time, the Board constitutes ad hoc committees, the membership, duties and compensation, if any, of which are determined by the Board. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Each of Ms. Duganier, Gen. Cook, Mr. Kurz and Mr. Roosa served on the Compensation Committee during the Last Fiscal Year. None of the persons who served on the Compensation Committee during the Last Fiscal Year is or has been an officer or employee of the Company, and, except as described below, none had any relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Last Fiscal Year that would be required to be disclosed as a transaction with a related person. None of our executive officers currently serves, or served in the Last Fiscal Year, on the board of directors or compensation or similar committee of another company at any time during which an executive officer of such other company served on our Board or Compensation Committee. On August 27, 2024, the Company announced the acquisition of oil and gas mineral interests in 4,106 total net royalty acres located in Culberson County, Texas for a purchase price of $120.3 million in cash, net of post-closing adjustments (the Mineral Interest Acquisitions ). The Mineral Interest Acquisitions were completed in conjunction with Brigham Royalties Fund I Holdco, L.L.C., a subsidiary of Brigham Royalties. Robert Roosa, a member of the Company s Board, is a partner in, and serves as the Chief Executive Officer of, Brigham Royalties. Brigham Royalties originally identified the opportunity and, because of the size and concentration, invited the Company to participate. Following the execution of the purchase and sale agreements (totaling 7,416 net royalty acres) related to the Mineral Interest Acquisitions, a 55.4% interest in each was assigned to a subsidiary of the Company. Each party paid a pro-rata share of the purchase price and closing costs. The Company directly paid an aggregate of approximately $1.1 million in commissions to six Brigham Royalties employees, which was equal to the bonuses those employees would have received with respect to the Mineral Interest Acquisitions had they been completed by Brigham Royalties. Those fees were significantly less than commissions the Company would have paid to other third parties for similar services. The Company performed its own diligence and valuation, and the Mineral Interest Acquisitions were approved by the Audit Committee and full Board with Mr. Roosa abstaining. The Company did not pay any fees or commissions to Brigham Royalties or Mr. Roosa in connection with, and the Company and Brigham Royalties have no further relationship with respect to, the Mineral Interest Acquisitions. Corporate Governance The Company is committed to conducting its business in accordance with the highest level of ethical and corporate governance standards. The Board periodically reviews its corporate governance practices and takes other actions to Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE address changes in regulatory requirements, developments in governance best practices and matters raised by stockholders. The following describes some of the actions the Company has taken to help ensure that our conduct earns the respect and trust of stockholders, customers, business partners, employees, and the communities in which we live and work. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Board has developed corporate governance policies and practices in order to help fulfill its responsibilities to stockholders and provide a flexible framework for it to review, evaluate, and oversee the Company s business operations and management. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines set the standards, among other things, with respect to: Director independence; Criteria for selection of director candidates; Board refreshment; Board leadership structure; Requirements for service on the Board; Conflicts of interest; Confidentiality; Board and Board committees policies regarding director attendance; Criteria for Board and management evaluation; Director compensation; and Communication. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees and periodically reviews the Corporate Governance Guidelines and recommends any proposed changes to the Board for approval. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics The Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all members of the Board, executive officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company s corporate website at www.TexasPacific.com. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our corporate website. Risk Oversight The Company believes that risk oversight is the responsibility of the Board as a whole and not solely of any one of its committees. The Board recognizes that all companies face a variety of risks, including strategic risk, reputational risk, environmental risk and operational risk. The Board periodically reviews the processes established by management to identify and manage risks and communicates with management about these processes. The Board encourages, and management promotes, a corporate culture that incorporates risk management into our corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations, including with respect to the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints or other expressions of concern received from employees of the Company or other persons. The Board also continuously assesses and analyzes, with the input of management, the most likely areas of future risk to which we may be vulnerable. At the Board committee level, the Audit Committee regularly discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, the Company s major litigation and financial risk exposures, compliance, cybersecurity, information technology and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. The Compensation Committee oversees risks arising from the Company s compensation and employee benefits plans, policies and programs for its employees. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, with assistance from the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee, oversees our ESG program and monitors related risks. The Board and the various committee chairs address any issues identified in such discussions and reviews with management as they arise, and monitor actions, procedures or processes implemented in response. 32 Texas Pacific Land Corporation | Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD STRUCTURE Our General Counsel serves as our chief compliance officer, and periodically reviews the effectiveness of the Company s compliance programs and responds to, and monitors the status and response to, compliance issues that may arise from time to time. The General Counsel reports to the Chief Executive Officer. Audit Committee Procedures; Procedures for Approval of Related Person Transactions The Audit Committee meets separately and periodically with the Company s independent auditor, the Company s Chief Financial Officer and the Director of Internal Audit to assess certain matters, including the status of the independent audit process, management and the independent auditor s assessments of the Company s financial reporting and internal controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and management s views as to the competence, performance and independence of the independent auditor. The Audit Committee oversees the internal audit function, including its structure, personnel, budget, and annual internal audit plans. In addition, the Audit Committee, as a whole, reviews and meets to discuss the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor. The Audit Committee makes a recommendation to the Board each year as to whether the annual audited financial statements should be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information about the procedures for approval of related person transactions is available under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Transactions with Related Persons on page 38 below. Other Governance Matters Qualifications and Nominations of Directors The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter provides that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee screen, recruit and interview individuals that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes are qualified to become members of the Board, consistent with criteria approved by the Board from time to time, and to recommend to the Board the (a) director nominees to be selected by the Board to stand for election or re-election at the annual meeting of stockholders and (b) director candidates to be appointed by the Board to fill vacancies and newly created directorships. The Board and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee determine the minimum qualifications that a director nominee should possess on a case by case basis and typically evaluate candidates based on factors including, but not limited to, a general understanding of finance, corporate governance and strategy, senior leadership experience, public company board experience, an understanding of the Company s business and industry, diversity of background, perspectives and experiences, character, whether the candidate would satisfy the independence standards of the NYSE Listed Company Manual and the other skills identified in the matrix included in Proposal 1 Election of Directors Qualifications and Experience above. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee aim to identify a diverse group of candidates and believe that no single criterion such as gender or minority status is determinative in obtaining diversity on the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews periodically the size of the Board and oversees an annual self-evaluation of the Board and its committees. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may also consider such other factors as it may deem to be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Whenever the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee concludes, based on the reviews or considerations described above or due to a vacancy, that a new nominee to the Board is required or advisable, it will consider recommendations from directors, management, stockholders and, if it deems appropriate, consultants retained for that purpose. In such circumstances, it will evaluate individuals recommended by stockholders in the same manner as nominees recommended from other sources. Stockholders who wish to nominate an individual for election as a director directly, without going through the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, must comply with the procedures in the Bylaws. Our Bylaws also permit qualified shareholders or groups of shareholders to include nominations for election as a director in our proxy materials by complying with the proxy access provisions in our Bylaws. Our Board has adopted a majority vote policy. Under this policy any nominee for director in an uncontested election who does not receive a majority of the votes cast and is an incumbent director is required to promptly tender his or her resignation, subject to acceptance by the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation or whether other action should be taken. The Board will then act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision regarding the tendered resignation within ninety (90) days from th