=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-26-000033_991.htm ===
EX-10.1 2 a101-tplxboardrepresenta.htm EX-10.1 a101-tplxboardrepresenta Exhibit 10.1 BOARD REPRESENTATIVE AGREEMENT This Board Representative Agreement (this Agreement ) is made and entered into as of May 5, 2026, by and among Texas Pacific Land Corporation (the Company ) and Horizon Kinetics Holding Corporation ( Horizon Kinetics ) and Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC (together with Horizon Kinetics and collectively with their respective Affiliates, including the HK Funds (as defined below), Horizon ). The Company and Horizon are each herein referred to as a party and collectively as the parties. For other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 1. The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ) shall take all actions necessary to nominate the HK Designee (as defined below) subject to the approval of the Company s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the N CG Committee ), for election at the Company s 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting ). The Board shall recommend, support and solicit proxies for the election of the HK Designee at the 2026 Annual Meeting. 2. a. For as long as the HK Designee serves on the Board and through the completion of the next Stockholders Meeting (as defined below), without the prior written consent of the Company, Horizon and the HK Designee shall not, nor shall they permit any of their Representatives to, make any public or private statement that undermines, disparages or otherwise reflects detrimentally on (i) the Company, (ii) the Company s current or former directors, officers or employees in their capacity as such or the current or former directors, officers or employees of the Company s subsidiaries in their capacity as such, (iii) the Company s subsidiaries, or (iv) the business of the Company or its subsidiaries. b. For as long as the HK Designee serves on the Board and through the completion of the next Stockholders Meeting, without the prior written consent of Horizon or the HK Designee, as the case may be, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Representatives to, make any public or private statement that undermines, disparages or otherwise reflects detrimentally on (i) the HK Designee (ii) Horizon s current or former directors, officers or employees in their capacity as such or the current or former directors, officers or employees of Horizon s subsidiaries in their capacity as such, (iii) Horizon s subsidiaries, other than those that might be Competitors, (iv) the business of Horizon or its subsidiaries, other than those that might be Competitors. 3. As long as the HK Designee serves on the Board and through the completion of the next Stockholders Meeting, without the prior written consent of the Company, neither Horizon nor the HK Designee shall, and shall cause its respective Affiliates and controlled Associates not to, directly or indirectly: 2 a. (i) nominate, recommend for nomination or give notice of an intent to nominate or recommend for nomination a person for election at any Stockholder Meeting at which directors are to be elected; (ii) initiate, encourage or participate in any solicitation of proxies in respect of any election contest or removal contest with respect to directors; (iii) submit, initiate, make or be a proponent of any stockholder proposal for consideration at, or bring any other business before, any Stockholder Meeting; (iv) initiate, encourage or participate in any solicitation of proxies in respect of any stockholder proposal for consideration at, or other business brought before, any Stockholder Meeting; or (v) initiate, encourage or participate in any withhold or similar campaign with respect to any Stockholder Meeting; or b. make any (i) public or private (other than to the Board) proposal with respect to or (ii) seek to encourage, advise or assist any person in so encouraging or advising with respect to, in each case: (A) any change in the number or term of directors serving on the Board or the filling of any vacancies on the Board, (B) any change in the capitalization, dividend or share repurchase policy of the Company, (C) any other change in the Company s business, operations, strategy, management, governance, corporate structure, or other affairs or policies, (D) any Extraordinary Transaction, (E) causing a class of securities of the Company to be delisted from, or to cease to be authorized to be quoted on, any securities exchange or (F) causing a class of equity securities of the Company to become eligible for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prohibit (i) the HK Designee from suggesting or proposing any action whatsoever in any meeting of the Board or (ii) the HK Designee from disclosing his or Horizon s vote as stockholders with respect to any Stockholder Meeting. 4. a. No later than two Business Days following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K reporting its entry into this Agreement, disclosing applicable items to conform to its obligations hereunder and appending this Agreement as an exhibit thereto (the Form 8-K ). The Form 8-K shall be consistent with the terms of this Agreement. The Company shall provide Horizon and its Representatives with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Form 8-K prior to it being filed with the SEC and consider in good faith any comments of Horizon and its Representatives. b. No later than two Business Days following the date of this Agreement, Horizon shall file with the SEC amendments to its Schedule 13D filing, in compliance with Section 13 of the Exchange Act, reporting its entry into this Agreement, disclosing applicable items to conform to its obligations hereunder and including the terms of this Agreement and including this Agreement as an exhibit thereto (the Schedule 13D Amendment ). The Schedule 13D Amendment shall be consistent with the terms of this Agreement. Horizon shall provide the Company and its Representatives with a reasonable opportunity to review the Schedule 13D 3 Amendment prior to being filed with the SEC and consider in good faith any comments of the Company and its Representatives. 5. Each party shall be responsible for its own costs and expenses in connection with the negotiation and execution of t

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-26-000016_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 exhibit991q42025earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION ANNOUNCES FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2025 RESULTS Achieved Record Fiscal Year Consolidated Revenues, Net Income, and Free Cash Flow Achieved Record Quarterly Oil and Gas Royalties Production, Water Sales Volumes, and Produced Water Royalties Volumes Declared a 12.5% Increase to the Regular Dividend Earnings Call to be Held Thursday, February 19, 2026 at 9 30 am CT DALLAS, TX (February 18, 2026) Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE TPL) (the Company, TPL, we, our or us ), one of the largest landowners in the State of Texas with surface and royalty ownership that provides revenue opportunities through the support of energy production, today announced its financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2025. Fourth Quarter 2025 Highlights Acquired 17,306 net royalty acres (standardized to 1 8th) located primarily in the Midland Basin for an aggregate purchase price of $450.7 million, net of post-closing adjustments, in an all-cash transaction. Invested $50.0 million in Bolt Data Energy, Inc., a data infrastructure company, pursuant to a strategic agreement to develop and enable large scale data center campuses and supporting infrastructure across TPL land. Entered into a $500 million revolving credit facility. Effected a three-for-one stock split on December 22, 2025. Achieved record performance results, including Oil and gas royalty production of 37.5 thousand barrels of oil equivalent ( Boe ) per day Water sales revenue of $60.7 million and water sales volumes of 1.0 million barrels ( bbl ) per day Produced water royalties revenue of $33.5 million and produced water royalty volumes of 4.8 million bbl per day Water Services and Operations segment revenues of $98.2 million As of December 31, 2025, TPL s royalty acreage had an estimated 5.6 net well permits, 9.8 net drilled but uncompleted wells ( DUCs ), and 4.0 net completed but not producing wells ( CUPs ), totaling 19.5 net wells (1) . TPL had 116.1 net producing wells as of December 31, 2025, and net producing wells added during the quarter had an average lateral length of approximately 10,910 feet. (2) Land and Resource Management segment revenues of $113.4 million Consolidated net income of $123.3 million, or $1.79 per share (diluted) Adjusted EBITDA (3) of $178.1 million Free cash flow (3) of $118.9 million Quarterly cash dividend of $0.53 per share was paid on December 15, 2025 1 Full Year 2025 Highlights Oil and gas royalty production of 34.6 thousand Boe per day Produced water royalties revenue of $124.2 million Land and Resource Management segment revenues of $490.7 million Water Services and Operations segment revenues of $307.5 million Consolidated net income of $481.4 million, or $6.97 per share (diluted) Adjusted EBITDA (3) of $687.4 million Free cash flow (3) of $498.3 million $147.8 million of total cash dividends paid through December 31, 2025 $8.4 million of common stock repurchases through December 31, 2025 (1) Total may not foot due to rounding. (2) Numbers reflected exclude recent royalty acquisition. (3) Reconciliations of non-GAAP performance measures are provided in the tables below. Fourth quarter 2025 represents an excellent finish to a record year for TPL, said Tyler Glover, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Oil and gas royalty production, water sales volumes, and produced water royalties volumes set records for this quarter and for the fiscal year. We also delivered fiscal year records for consolidated revenue, net income, and free cash flow. Our differentiated scale across royalties, land, and water enabled us to expand capture rates and generate growth despite broader commodity price headwinds. In addition, we have made substantial progress with next-generation opportunities in data centers and produced water desalination, and we plan to continue deploying resources to accelerate commercialization. TPL still maintains a net cash position and a fully undrawn $500 million credit facility, providing the Company ample liquidity to invest countercyclically across royalty, land, and water and to expand shareholder return of capital. We remain steadfastly focused on maximizing long-term intrinsic value per share, and the opportunity set in front of us today across our legacy and next-gen businesses is robust as ever. Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter of 2025 - Sequential The Company reported net income of $123.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to net income of $121.2 million for the third quarter of 2025. Total revenues for the fourth quarter of 2025 were $211.6 million compared to $203.1 million for the third quarter of 2025. The increase in total revenues was primarily due to a $16.2 million increase in water sales and a $3.9 million increase in easements and other surface-related income, partially offset by a $12.0 million decrease in oil and gas royalty revenue compared to the third quarter of 2025. The Company s share of production was 37.5 thousand Boe per day for the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to 36.3 thousand Boe per day for the third quarter of 2025, and the Company s average realized price was $29.33 per Boe in the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to $34.10 per Boe in the third quarter of 2025. TPL s revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by its customers. Total operating expenses were $62.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to $54.0 million for the third quarter of 2025. The increase in operating expenses was principally related to a $7.0 million increase in depreciation, depletion and amortization expense and a $1.1 million increase in water service-related expenses during the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to the third quarter of 2025. Financial Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 The Company reported net income of $481.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to net income of $454.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025 were $798.2 million compared to $705.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in total revenues was primarily due to a $38.3 million increase in oil and gas royalty revenue, a $20.1 million 2 increase in produced water royalties, a $19.0 million increase in water sales, and an $18.5 million increase in easements and other surface-related in

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-25-000094_991.htm ===
EX-99.2 3 a3q2025tplinvestorpresen.htm EX-99.2 a3q2025tplinvestorpresen Investor Presentation November 2025 NYSE: TPL Texas Pacific Land Corporation Exhibit 99.2 Disclaimers This presentation has been designed to provide general information about Texas Pacific Land Corporation and its subsidiaries ( TPL or the Company ). Any information contained or referenced herein is suitable only as an introduction to the Company. The recipient is strongly encouraged to refer to and supplement this presentation with information the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this presentation, and nothing contained herein is, or shall be, relied upon as a promise or representation, whether as to the past or to the future. This presentation does not purport to include all of the information that may be required to evaluate the subject matter herein and any recipient hereof should conduct its own independent analysis of the Company and the data contained or referred to herein. Unless otherwise stated, statements in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, and nothing shall create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time after such date. TPL reserves the right to change any of its opinions expressed herein at any time as it deems appropriate. The Company disclaims any obligations to update the data, information or opinions contained herein or to notify the market or any other party of any such changes, other than required by law. Industry and Market Data The Company has neither sought nor obtained consent from any third party for the use of previously published information. Any such statements or information should not be viewed as indicating the support of such third party for the views expressed herein. The Company shall not be responsible or have any liability for any misinformation contained in any third party report, SEC or other regulatory filing. The industry in which the Company operates is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, which could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in these third-party publications. Some of the data included in this presentation is based on TPL s good faith estimates, which are derived from TPL s review of internal sources as well as the third party sources described above. All registered or unregistered service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this presentation are the property of their respective owners, and TPL s use herein does not imply an affiliation with, or endorsement by, the owners of these service marks, trademarks and trade names. Forward-looking Statements This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws that are based on TPL s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, TPL, and therefore involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about strategies, plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, expenditures and assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. When used in this document, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan and project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward- looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this presentation are reasonable, we may be unable to achieve these plans, intentions or expectations and actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially and adversely from those envisaged in this document. For more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or forecasted, see TPL s annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. The tables, graphs, charts and other analyses provided throughout this document are provided for illustrative purposes only and there is no guarantee that the trends, outcomes or market conditions depicted on them will continue in the future. There is no assurance or guarantee with respect to the prices at which the Company s common stock will trade, and such securities may not trade at prices that may be implied herein. TPL s forecasts and expectations for future periods are dependent upon many assumptions, including the drilling and development plans of our customers, estimates of production and potential drilling locations, which may be affected by commodity price declines or other factors that are beyond TPL s control. These materials are provided merely for general informational purposes and are not intended to be, nor should they be construed as 1) investment, financial, tax or legal advice, 2) a recommendation to buy or sell any security, or 3) an offer or solicitation to subscribe for or purchase any security. These materials do not consider the investment objective, financial situation, suitability or the particular need or circumstances of any specific individual who may receive or review this presentation, and may not be taken as advice on the merits of any investment decision. Although TPL believes the information herein to be reliable, the Company and persons acting on its behalf make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of those statements or any other written or oral communication it makes, safe as provided for by law, and the Company expressly disclaims any liability relating to those statements or communications (or any inaccuracies or omissions therein). These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to amounts presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ), this presentation includes certain supplemental non-GAAP measurements. These non- GAAP measurements are not to be considered more relevant or accurate than the measurements presented in accordance with GAAP. In compliance with requirements of the SEC, our non-GAAP measurements are reconciled to net in

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-25-000075_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 exhibit991q22025earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION ANNOUNCES RECORD SECOND QUARTER RESULTS AND ANNUAL STOCKHOLDER MEETING DATE Earnings Call to be Held Thursday, August 7, 2025 at 9 30 am CT DALLAS, TX (August 6, 2025) Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE TPL) (the Company, TPL, we, our or us ), one of the largest landowners in the State of Texas with surface and royalty ownership that provide revenue opportunities through the support of energy production, today announced its financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2025. Second Quarter 2025 Highlights Record results including Oil and gas royalty production of 33.2 thousand barrels of oil equivalent ( Boe ) per day Easements and other surface-related income revenue ( SLEM ) of $36.2 million Produced water royalties revenue of $30.7 million In July, began construction of 10,000 barrel per day produced water desalination facility in in Orla, Texas with estimated service date in late 2025. As of June 30, 2025, TPL s royalty acreage had an estimated 6.0 net well permits, 11.1 net drilled but uncompleted wells ( DUCs ), and 5.1 net completed but not producing wells ( CUPs ). Net well permits, DUCs, and CUPs total 22.2 net wells (1) . TPL had 95.4 net producing wells, and net producing wells added during the quarter had an average lateral length of approximately 9,376 feet. Land and Resource Management segment revenues of $128.5 million Water Services and Operations segment revenues of $59.0 million Consolidated net income of $116.1 million, or $5.05 per share (diluted) Adjusted EBITDA (2) of $166.2 million Free cash flow (2) of $130.1 million Quarterly cash dividend of $1.60 per share was paid on June 16, 2025 Six Months Ended June 30, 2025 Highlights Oil and gas royalty production of 32.2 thousand Boe per day Produced water royalties revenue of $58.4 million Land and Resource Management segment revenues of $255.1 million Water Services and Operations segment revenues of $128.4 million Consolidated net income of $236.8 million, or $10.29 per share (diluted) Adjusted EBITDA (2) of $335.6 million 1 Free cash flow (2) of $256.6 million $74.2 million of total cash dividends paid through June 30, 2025 (1) Total may not foot due to rounding. (2) Reconciliations of non-GAAP performance measures are provided in the tables below. This quarter s results demonstrate TPL s financial resilience amid commodity price volatility, with quarterly revenue records achieved in both SLEM and produced water royalties, said Tyler Glover, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. TPL s enormous footprint across royalties, surface, and water positions us to extract numerous sources of value from the Permian s exceptional resource. In particular, record produced water royalty revenue reflects TPL s unique position to deliver essential solutions and capture high-quality cash flows. With produced water management becoming an increasing focal point across the Permian, we have led the industry in procuring out-of-basin pore space for disposal, developing proprietary produced water desalination technology, and advancing beneficial reuse. Each of these initiatives represents significant revenue potential over both near and long-term horizons, while also ensuring that the broader Permian can sustain strong development. Financial Results for the Second Quarter of 2025 - Sequential The Company reported net income of $116.1 million for the second quarter of 2025 compared to net income of $120.7 million for the first quarter of 2025. Total revenues for the second quarter of 2025 were $187.5 million compared to $196.0 million for the first quarter of 2025. The decrease in total revenues was primarily due to a $16.2 million decrease in oil and gas royalty revenue and a $13.2 million decrease in water sales, partially offset by an $18.0 million increase in easements and other surface-related income compared to the first quarter of 2025. The Company s average realized price was $32.94 per Boe in the second quarter of 2025 compared to $41.58 per Boe in the first quarter of 2025, and the Company s share of production was 33.2 thousand Boe per day for the second quarter of 2025 compared to 31.1 thousand Boe per day for the first quarter of 2025. TPL s revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by its customers. Total operating expenses were $43.8 million for the second quarter of 2025 compared to $45.9 million for the first quarter of 2025. The decrease in operating expenses was principally related to a $2.7 million decrease in water service-related expenses during the second quarter of 2025 compared to the first quarter of 2025. Financial Results for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025 - Year Over Year The Company reported net income of $236.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 compared to net income of $229.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. Total revenues for the six months ended June 30, 2025 were $383.5 million compared to $346.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase in total revenues was primarily due to a $24.3 million increase in oil and gas royalty revenue and a $17.2 million increase in easements and other surface-related income. The Company s share of production was 32.2 thousand Boe per day for the six months ended June 30, 2025 compared to 24.9 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2024, and the average realized price was $37.10 per Boe for the six months ended June 30, 2025 compared to $42.07 per Boe for the same period of 2024. Easements and other surface-related income increased principally due to an increase of $10.6 million in pipeline easements, $2.3 million in wellbore easements and $1.5 million in commercial leases. TPL s revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by its customers. Total operating expenses were $89.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 compared to $77.2 million for the same period of 2024. The increase in operating expenses was principally related to a $15.0 million increase in depletion expense associated with oil and gas royalty interests acquired during the second half of 2024. Quarterly Dividend Declared On August 5, 2025, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.60 per share, payable on September 16, 2025 to stockholders of record at the close of business

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-25-000058_991.htm ===
EX-99.2 3 a1q2025tplinvestorpresen.htm EX-99.2 a1q2025tplinvestorpresen Investor Presentation May 2025 NYSE: TPL Texas Pacific Land Corporation Exhibit 99.2 Disclaimers This presentation has been designed to provide general information about Texas Pacific Land Corporation and its subsidiaries ( TPL or the Company ). Any information contained or referenced herein is suitable only as an introduction to the Company. The recipient is strongly encouraged to refer to and supplement this presentation with information the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this presentation, and nothing contained herein is, or shall be, relied upon as a promise or representation, whether as to the past or to the future. This presentation does not purport to include all of the information that may be required to evaluate the subject matter herein and any recipient hereof should conduct its own independent analysis of the Company and the data contained or referred to herein. Unless otherwise stated, statements in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, and nothing shall create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time after such date. TPL reserves the right to change any of its opinions expressed herein at any time as it deems appropriate. The Company disclaims any obligations to update the data, information or opinions contained herein or to notify the market or any other party of any such changes, other than required by law. Industry and Market Data The Company has neither sought nor obtained consent from any third party for the use of previously published information. Any such statements or information should not be viewed as indicating the support of such third party for the views expressed herein. The Company shall not be responsible or have any liability for any misinformation contained in any third party report, SEC or other regulatory filing. The industry in which the Company operates is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, which could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in these third-party publications. Some of the data included in this presentation is based on TPL s good faith estimates, which are derived from TPL s review of internal sources as well as the third party sources described above. All registered or unregistered service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this presentation are the property of their respective owners, and TPL s use herein does not imply an affiliation with, or endorsement by, the owners of these service marks, trademarks and trade names. Forward-looking Statements This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws that are based on TPL s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, TPL, and therefore involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about strategies, plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, expenditures and assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. When used in this document, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan and project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward- looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this presentation are reasonable, we may be unable to achieve these plans, intentions or expectations and actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially and adversely from those envisaged in this document. For more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or forecasted, see TPL s annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. The tables, graphs, charts and other analyses provided throughout this document are provided for illustrative purposes only and there is no guarantee that the trends, outcomes or market conditions depicted on them will continue in the future. There is no assurance or guarantee with respect to the prices at which the Company s common stock will trade, and such securities may not trade at prices that may be implied herein. TPL s forecasts and expectations for future periods are dependent upon many assumptions, including the drilling and development plans of our customers, estimates of production and potential drilling locations, which may be affected by commodity price declines or other factors that are beyond TPL s control. These materials are provided merely for general informational purposes and are not intended to be, nor should they be construed as 1) investment, financial, tax or legal advice, 2) a recommendation to buy or sell any security, or 3) an offer or solicitation to subscribe for or purchase any security. These materials do not consider the investment objective, financial situation, suitability or the particular need or circumstances of any specific individual who may receive or review this presentation, and may not be taken as advice on the merits of any investment decision. Although TPL believes the information herein to be reliable, the Company and persons acting on its behalf make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of those statements or any other written or oral communication it makes, safe as provided for by law, and the Company expressly disclaims any liability relating to those statements or communications (or any inaccuracies or omissions therein). These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to amounts presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ), this presentation includes certain supplemental non-GAAP measurements. These non- GAAP measurements are not to be considered more relevant or accurate than the measurements presented in accordance with GAAP. In compliance with requirements of the SEC, our non-GAAP measurements are reconciled to net income,

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-25-000042_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 exhibit991q42024earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION ANNOUNCES FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2024 RESULTS Achieved Record Annual Performance From Water Segment Earnings Call to be Held Thursday, February 20, 2025 at 7 30 am CT DALLAS, TX (February 19, 2025) Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE TPL) (the Company, TPL, we, our or us ), one of the largest landowners in the State of Texas with surface and royalty ownership that provide revenue opportunities through the support of energy production and extraction, today announced its financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2024. Fourth Quarter 2024 Highlights Acquired mineral interests across 7,490 net royalty acres located primarily in the Midland Basin for a purchase price of $275.2 million, net of post-close adjustments, in an all-cash transaction in October 2024. Royalty production of 29.1 thousand barrels of oil equivalent ( Boe ) per day, a company record As of December 31, 2024, TPL s royalty acreage had an estimated 6.4 net well permits, 13.2 net drilled but uncompleted wells, 3.0 net completed wells, and 86.8 net producing wells net producing wells added during the quarter had an average lateral length of approximately 10,100 ft. Consolidated net income of $118.4 million, or $5.14 per share (diluted) Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $161.3 million Free cash flow (1) of $123.7 million Quarterly cash dividend of $1.60 per share was paid on December 16, 2024 Full Year 2024 Highlights Record oil and gas royalty production of 26.8 thousand Boe per day Water Service and Operations segment achieved record performance in 2024 for the following Water sales revenue of $150.7 million Produced water royalties revenue of $104.1 million Total segment revenues of $265.0 million Total segment net income of $139.1 million Developed an energy-efficient method of produced water desalination and treatment the Company successfully conducted a technology pilot and has begun construction of a sub-scale produced water test facility with an initial capacity of 10,000 barrels of produced water per day Three-for-one stock split effected March 26, 2024 Completed two acquisitions of mineral interests for a combined $395.5 million, both in all cash transactions, adding approximately 11,600 net royalty acres to our existing royalty acreage. The acquisitions were completed in August and October 2024. 1 Acquired 4,120 surface acres and other surface-related assets located in the core of the Midland Basin for a purchase price of $45.0 million, in an all-cash transaction closed in August 2024. Consolidated net income of $454.0 million, or $19.72 per share (diluted) Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $610.7 million Free cash flow (1) of $461.1 million $347.3 million of total cash dividends paid through December 31, 2024 (composed of a $10.00 per share special dividend and $5.11 per share in regular quarterly cash dividends) $29.2 million of common stock repurchases (1) Reconciliations of non-GAAP performance measures are provided in the tables below. Fourth quarter 2024 represented a strong finish to a year full of milestones and accomplishments for TPL, said Tyler Glover, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. In the quarter, we delivered record oil and gas royalty production and produced water royalty volumes. For the full year 2024, TPL set annual records across nearly every major performance metric, including oil and gas royalty production, water sales volumes and revenues, produced water royalty volumes and revenues, net income and free cash flow per share. Throughout 2024, we deployed over $400 million towards accretive, high-quality royalty interests and surface assets, providing an incremental growth tailwind. Beyond our legacy business, we are keenly pursuing various next-gen growth prospects and continue to advance commercial discussions across numerous opportunities. In addition, construction has begun on our sub-scale produced water desalination test facility, and we remain on-track for a mid-2025 completion. Furthermore, there remains a compelling opportunity to consolidate an enormous, yet fragmented market for oil and gas royalties, surface, and water assets. With our unmatched footprint overlapping premier hydrocarbon and non-hydrocarbon natural resources, TPL remains well-positioned to drive accretive growth. Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter of 2024 - Sequential The Company reported net income of $118.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to net income of $106.6 million for the third quarter of 2024. Total revenues for the fourth quarter of 2024 were $185.8 million compared to $173.6 million for the third quarter of 2024. The increase in revenues was primarily due to a $7.5 million increase in easements and other surface-related income and a $2.5 million increase in oil and gas royalty revenue compared to the third quarter of 2024. The Company s share of production was 29.1 thousand Boe per day for the fourth quarter of 2024 versus 28.3 thousand Boe per day for the third quarter of 2024, and the average realized price was $37.93 per Boe in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $38.04 per Boe in the third quarter of 2024. TPL s revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by its customers. Total operating expenses were $43.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $46.2 million for the third quarter of 2024. The decrease in operating expenses was principally related to a $5.8 million decrease in general and administrative expenses and a $2.4 million decrease in water service-related expenses, partially offset by a $5.7 million increase in depreciation, depletion and amortization during the fourth quarter of 2024 over the same period. Financial Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 were $705.8 million compared to $631.6 million for the prior year. All revenue streams except land sales, increased for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the prior year, with a $38.5 million increase in water sales being the biggest contributor. The growth in water sales was principally due to an increase of 31.0% in water sales volumes for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. Produced water royalties increased $19.9 million, principally due to increased produced water volumes. Additionally, oil and gas royalty revenue increased

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-24-000058_991.htm ===
EX-99.2 3 a3q2024tplinvestorpresen.htm EX-99.2 a3q2024tplinvestorpresen Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE: TPL) Investor Presentation November 2024 Exhibit 99.2 Disclaimers This presentation has been designed to provide general information about Texas Pacific Land Corporation and its subsidiaries ( TPL or the Company ). Any information contained or referenced herein is suitable only as an introduction to the Company. The recipient is strongly encouraged to refer to and supplement this presentation with information the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this presentation, and nothing contained herein is, or shall be, relied upon as a promise or representation, whether as to the past or to the future. This presentation does not purport to include all of the information that may be required to evaluate the subject matter herein and any recipient hereof should conduct its own independent analysis of the Company and the data contained or referred to herein. Unless otherwise stated, statements in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, and nothing shall create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time after such date. TPL reserves the right to change any of its opinions expressed herein at any time as it deems appropriate. The Company disclaims any obligations to update the data, information or opinions contained herein or to notify the market or any other party of any such changes, other than required by law. Industry and Market Data The Company has neither sought nor obtained consent from any third party for the use of previously published information. Any such statements or information should not be viewed as indicating the support of such third party for the views expressed herein. The Company shall not be responsible or have any liability for any misinformation contained in any third party report, SEC or other regulatory filing. The industry in which the Company operates is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, which could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in these third-party publications. Some of the data included in this presentation is based on TPL s good faith estimates, which are derived from TPL s review of internal sources as well as the third party sources described above. All registered or unregistered service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this presentation are the property of their respective owners, and TPL s use herein does not imply an affiliation with, or endorsement by, the owners of these service marks, trademarks and trade names. Forward-looking Statements This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws that are based on TPL s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, TPL, and therefore involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about strategies, plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, expenditures and assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. When used in this document, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan and project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward- looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this presentation are reasonable, we may be unable to achieve these plans, intentions or expectations and actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially and adversely from those envisaged in this document. For more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or forecasted, see TPL s annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. The tables, graphs, charts and other analyses provided throughout this document are provided for illustrative purposes only and there is no guarantee that the trends, outcomes or market conditions depicted on them will continue in the future. There is no assurance or guarantee with respect to the prices at which the Company s common stock will trade, and such securities may not trade at prices that may be implied herein. TPL s forecasts and expectations for future periods are dependent upon many assumptions, including the drilling and development plans of our customers, estimates of production and potential drilling locations, which may be affected by commodity price declines or other factors that are beyond TPL s control. These materials are provided merely for general informational purposes and are not intended to be, nor should they be construed as 1) investment, financial, tax or legal advice, 2) a recommendation to buy or sell any security, or 3) an offer or solicitation to subscribe for or purchase any security. These materials do not consider the investment objective, financial situation, suitability or the particular need or circumstances of any specific individual who may receive or review this presentation, and may not be taken as advice on the merits of any investment decision. Although TPL believes the information herein to be reliable, the Company and persons acting on its behalf make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of those statements or any other written or oral communication it makes, safe as provided for by law, and the Company expressly disclaims any liability relating to those statements or communications (or any inaccuracies or omissions therein). These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to amounts presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ), this presentation includes certain supplemental non-GAAP measurements. These non- GAAP measurements are not to be considered more relevant or accurate than the measurements presented in accordance with GAAP. In compliance with requirements of the SEC, our non-GAAP measurements are reconciled to net 

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-24-000047_991.htm ===
EX-99.2 3 a2q2024tplinvestorpresen.htm EX-99.2 a2q2024tplinvestorpresen Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE: TPL) Investor Presentation August 2024 Exhibit 99.2 Disclaimers This presentation has been designed to provide general information about Texas Pacific Land Corporation and its subsidiaries ( TPL or the Company ). Any information contained or referenced herein is suitable only as an introduction to the Company. The recipient is strongly encouraged to refer to and supplement this presentation with information the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this presentation, and nothing contained herein is, or shall be, relied upon as a promise or representation, whether as to the past or to the future. This presentation does not purport to include all of the information that may be required to evaluate the subject matter herein and any recipient hereof should conduct its own independent analysis of the Company and the data contained or referred to herein. Unless otherwise stated, statements in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, and nothing shall create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time after such date. TPL reserves the right to change any of its opinions expressed herein at any time as it deems appropriate. The Company disclaims any obligations to update the data, information or opinions contained herein or to notify the market or any other party of any such changes, other than required by law. Industry and Market Data The Company has neither sought nor obtained consent from any third party for the use of previously published information. Any such statements or information should not be viewed as indicating the support of such third party for the views expressed herein. The Company shall not be responsible or have any liability for any misinformation contained in any third party report, SEC or other regulatory filing. The industry in which the Company operates is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, which could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in these third-party publications. Some of the data included in this presentation is based on TPL s good faith estimates, which are derived from TPL s review of internal sources as well as the third party sources described above. All registered or unregistered service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this presentation are the property of their respective owners, and TPL s use herein does not imply an affiliation with, or endorsement by, the owners of these service marks, trademarks and trade names. Forward-looking Statements This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws that are based on TPL s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, TPL, and therefore involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about strategies, plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, expenditures and assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. When used in this document, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan and project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward- looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this presentation are reasonable, we may be unable to achieve these plans, intentions or expectations and actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially and adversely from those envisaged in this document. For more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or forecasted, see TPL s annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. The tables, graphs, charts and other analyses provided throughout this document are provided for illustrative purposes only and there is no guarantee that the trends, outcomes or market conditions depicted on them will continue in the future. There is no assurance or guarantee with respect to the prices at which the Company s common stock will trade, and such securities may not trade at prices that may be implied herein. TPL s forecasts and expectations for future periods are dependent upon many assumptions, including the drilling and development plans of our customers, estimates of production and potential drilling locations, which may be affected by commodity price declines or other factors that are beyond TPL s control. These materials are provided merely for general informational purposes and are not intended to be, nor should they be construed as 1) investment, financial, tax or legal advice, 2) a recommendation to buy or sell any security, or 3) an offer or solicitation to subscribe for or purchase any security. These materials do not consider the investment objective, financial situation, suitability or the particular need or circumstances of any specific individual who may receive or review this presentation, and may not be taken as advice on the merits of any investment decision. Although TPL believes the information herein to be reliable, the Company and persons acting on its behalf make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of those statements or any other written or oral communication it makes, safe as provided for by law, and the Company expressly disclaims any liability relating to those statements or communications (or any inaccuracies or omissions therein). These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to amounts presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ), this presentation includes certain supplemental non-GAAP measurements. These non- GAAP measurements are not to be considered more relevant or accurate than the measurements presented in accordance with GAAP. In compliance with requirements of the SEC, our non-GAAP measurements are reconciled to net in

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-24-000029_991.htm ===
EX-99.2 3 a1q2024tplinvestorpresen.htm EX-99.2 a1q2024tplinvestorpresen Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE: TPL) Investor Presentation May 2024 Exhibit 99.2 Disclaimers This presentation has been designed to provide general information about Texas Pacific Land Corporation and its subsidiaries ( TPL or the Company ). Any information contained or referenced herein is suitable only as an introduction to the Company. The recipient is strongly encouraged to refer to and supplement this presentation with information the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this presentation, and nothing contained herein is, or shall be, relied upon as a promise or representation, whether as to the past or to the future. This presentation does not purport to include all of the information that may be required to evaluate the subject matter herein and any recipient hereof should conduct its own independent analysis of the Company and the data contained or referred to herein. Unless otherwise stated, statements in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, and nothing shall create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time after such date. TPL reserves the right to change any of its opinions expressed herein at any time as it deems appropriate. The Company disclaims any obligations to update the data, information or opinions contained herein or to notify the market or any other party of any such changes, other than required by law. Industry and Market Data The Company has neither sought nor obtained consent from any third party for the use of previously published information. Any such statements or information should not be viewed as indicating the support of such third party for the views expressed herein. The Company shall not be responsible or have any liability for any misinformation contained in any third party report, SEC or other regulatory filing. The industry in which the Company operates is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, which could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in these third-party publications. Some of the data included in this presentation is based on TPL s good faith estimates, which are derived from TPL s review of internal sources as well as the third party sources described above. All registered or unregistered service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this presentation are the property of their respective owners, and TPL s use herein does not imply an affiliation with, or endorsement by, the owners of these service marks, trademarks and trade names. Forward-looking Statements This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws that are based on TPL s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, TPL, and therefore involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about strategies, plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, expenditures and assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. When used in this document, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan and project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward- looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this presentation are reasonable, we may be unable to achieve these plans, intentions or expectations and actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially and adversely from those envisaged in this document. For more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or forecasted, see TPL s annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. The tables, graphs, charts and other analyses provided throughout this document are provided for illustrative purposes only and there is no guarantee that the trends, outcomes or market conditions depicted on them will continue in the future. There is no assurance or guarantee with respect to the prices at which the Company s common stock will trade, and such securities may not trade at prices that may be implied herein. TPL s forecasts and expectations for future periods are dependent upon many assumptions, including the drilling and development plans of our customers, estimates of production and potential drilling locations, which may be affected by commodity price declines or other factors that are beyond TPL s control. These materials are provided merely for general informational purposes and are not intended to be, nor should they be construed as 1) investment, financial, tax or legal advice, 2) a recommendation to buy or sell any security, or 3) an offer or solicitation to subscribe for or purchase any security. These materials do not consider the investment objective, financial situation, suitability or the particular need or circumstances of any specific individual who may receive or review this presentation, and may not be taken as advice on the merits of any investment decision. Although TPL believes the information herein to be reliable, the Company and persons acting on its behalf make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of those statements or any other written or oral communication it makes, safe as provided for by law, and the Company expressly disclaims any liability relating to those statements or communications (or any inaccuracies or omissions therein). These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to amounts presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ), this presentation includes certain supplemental non-GAAP measurements. These non- GAAP measurements are not to be considered more relevant or accurate than the measurements presented in accordance with GAAP. In compliance with requirements of the SEC, our non-GAAP measurements are reconciled to net incom

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-24-000013_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 exhibit991q42023earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION ANNOUNCES FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2023 RESULTS Earnings Call to be held 7 30 am CT on Thursday, February 22, 2024 DALLAS, TX (February 21, 2024) Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE TPL) (the Company or TPL ) today announced its financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2023. Fourth Quarter 2023 Highlights Net income of $113.1 million, or $14.73 per share (diluted) Revenues of $166.7 million Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $150.9 million Free cash flow (1) of $116.3 million Royalty production of 26.3 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day, the highest quarterly royalty production level in TPL history $10.2 million of common stock repurchases Quarterly cash dividend of $3.25 per share paid on December 15, 2023 As of December 31, 2023, TPL s royalty acreage had an estimated 4.5 net well permits, 9.7 net drilled but uncompleted wells, 2.8 net completed wells, and 67.2 net producing wells. Full Year 2023 Highlights Net income of $405.6 million, or $52.77 per share (diluted) Revenues of $631.6 million Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $541.4 million Free cash flow (1) of $415.5 million Royalty production of 23.5 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day $42.4 million of common stock repurchases $100.0 million of total cash dividends paid during 2023 (comprised of $13.00 per share in regular dividends) (1) Reconciliations of Non-GAAP measures are provided in the tables below. Fourth quarter 2023 capped off a strong year for TPL, said Tyler Glover, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Driven by robust oil and gas royalty production and continued growth of our water and surface businesses, total consolidated revenues and free cash flow for this most recent quarter were the highest of any quarter in 2023. For the full year 2023, TPL generated record revenues from our Water segment, while revenues from our easements and other surface-related income grew nearly 50% year-over-year. This growth of our surface-related businesses helped to substantially offset lower commodity prices. Looking ahead to 2024, we continue to see strong activity on our royalty and surface acreage. With an unmatched Permian asset footprint, high free cash flow margins, a 1 resilient business mix, and a large net cash balance, TPL is well-positioned in 2024 to seize on opportunities for value-added growth and shareholder return of capital. Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter of 2023 The Company reported net income of $113.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to net income of $99.7 million for the fourth quarter of 2022. Total revenues for the fourth quarter of 2023 were $166.7 million compared to $152.7 million for the fourth quarter of 2022. The increase in revenue was principally due to a combined increase of $10.1 million in water sales and produced water royalties and an increase of $8.3 million in easements and other surface-related income. Oil and gas royalty revenue increased $2.1 million due to higher production volumes in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to the fourth quarter of 2022 partially offset by lower average commodity prices over the same period. The Company s share of production was 26.3 thousand barrels of oil equivalent ( Boe ) per day for the fourth quarter of 2023 versus 21.3 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2022. The average realized price was $42.81 per Boe in the fourth quarter of 2023 versus $51.57 per Boe in the fourth quarter of 2022. TPL s revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by our customers. Total operating expenses of $32.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2023 increased $4.3 million compared to the same period of 2022. The change in operating expenses is principally related to an increase in water service-related expenses resulting from increased water sales activity during the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to the same period of 2022. Financial Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 The Company reported net income of $405.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of 9.1% compared to net income of $446.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total revenues decreased $35.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the same period of 2022. Oil and gas royalty revenue of $357.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes an $8.7 million recovery, as discussed below. As part of an ongoing arbitration between TPL and an operator with respect to underpayment of oil and gas royalties resulting from improper deductions of post-production costs by the operator for production periods before and through June 2023, the operator agreed to pay $10.1 million to TPL, comprised of $8.7 million of unpaid oil and gas royalties, $0.9 million of interest and $0.5 million of damages (the O G Settlement ). Excluding the impact of the $8.7 million recovery, oil and gas royalty revenue decreased $103.7 million compared to the same period of 2022. The Company s share of production was approximately 23.5 thousand Boe per day for the year ended December 31, 2023 versus 21.3 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2022. The average realized price was $42.58 per Boe for the year ended December 31, 2023 versus $60.81 per Boe for the same period of 2022. The decrease in oil and gas royalty revenue was partially offset by a combined increase of $39.5 million in water sales and produced water royalties and an increase of $22.9 million in easements and other surface-related income. TPL s revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by our customers. Total operating expenses of $145.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased $40.4 million compared to the same period of 2022. The change in operating expenses is principally related to increases in legal and professional fees and water service-related expenses during the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the same period of 2022. During 2023, the Company made the operational decision to incur higher water service-related expenses in order to meet increased customer demand for water within shorter time commitments. This decision, in turn, resulted in higher water sales revenue and operating income during 2023 over 2022. Quarterly Dividend Declared On February 13, 2024, the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-23-000051_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 exhibit991q32023earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION ANNOUNCES THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Earnings Call to be held 7 30 am CT on Thursday, November 2, 2023 DALLAS, TX (November 1, 2023) Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE TPL) (the Company or TPL ) today announced its financial and operating results for the third quarter of 2023. Third Quarter 2023 Highlights Net income of $105.6 million, or $13.74 per share (diluted) Revenues of $158.0 million Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $141.0 million Free cash flow (1) of $106.1 million Royalty production of 21.8 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day $5.9 million of common stock repurchases Quarterly cash dividend of $3.25 per share paid on September 15, 2023 As of September 30, 2023, TPL's royalty acreage had an estimated 6.7 net well permits, 7.9 net drilled but uncompleted wells, 5.2 net completed wells, and 62.8 net producing wells. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Highlights Net income of $292.5 million, or $38.04 per share (diluted) Revenues of $464.9 million Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $390.5 million Free Cash Flow (1) of $299.2 million Royalty production of 22.6 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day $32.2 million of common stock repurchases $75.0 million of total cash dividends paid during 2023 (comprised of $9.75 per share in regular dividends) (1) Reconciliations of Non-GAAP measures are provided in the tables below. With improving oil and gas prices and continued performance across our surface and water assets, third quarter 2023 represents another period of strong free cash flow generation, said Tyler Glover, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Although recent oil and gas production volumes may have been impacted by reports of infrastructure challenges over the summer and turned-to-sales timing from greater co-completion developments, our outlook remains robust for Permian development. For this most recent quarter, new permit and new spud activity increased materially from the prior sequential quarter. With a strong well inventory backlog, over 50 1 rigs operating on TPL royalty acreage, and a supportive commodity price backdrop in the current environment, we continue to believe that underlying fundamentals reinforce a very positive trajectory for TPL s business. Financial Results for the Third Quarter of 2023 The Company reported net income of $105.6 million for the third quarter of 2023 compared to net income of $129.8 million for the third quarter of 2022. Total revenues for the third quarter of 2023 were $158.0 million compared to $191.1 million for the third quarter of 2022. Oil and gas royalty revenue decreased $43.2 million due to lower average commodity prices and lower production volumes in the third quarter of 2023 compared to the third quarter of 2022. The average realized price was $45.41 per barrel of oil equivalent ( Boe ) in the third quarter of 2023 versus $63.42 per Boe in the third quarter of 2022. The Company's share of production was 21.8 thousand Boe per day for the third quarter of 2023 versus 23.4 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2022. The decrease in oil and gas royalty revenue was partially offset by an increase of $4.1 million in easements and other surface-related income and a combined increase of $3.7 million in water sales and produced water royalties. TPL's revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by our customers and vary as the pace of development and oil demand varies. Total operating expenses of $31.0 million for the third quarter of 2023 increased $2.0 million compared to the same period of 2022. The change in operating expenses is principally related to an increase in water service-related expenses resulting from increased water sales activity during the third quarter of 2023 compared to the same period of 2022. Financial Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 The Company reported net income of $292.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 15.6% compared to net income of $346.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2022. Total revenues decreased $49.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 compared to the same period of 2022. Oil and gas royalty revenue of $258.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 include approximately $8.7 million related to an ongoing arbitration between TPL and an operator with respect to underpayment of oil and gas royalties resulting from improper deductions of post-production costs by the operator for periods before and through April 2022 (the $8.7 Million Stipulation ). Excluding the impact of the $8.7 Million Stipulation, oil and gas royalty revenue decreased $105.8 million compared to the same period of 2022. The Company's share of production was approximately 22.6 thousand Boe per day for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 versus 21.3 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2022. The average realized price was $42.49 per Boe for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 versus $63.93 per Boe for the same period of 2022. The decrease in oil and gas royalty revenue was partially offset by a combined increase of $29.4 million in water sales and produced water royalties and an increase of $14.6 million in easements and other surface-related income. TPL's revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by our customers and vary as the pace of development and oil demand varies. Total operating expenses of $112.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased $36.1 million compared to the same period of 2022. The change in operating expenses is principally related to increases in legal and professional fees and water service-related expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 compared to the same period of 2022. Quarterly Dividend Declared On October 31, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $3.25 per share, payable on December 15, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on December 1, 2023. Conference Call and Webcast Information The Company will hold a conference call on Thursday, November 2, 2023 at 7 30 a.m. Central Time to discuss third quarter 2023 results. A live webcast of the conference call will be available on the Investors section of the Company s website at http www.TexasPacific.com. To listen to the live broadcast, go to the s

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-23-000039_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 exhibit991q22023earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION ANNOUNCES SECOND QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Earnings Call to be held 7 30 am CT on Thursday, August 3, 2023 DALLAS, TX (August 2, 2023) Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE TPL) (the Company or TPL ) today announced its financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2023. Second Quarter 2023 Highlights Net income of $100.4 million, or $13.06 per share (basic) and $13.05 per share (diluted) Revenues of $160.6 million Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $133.6 million Free cash flow (1) of $105.1 million Royalty production of 24.9 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day $19.5 million of common stock repurchases Quarterly cash dividend of $3.25 per share paid on June 15, 2023 As of June 30, 2023, TPL's royalty acreage had an estimated 4.9 net well permits, 8.2 net drilled but uncompleted wells, 2.3 net completed wells, and 62.6 net producing wells. Six Months Ended June 30, 2023 Highlights Net income of $187.0 million, or $24.31 per share (basic) and $24.30 per share (diluted) Revenues of $307.0 million Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $249.5 million Free Cash Flow (1) of $193.2 million Royalty production of 22.9 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day $26.2 million of common stock repurchases $50.0 million of total cash dividends paid during 2023 (comprised of $6.50 per share in regular dividends) (1) Reconciliations of Non-GAAP measures are provided in the tables below. For the second quarter of 2023, TPL achieved new records across a number of key metrics, said Tyler Glover, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Oil and gas royalty production, source water revenues and volumes, and produced water royalties all set new Company quarterly records. Easements and surface-related income continued a strong year generating its largest quarterly revenue since 2019. Although commodity prices were lower this quarter on a sequential quarter basis, our other revenue streams outside of oil and gas royalties attained impressive growth. With continued strong operator activity levels across our Permian royalty 1 and surface acreage, TPL is well-positioned to capture these growing opportunities and to extract maximum value from our unique and expansive asset base. Financial Results for the Second Quarter of 2023 The Company reported net income of $100.4 million for the second quarter of 2023 compared to net income of $118.9 million for the second quarter of 2022. Total revenues for the second quarter of 2023 were $160.6 million compared to $176.3 million for the second quarter of 2022. Oil and gas royalty revenue decreased $38.9 million due to lower average commodity prices in the second quarter of 2023 compared to the second quarter of 2022. The average realized price declined 45.9% to $38.04 per barrel of oil equivalent ( Boe ) in the second quarter of 2023 from $70.36 per Boe in the second quarter of 2022. Our share of production increased to 24.9 thousand Boe per day for the second quarter of 2023 from 19.8 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2022. The decrease in oil and gas royalty revenue was partially offset by a combined increase of $17.5 million in water sales and produced water royalties and an increase of $4.7 million in easements and other surface-related income. Our revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by our customers and vary as the pace of development and oil demand varies. Our total operating expenses of $40.3 million for the second quarter of 2023 increased $15.8 million compared to the same period of 2022. The increase in operating expenses is principally related to increases in legal and professional fees and water service-related expenses during the second quarter of 2023 compared to the same period of 2022. Financial Results for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2023 The Company reported net income of $187.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of 13.8% compared to net income of $216.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2022. Our total revenues decreased $16.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 compared to the same period of 2022. Oil and gas royalty revenue of $171.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 include approximately $8.7 million related to an ongoing arbitration between TPL and an operator with respect to underpayment of oil and gas royalties resulting from improper deductions of post-production costs for periods before and through April 2022 (the $8.7 Million Stipulation ). Excluding the impact of the $8.7 Million Stipulation, oil and gas royalty revenue decreased $62.6 million compared to the same period of 2022. Our share of production was approximately 22.9 thousand Boe per day for the six months ended June 30, 2023 compared to 20.3 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2022. The average realized price was $41.08 per Boe for the six months ended June 30, 2023 compared to $64.22 per Boe for the same period of 2022. The decrease in oil and gas royalty revenue was partially offset by an $18.3 million increase in water sales and a $7.4 million increase in produced water royalties. Our revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by our customers and vary as the pace of development and oil demand varies. Our total operating expenses of $81.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 increased $34.2 million compared to the same period of 2022. The increase in operating expenses is principally related to increases in legal and professional fees and water service-related expenses during the six months ended June 30, 2023 compared to the same period of 2022. Quarterly Dividend Declared On August 1, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $3.25 per share, payable on September 15, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on September 1, 2023. Conference Call and Webcast Information The Company will hold a conference call on Thursday, August 3, 2023 at 7 30 a.m. Central Time to discuss second quarter 2023 results. A live webcast of the conference call will be available on the Investors section of the Company s website at http www.TexasPacific.com. To listen to the live broadcast, go to the site at least 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time in order to register and install any necessary audio software. The conference call can also be accessed by dialing 1-844

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-23-000023_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 exhibit991q12023earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION ANNOUNCES FIRST QUARTER RESULTS Earnings Call to be held 7 30 am CT on Thursday, May 4, 2023 DALLAS, TX (May 3, 2023) Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE TPL) (the Company or TPL ) today announced its financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2023. First Quarter 2023 Highlights Net income of $86.6 million, or $11.25 per share (basic) and $11.24 per share (diluted) Revenues of $146.4 million Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $115.9 million Free cash flow (1) of $88.0 million Royalty production of 20.9 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day $6.7 million of common stock repurchases Quarterly cash dividend of $3.25 per share paid on March 15, 2023 As of March 31, 2023, TPL's royalty acreage had an estimated 5.0 net well permits, 7.8 net drilled but uncompleted wells, 3.3 net completed wells, and 59.4 net producing wells. (1) Reconciliations of Non-GAAP measures are provided in the tables below. While commodity price volatility has continued into 2023, TPL s high-margin cash flow profile and fortress balance sheet provide the Company the ability to drive value for shareholders through any cycle, said Tyler Glover, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company continues to generate meaningful free cash flow across both of our operating segments. Although broader oil and gas industry activity may be impacted by an evolving commodity price and economic environment, our expansive position across high-quality Permian acreage continues to see strong near-term development while still retaining tremendous value for the long-term. Financial Results for the First Quarter of 2023 The Company reported net income of $86.6 million for the first quarter of 2023 compared to net income of $97.9 million for the first quarter of 2022. Total revenues for the first quarter of 2023 were $146.4 million compared to $147.3 million for the first quarter of 2022. Oil and gas royalties of $89.1 million for the first quarter of 2023 include approximately $8.7 million related to an ongoing arbitration between TPL and an operator with respect to underpayment of oil and gas royalties resulting from improper deductions of post-production costs for periods before and through April 2022 (the $8.7 Million Stipulation ). Excluding the impact of the $8.7 Million Stipulation, oil and gas royalties decreased $23.7 million due to lower average commodity prices in the first quarter of 2023 compared to the first quarter of 2022. The average realized price declined 23.2% to $44.76 per barrel of oil equivalent ( Boe ) in the first quarter of 2023 from $58.31 per Boe in the first quarter of 2022. Our share of production remained relatively consistent at 20.9 thousand Boe per day for the first quarter of 2023 compared to 20.8 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2022. The decrease in oil and gas royalty revenue was partially offset by an increase of $5.8 million in easements and other surface-related income and a combined increase of 1 $8.2 million in produced water royalties and water sales. Our revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by our customers and vary as the pace of development and oil demand varies. Our total operating expenses of $41.4 million for the first quarter of 2023 increased $18.4 million compared to the same period of 2022. The increase in operating expenses is principally related to an increase in legal and professional fees during the first quarter of 2023 compared to the same period of 2022. Quarterly Dividend Declared On May 2, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $3.25 per share, payable on June 15, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on June 8, 2023. Conference Call and Webcast Information The Company will hold a conference call on Thursday, May 4, 2023 at 7 30 a.m. Central Time to discuss first quarter results. A live webcast of the conference call will be available on the Investors section of the Company s website at http www.TexasPacific.com. To listen to the live broadcast, go to the site at least 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time in order to register and install any necessary audio software. The conference call can also be accessed by dialing 1-877-407-4018 or 1-201-689-8471. The telephone replay can be accessed by dialing 1-844-512-2921 or 1-412-317-6671 and providing the conference ID# 13734728. The telephone replay will be available starting shortly after the call through May 18, 2023. About Texas Pacific Land Corporation Texas Pacific Land Corporation is one of the largest landowners in the State of Texas with approximately 874,000 acres of land in West Texas, with the majority of its ownership concentrated in the Permian Basin. The Company is not an oil and gas producer, but its surface and royalty ownership provide revenue opportunities throughout the life cycle of a well. These revenue opportunities include fixed fee payments for use of our land, revenue for sales of materials (caliche) used in the construction of infrastructure, providing sourced water and or treated produced water, revenue from our oil and gas royalty interests, and revenues related to saltwater disposal on our land. The Company also generates revenue from pipeline, power line and utility easements, commercial leases and temporary permits related to a variety of land uses including midstream infrastructure projects and hydrocarbon processing facilities. Visit TPL at http www.TexasPacific.com. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are based on TPL s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, TPL, and therefore involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Generally, future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could, or may and the words believe, anticipate, continue, intend, expect and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, references to strategies, plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, assumptions, future operations and prospects and other statements that are not historical facts. You should not place undue reliance on

=== [ER] edgar_0001811074-23-000012_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 exhibit991q42022earningsre.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 TEXAS PACIFIC LAND CORPORATION ANNOUNCES FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR RESULTS Earnings Call to be held 7 30 am CT on Thursday, February 23, 2023 DALLAS, TX (February 22, 2023) Texas Pacific Land Corporation (NYSE TPL) (the Company or TPL ) today announced its financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2022. Fourth Quarter 2022 Highlights Net income of $99.7 million, or $12.95 per share (basic) and $12.94 per share (diluted) Revenues of $152.7 million Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $133.9 million Royalty production of 21.3 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day $29.5 million of common stock repurchases Quarterly cash dividend of $3.00 per share paid on December 15, 2022 As of December 31, 2022, TPL's royalty acreage had an estimated 5.0 net well permits, 7.4 net drilled but uncompleted wells, 2.3 net completed wells, and 57.7 net producing wells. Full Year 2022 Highlights Net income of $446.4 million, or $57.80 per share (basic) and $57.77 per share (diluted) Revenues of $667.4 million Adjusted EBITDA (1) of $591.8 million Royalty production of 21.3 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day $87.9 million of common stock repurchases $247.3 million of total cash dividends paid during 2022 (comprised of a $20.00 per share special dividend and $12.00 per share in regular dividends) Published annual update of Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) disclosure including metrics for 2021 (1) Reconciliations of Non-GAAP measures are provided in the tables below. For the full year 2022, TPL achieved record results across both of our operating segments, record consolidated adjusted EBITDA, and record earnings per share, said Tyler Glover, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The strong performance reflects the high quality of our underlying assets, the benefits of our active management approach, and the advantages of a vertically integrated business model. We also continue to make progress towards extracting value beyond our legacy revenue streams with opportunities such as carbon capture, grid batteries, renewables, and beneficial water reuse. Looking forward to 2023, although recent commodity prices have experienced some volatility, development activity in the Permian will remain robust. TPL is well positioned to capture value and generate free cash flow, and we look forward to sustaining our positive momentum into the new year. 1 Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter of 2022 The Company reported net income of $99.7 million for the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of 26.2% compared to net income of $79.0 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. Our total revenues increased $5.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, largely driven by a $6.4 million land sale of 6,263 acres and a $4.6 million increase in produced water royalties, principally related to increased volumes. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of $3.6 million in water sales, principally due to a 15.2% decrease in the number of barrels of sourced and treated water sold, and a decrease of $2.9 million in oil and gas royalties. Our share of production was approximately 21.3 thousand barrels of oil equivalent ( Boe ) per day for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to 22.0 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2021. The average realized price was $51.57 per Boe for the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $51.53 per Boe for the comparable period of 2021. Our revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by our customers and vary as the pace of development and oil demand varies. Our total operating expenses of $28.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2022 increased $7.2 million compared to the same period of 2021. The increase in operating expenses is principally related to an increase in share-based compensation expense driven by the graded-vesting accounting method and an increase in ad valorem taxes during the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. Financial Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 The Company reported net income of $446.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 65.3% compared to net income of $270.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our total revenues increased $216.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021, largely driven by a $166.0 million increase in oil and gas royalties, a $17.0 million increase in water sales, and a $14.2 million increase in produced water royalties. Our share of production was approximately 21.3 thousand Boe per day for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 18.6 thousand Boe per day for the same period of 2021. The average realized price was $60.81 per Boe for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to $44.14 per Boe for the comparable period of 2021. The increases in water sales and produced water royalties are principally due to increased volumes. Our revenue streams are directly impacted by commodity prices and development and operating decisions made by our customers and vary as the pace of development and oil demand varies. Our total operating expenses of $105.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased $16.6 million compared to the same period of 2021. Operating expenses for 2022 increased principally as a result of the Company recording an expense of $8.7 million for ad valorem taxes. Additionally, transfer and treatment expenses have increased as water sales revenue has increased 25.0% during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of 2021. Quarterly Dividend Declared On February 10, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $3.25 per share, payable on March 15, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 8, 2023. Stock Repurchase Program On November 1, 2022, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program to purchase up to an aggregate of $250 million of our outstanding common stock beginning January 1, 2023. The Company intends to purchase stock under the repurchase program opportunistically with funds generated by cash from operations. This repurchase program may be suspended from time to time, modified, extended or discontinued by the board of directors at any time. Purchases under the stock repurchase program may be made through a combination of open market repurchases i

=== [ES] edgar_0001811074-26-000033_992.htm ===
EX-99.2 4 a992-1q2026tplinvestorpr.htm EX-99.2 a992-1q2026tplinvestorpr Texas Pacific Land Corporation NYSE: TPL Investor Presentation May 2026 Exhibit 99.2 Disclaimers This presentation has been designed to provide general information about Texas Pacific Land Corporation and its subsidiaries ( TPL or the Company ). Any information contained or referenced herein is suitable only as an introduction to the Company. The recipient is strongly encouraged to refer to and supplement this presentation with information the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this presentation, and nothing contained herein is, or shall be, relied upon as a promise or representation, whether as to the past or to the future. This presentation does not purport to include all of the information that may be required to evaluate the subject matter herein and any recipient hereof should conduct its own independent analysis of the Company and the data contained or referred to herein. Unless otherwise stated, statements in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, and nothing shall create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time after such date. TPL reserves the right to change any of its opinions expressed herein at any time as it deems appropriate. The Company disclaims any obligations to update the data, information or opinions contained herein or to notify the market or any other party of any such changes, other than required by law. Industry and Market Data The Company has neither sought nor obtained consent from any third party for the use of previously published information. Any such statements or information should not be viewed as indicating the support of such third party for the views expressed herein. The Company shall not be responsible or have any liability for any misinformation contained in any third party report, SEC or other regulatory filing. The industry in which the Company operates is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, which could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in these third-party publications. Some of the data included in this presentation is based on TPL s good faith estimates, which are derived from TPL s review of internal sources as well as the third party sources described above. All registered or unregistered service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this presentation are the property of their respective owners, and TPL s use herein does not imply an affiliation with, or endorsement by, the owners of these service marks, trademarks and trade names. Forward-looking Statements This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws that are based on TPL s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, TPL, and therefore involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about strategies, plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, expenditures and assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. When used in this document, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan and project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward- looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this presentation are reasonable, we may be unable to achieve these plans, intentions or expectations and actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially and adversely from those envisaged in this document. For more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or forecasted, see TPL s annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. The tables, graphs, charts and other analyses provided throughout this document are provided for illustrative purposes only and there is no guarantee that the trends, outcomes or market conditions depicted on them will continue in the future. There is no assurance or guarantee with respect to the prices at which the Company s common stock will trade, and such securities may not trade at prices that may be implied herein. TPL s forecasts and expectations for future periods are dependent upon many assumptions, including the drilling and development plans of our customers, estimates of production and potential drilling locations, which may be affected by commodity price declines or other factors that are beyond TPL s control. These materials are provided merely for general informational purposes and are not intended to be, nor should they be construed as 1) investment, financial, tax or legal advice, 2) a recommendation to buy or sell any security, or 3) an offer or solicitation to subscribe for or purchase any security. These materials do not consider the investment objective, financial situation, suitability or the particular need or circumstances of any specific individual who may receive or review this presentation, and may not be taken as advice on the merits of any investment decision. Although TPL believes the information herein to be reliable, the Company and persons acting on its behalf make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of those statements or any other written or oral communication it makes, safe as provided for by law, and the Company expressly disclaims any liability relating to those statements or communications (or any inaccuracies or omissions therein). These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to amounts presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ), this presentation includes certain supplemental non-GAAP measurements. These non- GAAP measurements are not to be considered more relevant or accurate than the measurements presented in accordance with GAAP. In compliance with requirements of the SEC, our non-GAAP measurements are reconciled to net income,

=== [ES] edgar_0001811074-26-000016_992.htm ===
EX-99.2 3 a992-4q2025tplinvestorpr.htm EX-99.2 a992-4q2025tplinvestorpr Texas Pacific Land Corporation NYSE: TPL Investor Presentation February 2026 Exhibit 99.2 Disclaimers This presentation has been designed to provide general information about Texas Pacific Land Corporation and its subsidiaries ( TPL or the Company ). Any information contained or referenced herein is suitable only as an introduction to the Company. The recipient is strongly encouraged to refer to and supplement this presentation with information the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this presentation, and nothing contained herein is, or shall be, relied upon as a promise or representation, whether as to the past or to the future. This presentation does not purport to include all of the information that may be required to evaluate the subject matter herein and any recipient hereof should conduct its own independent analysis of the Company and the data contained or referred to herein. Unless otherwise stated, statements in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation, and nothing shall create an implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time after such date. TPL reserves the right to change any of its opinions expressed herein at any time as it deems appropriate. The Company disclaims any obligations to update the data, information or opinions contained herein or to notify the market or any other party of any such changes, other than required by law. Industry and Market Data The Company has neither sought nor obtained consent from any third party for the use of previously published information. Any such statements or information should not be viewed as indicating the support of such third party for the views expressed herein. The Company shall not be responsible or have any liability for any misinformation contained in any third party report, SEC or other regulatory filing. The industry in which the Company operates is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, which could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in these third-party publications. Some of the data included in this presentation is based on TPL s good faith estimates, which are derived from TPL s review of internal sources as well as the third party sources described above. All registered or unregistered service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this presentation are the property of their respective owners, and TPL s use herein does not imply an affiliation with, or endorsement by, the owners of these service marks, trademarks and trade names. Forward-looking Statements This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws that are based on TPL s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, TPL, and therefore involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about strategies, plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, expenditures and assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. When used in this document, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan and project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward- looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this presentation are reasonable, we may be unable to achieve these plans, intentions or expectations and actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially and adversely from those envisaged in this document. For more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or forecasted, see TPL s annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. The tables, graphs, charts and other analyses provided throughout this document are provided for illustrative purposes only and there is no guarantee that the trends, outcomes or market conditions depicted on them will continue in the future. There is no assurance or guarantee with respect to the prices at which the Company s common stock will trade, and such securities may not trade at prices that may be implied herein. TPL s forecasts and expectations for future periods are dependent upon many assumptions, including the drilling and development plans of our customers, estimates of production and potential drilling locations, which may be affected by commodity price declines or other factors that are beyond TPL s control. These materials are provided merely for general informational purposes and are not intended to be, nor should they be construed as 1) investment, financial, tax or legal advice, 2) a recommendation to buy or sell any security, or 3) an offer or solicitation to subscribe for or purchase any security. These materials do not consider the investment objective, financial situation, suitability or the particular need or circumstances of any specific individual who may receive or review this presentation, and may not be taken as advice on the merits of any investment decision. Although TPL believes the information herein to be reliable, the Company and persons acting on its behalf make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of those statements or any other written or oral communication it makes, safe as provided for by law, and the Company expressly disclaims any liability relating to those statements or communications (or any inaccuracies or omissions therein). These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to amounts presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ), this presentation includes certain supplemental non-GAAP measurements. These non- GAAP measurements are not to be considered more relevant or accurate than the measurements presented in accordance with GAAP. In compliance with requirements of the SEC, our non-GAAP measurements are reconciled to net in