=== PTC_2025-12-23.htm.gz ===
tm2526581-1_nonfiling - none - 35.1712202s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 PTC Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT PTC PTC accelerates what s possible with the Intelligent Product Lifecycle Our software is used by manufacturers and product companies to engineer, manufacture, and service the products the world relies on to enrich our lives every day. While our customers range from industrial giants to startups, they have one thing in common: products cars, medical devices, wind turbines, computers, and so much more. Given the breadth and openness of our portfolio, we enable the Intelligent Product Lifecycle: establishing a strong product data foundation in the engineering department and democratizing the access and use of that data across the enterprise. Having access to this structured, contextual data enables our customers to accelerate time to market, lower costs, improve quality, and enhance collaboration across the organization. Access to this data is also critical for our customers efforts to transform with AI. Our embedded AI capabilities leverage the same product data foundation to advise on, assist with, and eventually automate our customers workflows across the full lifecycle. By embracing the Intelligent Product Lifecycle, our customers unlock access to the right data, at the right time, for the right purpose and put themselves in a strong position to succeed in an AI-driven future. PTC at a Glance TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS WHEN VIRTUAL MEETING RECORD DATE Wednesday, February 11, 2026 11:15 a.m. EST Meeting Website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ PTC2026 All shareholders as of the record date, December 12, 2025 , have the right to attend and vote at the Annual Meeting. Matters to Be Voted on at the Annual Meeting Proposal Board Recommendation 1 Elect eight directors to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Vote FOR all director nominees 2 Advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers (Say-on-Pay) Vote FOR 3 Advisory vote to confirm the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 Vote FOR Other matters that are properly brought before the meeting may also be considered. As of December 12, 2025, 118,919,711 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. Shareholders are entitled to one vote per share of common stock held as of such date. Your vote is important. Please vote before the meeting, even if you plan to attend the meeting. For more information, see Information about the Annual Meeting and Voting. HOW TO VOTE ONLINE SCAN BY PHONE BY MAIL AT MEETING at www.proxyvote.com the QR code on your proxy card or notice using your mobile device touch-tone if you received a printed version of these proxy materials if you received a printed version of these proxy materials attend the virtual meeting at the website address provided above IMPORTANT NOTICE OF THE INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS The Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report are available to shareholders at proxyvote.com. We made this proxy statement available to shareholders beginning on December 23, 2025. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS 1 2025 HIGHLIGHTS 1 Business Performance Highlights 1 Sustainability Highlights 2 Proxy Summary 2 Director Nominees 3 Corporate Governance Highlights 3 Executive Compensation Highlights 4 2025 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Services and Fees 5 Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors 5 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 5 Board Leadership Structure 6 Snapshot of Board Composition 7 Board Qualifications, Skills, and Experience 8 Director Nominees 8 Independence of Our Directors 9 Biographies 17 Board and Committee Meetings and Attendance at the Annual Meeting 17 Director Election Process and Voting Standard 17 Board Evaluation Process 18 Director Nominations and Board Refreshment 19 Board Risk Oversight 20 Committees of the Board 23 Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership Requirements 23 Insider Trading Policies and Procedures 24 Director Compensation 26 Communications with the Board 27 Executive Compensation 27 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote on the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers 29 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 31 Our Compensation Philosophy 32 Our Executive Compensation Practices 33 Our Compensation Design 42 How We Set Executive Compensation 43 Other Important Elements of Our Compensation Program 46 Annual Assessment of Risks Associated with Our Compensation Programs 47 Compensation and People Committee Report 48 Compensation Tables 48 Summary Compensation Table 50 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 51 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 52 Options Exercised and Stock Vested 53 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 56 Additional Compensation Matters 56 Pay Ratio Disclosure 56 Pay versus Performance Disclosure 59 Auditor Matters 59 Proposal 3 Advisory Vote to Confirm the Selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 59 Engagement of Independent Auditor and Approval of Professional Services and Fees 61 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Services and Fees 62 Report of the Audit Committee 63 Information about PTC Stock Ownership 63 Shareholders Who Own at Least 5% of PTC 64 Stock Owned by Directors and Officers 65 Information about the Annual Meeting and Voting 65 Proposals to be Voted on at the Meeting and Voting Standard 66 Attendance at the Virtual Annual Meeting 67 Questions and Requests 68 Other Governance Disclosures and Matters 68 Our Executive Officers 68 Shareholder Proposals and Nominations 69 Transactions with Related Persons 69 Review of Transactions with Related Persons 69 Transactions with Related Persons 69 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 70 Help Us Reduce Our Environmental Impact A-1 Appendix A Operating and Non-GAAP Financial Measures A-2 Calculations and Reconciliations TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Proxy Statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We intend such forward- looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In particular, statements that are not historical facts, including but not limited to, statements about our anticipated financial results, capital development and growth, as well as about the development of our products, markets, and workforce, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by use of the words believe, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, project, or similar expressions, whether in the negative or affirmative. Forward-looking statements are based on our current plans, expectations and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance. Information about factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in PTC s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which only speak as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. WEBSITE AND OTHER REFERENCES Website references included throughout this Proxy Statement and references to our 2025 Impact Report are provided for convenience. The content on the referenced websites and in the 2025 Impact Report is not incorporated herein and is not part of this Proxy Statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A 2025 HIGHLIGHTS Business Performance Highlights ARR ARR CONSTANT CURRENCY CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS FREE CASH FLOW $2.48B $2.45B $868M $857M ARR (Annual Run Rate) is the value of our portfolio of recurring revenue contracts at the end of the period. Free cash flow is cash flow from operations net of capital expenditures. These measures are described and reconciled in Appendix A. Sustainability Highlights COMPLETED THIRD ANNUAL CDP SUBMISSION RECOGNIZED AS A GREAT PLACE TO WORK IN 22 COUNTRIES ALIGNED IMPACT REPORT WITH TCFD FRAMEWORK AI AND SUSTAINABILITY CAPABABILITIES IN PRODUCT RELEASES Our 2025 Impact Report shares more about our 2025 achievements and about our initiatives, progress, and work we re doing to address the challenges we as a global community face. We expect to release our 2025 Impact Report by December 31, 2025. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement and does not contain all the information you should consider. You should read the entire proxy statement before voting. All references to 2025, 2024, and 2023 refer to PTC s fiscal years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, unless otherwise indicated. Director Nominees Name and Primary Occupation Age Director since Independent PTC Committee Memberships Audit Compensation and People Corporate Governance Cybersecurity Neil Barua President and CEO, PTC 48 2023 Mark Benjamin Former Chief Executive Officer, Nuance Communications 55 2021 Robert Bernshteyn General Partner, ICONIQ Capital 52 2024 Janice Chaffin Former Group President, Consumer Business Unit, Symantec 71 2013 Michal Katz Head of Banking, Mizuho Americas, a division of Mizuho Financial Group 58 2022 Dr. Corinna Lathan Scientific Advisor, AnthroTronix 58 2017 James Lico Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Fortive Corporation 60 2025 Trac Pham Former Chief Financial Officer, Synopsys 56 2025 Board Chair Committee Chair Committee Member Audit Committee Financial Expert 2 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Corporate Governance Highlights See Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors for more information about our board nominees and corporate governance practices. Executive Compensation Highlights ALIGNMENT OF EXECUTIVES AND SHAREHOLDERS 2025 TARGET COMPENSATION MIX See Executive Compensation for more information about our executive compensation policies and practices. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A 2025 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Services and Fees $3,216,666 Audit + Audit-Related Fees $1,000,000 Tax Preparation + Related Fees $1,614,462 Other Tax + Reporting Software Fees $5,831,128 Total PwC Fees See Auditor Matters for more information about PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP s services and fees. 4 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors The Board is elected by the shareholders to represent and protect their interest in PTC. The Board selects and oversees the members of senior management who are responsible for conducting the business of PTC. All director nominees are current directors of the company. Information about each of the director nominees, including their qualifications, skills and experience that led the Corporate Governance Committee and the Board to conclude that the director should serve as a director of the company, is discussed below. Information about their PTC stock ownership is set forth in Information about PTC Stock Ownership . Two of our current directors, Mr. Lacy and Mr. Hanspal, will leave the Board at the expiration of their current terms in February 2026. Mr. Lacy will retire after serving on the Board since 2009, and Mr. Hanspal leaves due to his professional commitments. We thank both Mr. Lacy and Mr. Hanspal for their service on the Board and their valuable contributions to PTC. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the election of all director nominees. Board Leadership Structure JANICE CHAFFIN Independent Board Chair Our Board is led by an independent Chair. We believe this Board leadership structure serves the company and our shareholders well by providing effective independent Board leadership and oversight. As we believe independent Board leadership and oversight is always appropriate, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that if the Board Chair is not Independent, the Board will appoint a Lead Independent Director. The Board has adopted a Lead Independent Director Charter that establishes the responsibilities of a Lead Independent Director if one were to be appointed . 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Snapshot of Board Composition Director Nominees 6 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Board Qualifications, Skills, and Experience The Corporate Governance Committee s mandate is to create and maintain a Board with a diverse set of qualifications, skills, experiences, and attributes that aligns with PTC s current and anticipated future strategic needs. The Committee believes that certain qualifications, skills, and experience should be represented on the Board, although not every member of the Board must possess all such qualifications, skills, and experience to be considered capable of making valuable contributions to the Board. EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP Our business is complex and evolving rapidly. Individuals who have led companies or operating business units of significant size have proven leadership experience in developing and advancing a vision and making executive-level decisions. We define this skill as having experience as a CEO or senior executive at a public company or large organization. FINANCIAL ACUMEN Our business and financial model is complex and multinational. Individuals with financial acumen are able to identify and understand the issues associated with our business and financial model. We define this skill as meeting the audit committee financial literacy requirements under the applicable Nasdaq rule. GLOBAL BUSINESS We are a global company. Global experience enhances understanding of the complexities and issues associated with running a global business and the challenges we face. We define this skill as having senior management experience at a large organization with global operations. MANUFACTURING We primarily serve companies in the manufacturing industry. Understanding of this industry enhances understanding of how we can best address the needs of our customers. We define this skill as having senior management experience at a manufacturing company and/or manufacturing-specific knowledge through a senior leadership role. MARKETING GTM Our business depends on successfully creating awareness of our products, entering new markets, and understanding how to best market and distribute new solutions to deliver compelling value to customers. Persons with marketing and Go-to-Market experience can help us identify ways to do so successfully. We define this skill as having senior management experience in sales, digital marketing, branding, channels, or partners. PUBLIC COMPANY BOARD Experience on another public company board builds expertise in strategic oversight, corporate governance and risk management, all skills that help directors effectively oversee our business. We define this skill as having tenure on a public company board other than our board. SOFTWARE PRODUCT MANAGEMENT Our business depends on the success of our efforts to develop our products and expand our offerings. Experience in this area enhances understanding of the challenges we face and best practices. We define this skill as having senior management experience in software product strategy, design or development, and/or responsibility for the software product roadmap. STRATEGIC TRANSACTIONS Our success depends on successful development and execution of our corporate strategy, which includes successful selection and execution of strategic alliances and transactions. We define this skill as having experience with M A, capital markets, investments, and other strategic transactions. TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY We develop and deliver technology solutions. Those with technology industry experience are better able to understand the risks and opportunities facing our business. We define this skill as having senior management experience in the technology industry. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Director Nominee Qualifications and Skills The specific qualifications, skills, and experience identified as being possessed by each of the nominees as aligned to those described above are set forth below. The biographies of our directors that follow describe each director s background and relevant experience in more detail. The Committee believes that the Board collectively possesses the experience and skills needed for PTC s business and strategy. BOARD NOMINEES HAVE A BALANCE OF QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS, AND EXPERIENCE DIVERSITY AND SKILLS Nominee Executive Leadership Financial Acumen Global Business Manufa- cturing Marketing GTM Public Company Board Software Product Management Strategic Transactions Technology Industry Neil Barua Mark Benjamin Robert Bernshteyn Janice Chaffin Michal Katz Corinna Lathan James Lico Trac Pham Total 7 8 7 5 4 7 4 8 8 Director Nominees Independence of Our Directors Our Board of Directors has determined that all our directors, other than our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Barua, are independent. None of the independent directors are known to have any business, financial, familial, or other type of relationship with PTC or its management that would impact the director s independence. 8 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Biographies NEIL BARUA Director since 2023 Age 48 Other Public Company Boards None Key Qualifications Extensive leadership experience with global technology companies, including ServiceMax and IPC Systems Knowledge of PTC s technologies and the markets in which PTC operates Knowledge in technology investments due to his experience at prominent technology-focused private equity firms, and a proven track record of growing businesses Strong financial acumen, a customer-first mindset, and a leadership style that empowers employees Career Highlights PTC Inc. Chief Executive Officer (February 2024-Present) CEO-Elect (July 2023-Februrary 2024) President, Service Lifecycle Management business (January 2023-July 2023) ServiceMax , a leader in Field Service Management Chief Executive Officer (April 2019-January 2023) IPC Systems, Inc. , a leading global provider of specialized technology solutions for the financial services industry Chief Executive Officer (2014-2018) Silver Lake and Francisco Partners , global private equity firms focused on investments in technology businesses Operating Partner Education Bachelor of Science in finance and economics, NYU Stern School of Business Skills Executive Leadership Financial Acumen Global Business Manufacturing Marketing GTM Software Product Management Strategic Transactions Technology Industry 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A MARK BENJAMIN Independent Director since 2021 Age 55 Board Committees Compensation and People (Chair) Cybersecurity Other Public Company Boards Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS Global) Nuance Communications, Inc. (2018-2022) Key Qualifications Extensive leadership experience with large global technology companies, including Nuance Communications, NCR Corporation, and ADP Extensive experience advancing growth initiatives related to cloud, SaaS, mobile, big data, and IoT solutions Career Highlights Nuance Communications, Inc. , a global software company that provides speech recognition solutions, powered by artificial intelligence. Chief Executive Officer (April 2018-November 2023) NCR Corporation , a provider of enterprise software, hardware, and services President and Chief Operating Officer (October 2016-March 2018) Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP), a provider of human resources management software and services Over 20 years in various leadership positions, including as President of Global Enterprise Solutions ( July 2013-October 2016) Education Bachelor s degree in international finance and marketing, University of Miami Skills Executive Leadership Financial Acumen Global Business Manufacturing Marketing GTM Public Company Board Strategic Transactions Technology Industry 10 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A ROBERT BERNSHTEYN Independent Director since 2024 Age 52 Board Committees Compensation and People Other Public Company Boards Coupa Software Incorporated (2009-2023) Medallia, Inc. (2019-2021) Key Qualifications Extensive leadership experience with large global technology companies, including Coupa Software and Success Factors Inc. Extensive expertise in leading, transforming, and scaling high growth software companies Broad range of experience, including executive management, marketing, sales, services, products, and programming. Career Highlights ICONIQ Capital , a venture capital firm General Partner (February 2024-Present) Coupa Software Incorporated , a provider of Business Spend Management Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors (February 2009-May 2023) Education Master of Business Administration, Harvard Business School Bachelor s degree in information systems, State University of New York at Albany Skills Executive Leadership Financial Acumen Global Business Marketing GTM Public Company Board Software Product Management Strategic Transactions Technology Industry 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A JANICE CHAFFIN Chair of the Board of Directors Independent Director since 2013 Age 71 Board Committees Compensation and People Corporate Governance Cybersecurity Other Public Company Boards Synopsys, Inc. Informatica Inc. (2019-2025) Key Qualifications Extensive leadership and software industry experience as a result of her executive roles in large global technology companies Financial acumen and expertise as a result of her positions at Symantec Corporation and Hewlett-Packard Company and her service on the Audit Committees of Synopsys, International Game Technology and Informatica Significant experience in corporate governance due to her considerable service on the boards of several public companies, including current service on another public company governance committee , and her status as a National Association of Corporate Directors Leadership Fellow Significant experience in cybersecurity as a result of her roles at Symantec, and completion of the CERT Certificate in Cyber-Risk Oversight program of the Software Engineering Institute of Carnegie Mellon University Career Highlights Symantec Corporation , a global leader in cybersecurity solutions Group President, Consumer business unit (April 2007-March 2013) Chief Marketing Officer (2003-2007) Hewlett-Packard Company , a multinational information technology company Over 20 years in management and marketing leadership positions Education Master of Business Administration, University of California, Los Angeles Bachelor of Arts, University of California, San Diego Skills Executive Leadership Financial Acumen Global Business Manufacturing Marketing GTM Public Company Board Software Product Management Strategic Transactions Technology Industry 12 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A MICHAL KATZ Independent Director since 2022 Age 58 Board Committees Audit Other Public Company Boards Nuance Communications, Inc. (2018-2022) Key Qualifications Significant leadership and financial experience as a result of her roles at Mizuho Financial Group, RBC Capital Markets, and Barclays Experience with strategic transactions, and strong insights into the intersection of the financial and technology markets Career Highlights Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. , one of the largest financial institutions in the world Head of Banking, Mizuho Americas, a division of Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. (November 2019-Present) RBC Capital Markets, LLC , a global investment bank Managing Director and Co-Head of Global Technology Investment Banking (March 2013-October 2019) Barclays Capital Inc. , a multinational universal bank headquartered in London Managing Director and Global Head of Software Investment Banking (September 2008-March 2013) Education Juris Doctor, New York University Bachelor s degree in political science, Binghamton University Skills Executive Leadership Financial Acumen Global Business Public Company Board Strategic Transactions Technology Industry 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A DR. CORINNA LATHAN Independent Director since 2017 Age 58 Board Committees Audit Corporate Governance Cybersecurity (Chair) Other Public Company Boards Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. Key Qualifications Extensive experience as a leader and technology innovator as a result of her work at AnthroTronix Deep expertise in human-technology interfaces for robotics and mobile technology platforms Career Highlights AnthroTronix, Inc. , a biomedical engineering research and development company that creates diverse products in robotics, digital health, wearable technology, and augmented reality. Scientific Advisor (June 2022-Present) Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder, and Chair of the Board (July 1999-June 2022) De Oro Devices. , a biomedical device company Chief Executive Officer (January 2024 to March 2025) University of Maryland, College Park Adjunct Associate Professor of Aerospace Engineering (1998-2003) The Catholic University of America Associate Professor of Biomedical Engineering (1995-1999) Education Ph.D. in neuroscience, MIT S.M. in aeronautics and astronautics, MIT Bachelor of Arts degree in biopsychology and mathematics, Swarthmore College Skills Financial Acumen Manufacturing Public Company Board Software Product Management Strategic Transactions Technology Industry 14 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A JAMES LICO Independent Director since 2025 Age 60 Board Committees Corporate Governance Other Public Company DuPont de Nemours, Inc. Fortive Corporation (2016-2025) Key Qualifications Extensive public company leadership experience with global manufacturing and technology companies, including Fortive Corporation and Danaher Corporation Deep expertise in M A and corporate transformation having led a transformation of Fortive s portfolio of businesses through strategic M A Career Highlights Fortive Corporation , a global technology and manufacturing company President and Chief Executive Officer (July 2016-June 2025) Danaher Corporation , a global life sciences and diagnostics innovator Executive Vice President (September 2005-June 2016) Various leadership positions (July 1996-September 2005) Education Bachelor of Science, University of Michigan Dearborn Master s in Management, Northwestern University Kellogg School of Management Skills Executive Leadership Financial Acumen Global Business Manufacturing Public Company Board Strategic Transactions Technology Industry Director Search Background: Mr. Lico was recommended to the Corporate Governance Committee by a third-party search firm due to his extensive experience as a public company CEO and his deep domain knowledge of the technology and manufacturing industries. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A TRAC PHAM Independent Director since 2025 Age 56 Board Committees Audit Other Public Company Sprinklr, Inc. (2023-2024) Key Qualifications Significant leadership and software industry experience as a result of his roles at Sprinklr and Synopsys Significant financial expertise as a result of his role as CFO of Synopsys During his tenure as CFO, Mr. Pham helped scale Synopsys from $2.0B to $5.1B in revenue Career Highlights Sprinklr, Inc. , a global enterprise software company Co-Chief Executive Officer (June 2024-November 2024) Interim Chief Operating Officer (January 2024-June 2024) Synopsys, Inc. , a global enterprise software company Chief Financial Officer (December 2014-December 2022) VP, Corporate Finance (2012-November 2014) VP, Financial Planning Strategy (2006-2012) Education Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of California, Berkeley Master of Arts in Pacific International Affairs, University of California, San Diego Skills Executive Leadership Financial Acumen Global Business Public Company Board Strategic Transactions Technology Industry Director Search Background: Mr. Pham was recommended to the Corporate Governance Committee by a third-party search firm given his Chief Financial Officer profile as part of our Audit Committee succession planning. 16 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Board and Committee Meetings and Attendance at the Annual Meeting The Board and committees hold regularly scheduled meetings over the course of the year and hold additional meetings as necessary. The Board met nine times in 2025. All director nominees attended at least 95% of meetings of the Board and the committees on which the director nominee served in 2025. We expect that each director will attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders each year. All director nominees who were directors at the time attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Director Election Process and Voting Standard All directors stand for election each year. Directors are elected by a plurality of votes received. We maintain a Majority Voting Policy for uncontested director elections that requires a director who does not receive a majority of the votes cast for his or her proposed election to promptly tender his or her resignation from the Board. The Corporate Governance Committee will consider the resignation and recommend to the Board whether to accept the resignation. The Board will use its best efforts to act on the resignation and publicly disclose its decision and its rationale within 90 days following certification of the election results. The director tendering the resignation may not participate in the decisions of the Corporate Governance Committee or the Board that concern such resignation. Board Evaluation Process The Board conducts an annual evaluation process, which is facilitated by a third-party once every three years. In 2025, the Board completed an externally facilitated Board assessment. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Director Nominations and Board Refreshment The Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for identifying and evaluating director nominees and for recommending to the Board a slate of nominees for election at each Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Candidates may be suggested by directors, management, shareholders, or a search firm retained by the Committee. Shareholders may nominate candidates in accordance with the procedures described in Shareholder Proposals and Nominations . Candidates properly nominated by shareholders will be given the same consideration as other proposed candidates. The Corporate Governance Committee, in consultation with all directors, considers the Board s composition, including the alignment of the skills and professional experience of the directors with our long-term strategy. The Corporate Governance Committee evaluates candidates against the standards and qualifications set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Corporate Governance Committee Charter as well as other relevant factors. The Corporate Governance Committee considers each candidate s character and professional ethics, judgment, leadership experience, business experience and acumen, familiarity with relevant industry issues, national and international experience, and other relevant skills and experience that may contribute to the Board s effectiveness. In addition, all candidates must be able to dedicate sufficient time and resources for the diligent performance of the duties required of a member of the Board and must not hold positions or interests that conflict with their responsibilities to PTC. Candidates must also meet any qualifications for either individual directors or the Board under applicable laws and regulations. The Committee also considers whether the candidate is independent of PTC as at least a majority of members of the Board must qualify as independent in accordance with Nasdaq independence rules. The requirements and expectations of our directors, including their independence and limitations on other board service, are more fully described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. BOARD REFRESHMENT Majority of the Board Appointed since 2021 18 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Board Risk Oversight The Board and the relevant committees review with PTC s management the risk management practices for which they have oversight responsibility. Since overseeing risk is an ongoing process and inherent in PTC s strategic decisions, the Board and the relevant committees do not view risk in isolation but discuss risk throughout the year in relation to ongoing operations and proposed actions and initiatives. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Ultimate responsibility for risk management oversight and oversight of management of risks not addressed by a committee. Oversight of the company s artificial intelligence (AI) initiatives. Risk or Focus Audit Compensation and People Corporate Governance Cybersecurity Accounting Financial Reporting Financial Condition Debt Ethical Conduct Compliance Related Party Transactions Executive Compensation Equity Compensation Programs Human Capital Management Corporate Governance Composition of Board Committees CEO Succession Planning Board and Director Evaluations Director Compensation AI Governance Sustainability Program and Initiatives Sustainability Risks Opportunities Composition of the Board Board Refreshment Director Nominations Cybersecurity Data Privacy 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Committees of the Board The Board has four standing committees: Audit, Compensation and People, Corporate Governance, and Cybersecurity. Each of the committees acts under a written charter, all of which are available on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com . Mr. Barua, our President and Chief Executive Officer, does not serve on any committee. Director Independent PTC Committee Memberships Audit Compensation and People Corporate Governance Cybersecurity Mark Benjamin Robert Bernshteyn Janice Chaffin Amar Hanspal Michal Katz Paul Lacy Corinna Lathan James Lico Trac Pham Total Meetings in 2025 8 4 4 4 Board Chair Committee Chair Committee Member Audit Committee Financial Expert Committee charters and governance documents are available on our website, investor.ptc.com/governance/ governance-documents . COMMITTEE CHARTERS Audit Committee Charter Compensation and People Committee Charter Corporate Governance Committee Charter Cybersecurity Committee Charter GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS Articles of Organization By-Laws Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Corporate Governance Guidelines Lead Independent Director Charter Majority Voting Policy Director Stock Ownership Policy Executive Stock Ownership Policy Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy 20 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A AUDIT COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 8 COMMITTEE MEMBERS Paul Lacy, Chair Michal Katz Corinna Lathan Trac Pham Independence All Committee members are independent directors under both SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market listing rules. Financial Experts The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Lacy and Mr. Pham qualify as Audit Committee Financial Experts as defined by the SEC. Responsibilities Assists our Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities for accounting and financial reporting compliance and oversees our compliance programs. Reviews the financial information provided to shareholders and others, PTC s accounting policies, disclosure controls and procedures, internal accounting and financial controls, and the audit process. Meets with management and with our independent auditor to discuss our financial reporting policies and procedures, our internal control over financial reporting, the results of the independent auditor s examinations, PTC s critical accounting policies and the overall quality of PTC s financial reporting, and reports on such matters to the Board. Meets with the independent auditor, with and without PTC management present. Appoints (and, if appropriate, replaces), evaluates, and establishes the compensation of, the independent auditor. Reviews the independent auditor s performance in conducting the annual financial statement audit and the audit of our internal control over financial reporting, assesses independence of the auditor, and reviews the auditor s fees. Reviews and pre-approves audit and non-audit related services that may be performed by the independent auditor. Oversees the company s management of compliance risks. COMPENSATION AND PEOPLE COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 4 COMMITTEE MEMBERS Mark Benjamin, Chair Robert Bernshteyn Janice Chaffin Paul Lacy Independence All Committee members are independent directors under The Nasdaq Stock Market listing rules. Responsibilities Establishes the compensation of our executive officers. Sets performance goals for compensation of executive officers and evaluates performance against those goals. Oversees executive compensation recoupment matters. Oversees our equity compensation plans. Oversees our key people management programs and initiatives. May engage compensation consultants or other advisors to provide information and advice to the Committee. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 4 COMMITTEE MEMBERS Amar Hanspal, Chair Janice Chaffin Paul Lacy Corinna Lathan James Lico Independence All Committee members are independent directors under The Nasdaq Stock Market listing rules. Responsibilities Reviews the composition of the Board and makes recommendations regarding nominees for election to the Board. Oversees the director recruitment process, including the assessment of qualifications and skills sought in new directors and the retention of search firms to assist in the identification of potential candidates. Makes recommendations to the Board about the composition of committees of the Board. Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board with respect to director compensation. Develops and recommends policies and processes regarding corporate governance. Facilitates Board and director evaluations. Ensures a CEO succession plan is maintained to ensure continuity of leadership for PTC. Oversees sustainability program and initiatives. Oversees company management of environmental risks and opportunities. Oversees company management of sustainability risks and initiatives not addressed by other committees or the Board. Oversees the company s community engagement and philanthropy initiatives. CYBERSECURITY COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 4 COMMITTEE MEMBERS Corinna Lathan, Chair Mark Benjamin Janice Chaffin Amar Hanspal Independence All Committee members are independent directors under The Nasdaq Stock Market listing rules. Responsibilities Oversees the company s cybersecurity and data privacy programs. 22 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership Requirements Because we believe our directors and executives interests are more aligned with those of our shareholders if they are shareholders themselves, our directors and executive officers are required to hold a significant amount of our stock. Options and unvested equity are not counted toward the holding requirement. Position Share Ownership Requirement Compliance Status Directors 5x Annual Board Cash Retainer All our directors and officers meet their stock ownership requirements. Chief Executive Officer 6x Annual Salary Other Executive Officers 3x Annual Salary Our Director Stock Ownership Policy and our Executive Officer Stock Ownership Policy are available on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.ptc.com . Insider Trading Policies and Procedures We have adopted a Trading in Company Securities Policy that governs the purchase, sale, gifting, and/or other securities dispositions by our directors, executive officers, and employees and other covered persons that is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the exchange listing standards applicable to us. We also maintain a 10b5-1 Plan Policy applicable to our Board of Directors, executive officers, and other employees that governs the adoption, amendment, and termination of 10b5-1 trading plans, which Policy is designed to ensure compliance with applicable insider trading laws, rules, and regulations. No Hedging or Pledging of PTC Securities . Our securities trading policy prohibits our directors, officers and employees from engaging in short sales of PTC securities or purchasing financial instruments, or otherwise engaging in transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of PTC securities held, directly or indirectly, by them, regardless of the purpose for any such proposed transaction. Our securities trading policy also prohibits our directors, officers, and employees from holding PTC securities in a margin account or pledging PTC securities as collateral for a loan, regardless of the purpose of any such proposed transaction. Trading Pre-Clearance Required for Our Directors and Executive Officers . Our directors and executive officers are required to pre-clear all proposed transactions in PTC securities with our Chief Legal Officer s office to confirm that such trade is not made in a trading blackout period or when in possession of material non-public information. Our Trading in Company Securities Policy and our 10b5-1 Plan Policy are filed as Exhibits 19.1 and 19.2, respectively, to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although the Trading in Company Securities Policy and the 10b5-1 Plan Policy do not apply to the company itself, all transactions in PTC securities and use of 10b5-1 Plans by the company are executed in compliance with all applicable securities laws and regulations. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Director Compensation We pay our non-employee directors a mix of cash and equity compensation. We do not pay any compensation to our CEO for service on the Board. The amounts established for the annual Board and committee cash and equity retainers for the most recent year are shown in the table below. The retainers are the only compensation paid for service as a director; we do not pay meeting fees for attendance at board or committee meetings. Director Compensation Process and Decisions The Board establishes the annual compensation for the directors at the meeting of the Board of Directors held directly after the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. In setting such compensation, the Board considers the recommendation of the Corporate Governance Committee. In making its recommendation for the 2025 Board year, the Corporate Governance Committee considered a competitive assessment of the directors compensation with that of our compensation peer group (described in Compensation Discussion and Analysis) and reviewed each element of compensation to determine whether the compensation is competitive and reasonable for the services provided by the directors. Based on that review, the cash retainer for service on the Corporate Governance Committee was increased by $5,000 for the Chair and $2,500 for each Member. No other changes were made to our directors compensation for the 2025 Board year. We provide a higher annual retainer for service as the Board Chair of the Board given the additional work required by that position, but do not pay a committee chair retainer to the Chair of the Board for service as the Chair of any committee. We provide different retainers for the Chairs and members of the various committees based on the anticipated level of work required with respect to the position and the committee. We also believe that providing a majority of our directors annual retainer compensation in the form of equity rather than cash serves to further align the interests of our directors with our shareholders as they become shareholders themselves. For the same reason, we provide new director equity grants when a director first joins PTC. For 2025, in accordance with our established practice, we made a standard new director equity grant to each of Trac Pham and James Lico upon joining the Board this past year. Each grant was equal to 1.5x the annual equity retainer and vests in two substantially equal installments. Based on the appointment dates for each of Mr. Pham and Mr. Lico, their awards vest in March 2026 and 2027 and October 2026 and 2027, respectively. 24 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A 2025 Director Compensation The amounts shown in the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column of the table are each non-employee director s annual board and committee retainer fees paid for the year. The amounts shown in the Stock Awards column of the table are the grant date value of the equity awards (RSUs) made to the directors during the year. Name (1) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards (#) Stock Awards (2)(6) ($) Total ($) Janice Chaffin | Board Chair $ 153,750 1,801 $ 299,993 $ 453,743 Mark Benjamin $ 92,500 1,500 $ 249,855 $ 342,355 Robert Bernshteyn $ 67,378 1,500 $ 249,855 $ 317,233 Amar Hanspal $ 85,000 1,500 $ 249,855 $ 334,855 Michal Katz $ 75,000 1,500 $ 249,855 $ 324,855 Paul Lacy $ 111,250 1,500 $ 249,855 $ 361,105 Corinna Lathan $ 98,750 1,500 $ 249,855 $ 348,605 Trac Pham (3) $ 30,701 3,792 $ 602,132 $ 632,833 Janesh Moorjani (4) $ 22,083 $ 22,083 Robert Schechter (5) $ 47,500 $ 47,500 (1) As an employee of PTC, Mr. Barua, our President and Chief Executive Officer, receives no compensation for his service as a director, and accordingly, is not shown in the Director Compensation Table. James Lico joined the Board in October 2025, our FY2026, and accordingly, is not shown in the Director Compensation Table. (2) Grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted on February 12, 2025, and, for Mr. Pham, March 17, 2025. The grant date fair value is equal to the number of RSUs granted multiplied by the closing price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market on the grant date, $166.57 per share, and, for Mr. Pham, $158.79 per share. (3) Mr. Pham joined the Board on March 17, 2025. His Stock Awards reflect a pro-rated annual equity grant of 1,431 RSUs and a new director grant of 2,361 RSUs. His new director grant vests in two equal installments on March 15, 2026 and March 15, 2027. (4) Mr. Moorjani resigned from the Board effective November 29, 2024 due to a conflict arising from a change in occupation. All RSUs held by Mr. Moorjani were forfeited upon his resignation. (5) Mr. Schechter s term ended at the February 12, 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. (6) The number of outstanding RSUs held by each director as of September 30, 2025 is shown in the table below. No director held options. Name Restricted Stock Units Janice Chaffin 1,801 Mark Benjamin 1,500 Robert Bernshteyn 2,617 Amar Hanspal 1,500 Michal Katz 1,500 Paul Lacy 1,500 Corinna Lathan 1,500 Trac Pham 3,792 Janesh Moorjani Robert Schechter 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Communications with the Board Shareholders may send communications to the Board of Directors at: 26 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A PROPOSAL 2 Advisory Vote on the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers This advisory vote on the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table (collectively, our named executive officers ) gives shareholders the opportunity to express their views on our named executive officers compensation as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K in Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Compensation Tables . This say-on-pay vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our named executive officers. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of our named executive officers compensation as disclosed in Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the tables and related disclosures contained in Compensation Tables. Summary of Our Compensation Practices 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A RECENT SAY-ON-PAY APPROVAL Effect of Say-on-Pay Vote This say-on-pay vote, which is required by Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is advisory only and is not binding on the company, the Compensation and People Committee, or our Board of Directors. Although the vote is advisory, we, our Compensation and People Committee, and our Board of Directors value the opinions of our shareholders and will consider the outcome of this vote when establishing future compensation for our executive officers. We hold such a vote each year. 28 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Compensation Discussion and Analysis The Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) explains the philosophy of PTC s executive compensation programs and the process to determine compensation paid to our named executive officers ( NEOs ) for 2025. Our 2025 Named Executive Officers Neil Barua President and Chief Executive Officer Kristian Talvitie Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Robert Dahdah Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer Aaron von Staats Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Catherine Kniker Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Sustainability Officer 2025 Executive Summary Addition to our Leadership Team Appointment of Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer We welcomed Robert Dahdah as Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer, in December 2024. Mr. Dahdah brings more than 30 years of experience leading large, global sales and go-to-market organizations for public companies. His expertise spans managing the full sales cycle, accelerating pipeline growth across vertical markets, expanding and cross-selling into key accounts, and developing scalable models for expansion into emerging geographies. He is responsible for global sales and customer success for PTC s Digital Thread group and the overall execution of PTC s vertical-focused go-to-market strategy. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A PTC s 2025 Performance Highlights 2025 was a solid year of execution and focus for PTC. We achieved record operating and free cash flow, sharpened our focus on our Intelligent Product Lifecycle vision, established clear momentum with our go-to-market transformation, and executed well on our commercial optimization initiatives. The compensation for our NEOs in 2025 reflects their contributions to PTC s success, aligning with our financial results and the interests of our stockholders. ARR ARR CONSTANT CURRENCY OPERATING CASH FLOW FREE CASH FLOW $2.48B $2.45B $868M $857M ARR (Annual Run Rate) is the value of our portfolio of recurring revenue contracts at the end of the period. Free cash flow is cash flow from operations net of capital expenditures. These measures are described and reconciled in Appendix A. Changes for Fiscal 2025 CEO Long-Term Incentive Design: Increased the performance-based portion of our CEO s 2025 target annual equity award, raising PRSUs from 50% to 60% of the annual award to further emphasize pay-for-performance. NEO Annual Incentive Plan Design: Incorporated an individual performance modifier into the short-term incentive plan for NEOs, enabling structured, informed discretion in evaluating individual performance. The Committee may adjust awards downward based on factors such as strategic initiative outcomes, execution of critical responsibilities, and leadership achievements. 30 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Our Compensation Philosophy Our executive compensation programs are designed to attract, motivate, and retain the executives who drive our success. We emphasize pay-for-performance to align executive interests with performance measures we believe will create long-term shareholder value. We Pay for Performance The following core principles drive the objectives of our executive compensation programs: Pay for Performance: The majority of NEO pay is at-risk, where both short-term and long-term incentives depend on performance against rigorous, predetermined goals. Our incentive programs payout at target when PTC achieves its performance goals, above target when goals are exceeded, and below target when goals are not fully met. Alignment with Business Strategy: We emphasize the importance of achieving short-term goals while building a foundation for long-term success in delivering innovative technology solutions for customers. Shareholder Value Creation: We directly link pay to achievement of performance goals designed to foster the creation of sustainable long-term shareholder value. Market Pay Competitiveness: We provide market-competitive programs that enable PTC to attract and retain highly qualified and talented executives. Long-Term Pay and Performance Alignment Our performance over the past three years reflects the efficacy and success of aligning executive compensation with our strategic plan. This pay-for-performance approach has resulted in pay and performance alignment relative to our compensation peers and continues to be the centerpiece of our executive compensation programs. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Our Executive Compensation Practices We are committed to executive compensation practices that drive performance, mitigate risk, and align our executives interests with those of our shareholders. The table below highlights our key executive compensation practices. WHAT WE DO Annual say-on-pay advisory vote Responsible share usage with share use remaining below our peer group median Robust stock ownership requirements for executive officers Risk mitigation with balanced performance metrics, clawback provisions and an oversight process to identify risk Carefully structured benchmarking peer group with annual Compensation and People Committee review Pay-for-performance philosophy in program design and targeted pay levels for NEOs, including: Annual report by the independent compensation consultant to the Compensation and People Committee on executive pay and performance alignment Substantial majority of executive pay at-risk , based on a mix of absolute and relative financial, operational, and stock price performance metrics Compensation programs designed to support short-term and long-term growth and create shareholder value Performance- based compensation that uses differentiated performance measures across plans and a variety of performance periods Challenging targets set on the grant date taking into consideration our business strategy, operating goals and external financial guidance with strong performance required for maximum payout levels Double-trigger vesting required for vesting of equity awards upon a Change-in-Control WHAT WE DON T DO No guaranteed bonuses No supplemental executive retirement plans No incentive plans believed to encourage excessive risk-taking No excessive dilution through careful monitoring of burn rate and overhang No tax gross-up agreements No hedging or pledging of PTC common stock by executives 32 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Our Compensation Design Our executives compensation consists of the elements shown in the following table. These components provide a mix of fixed compensation and at-risk compensation that promote short-term and long-term performance while rewarding our executives appropriately for their performance. Our design considers prior-year say-on-pay votes and shareholder feedback received as part of our shareholder engagement process. We believe our most recent say-on-pay support vote of 93% reflects shareholder approval of the current structure of our executives compensation. How We Pay 2025 Compensation Design 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Compensation Elements Purpose and Performance Measures 34 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Base Salary Base salary provides a fixed level of compensation that is competitive with the external market and reflects each executive s contributions, experience, responsibilities and potential to contribute to our future success. Our Compensation and People Committee reviews our NEOs base salaries against the market annually, as annual salary increases are not automatic. In 2025 , our Committee did not make any changes to base salaries for the NEOs because the existing pay levels remained appropriate for current job scopes and were market competitive, and, on average, approximated the median of our compensation peer group. The target annual base salary of each of our NEOs in 2025 compared to 2024 was as set forth below. Name 2025 Salary 2024 Salary % Increase Neil Barua $ 800,000 $ 800,000 Kristian Talvitie $ 575,000 $ 575,000 Robert Dahdah (1) $ 560,000 Aaron von Staats $ 450,000 $ 450,000 Catherine Kniker $ 430,000 $ 430,000 (1) Mr. Dahdah joined PTC in December 2024 . The above reflects his target annual salary for 2025, which amount was prorated as reflected in the Summary Compensation Table. 2025 Performance-Based Compensation The performance measures we develop and use for our operating performance-based compensation are designed to drive performance against our short-term and long-term financial operating plan to create value for our shareholders. Our relative TSR RSUs align our executives compensation with our shareholders experience for the three-year period. ALIGNMENT OF CORPORATE STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE-BASED COMPENSATION Compensation Plan Operating Performance Measure Market-Based Performance Measure Increase Free Cash Flow Increase Portfolio of Subscription Contracts Shareholder Return Annual Corporate Incentive Plan Free Cash Flow Long-Term Performance RSUs ARR Growth Relative TSR 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Annual Corporate Incentive Plan Our Corporate Incentive Plan ( CIP ) is designed to incentivize and reward the achievement of annual company operating performance objectives and to recognize individual performance. Our Compensation and People Committee reviews the target bonus opportunities annually to ensure opportunities remain competitive. The Committee targets the market median, and adjusts as necessary for executive-specific factors such as individual performance, job scope, and retention risk. In 2025, the Committee did not make changes to target bonus opportunities for the NEOs employed in 2024, as they remained appropriate for each executive s current position and were market competitive. For Mr. Dahdah, who joined the company in December 2024, the Committee established a target bonus opportunity that was appropriate for his position and was market competitive. Each NEO s target annual bonus opportunity as a percentage of base salary in 2025 was as set forth below. Name 2025 CIP Target Neil Barua 150 % Kristian Talvitie 100 % Robert Dahdah 100 % Aaron von Staats 75 % Catherine Kniker 75 % 2025 ANNUAL CIP METRICS AND ACHIEVEMENT For 2025, the Compensation and People Committee selected Free Cash Flow as the CIP performance measure, as in past years, because it is viewed as a key indicator of our liquidity and ability to return cash to shareholders. The 2025 Free Cash Flow threshold and targets were developed in the context of our financial operating plan and growth over 2024 Free Cash Flow, with the Target representing an approximately 13% increase in Free Cash Flow over 2024. No portion of the CIP was payable unless threshold Free Cash Flow performance was achieved. Performance Measure Threshold (50% Earned) Target (100% Earned) Upside (135% Earned) (2) Achievement % Earned Free Cash Flow (1) $790 Million $830 Million $850 Million $857 Million 135% (1) Free Cash Flow is cash flow from operations net of capital expenditures for the applicable period. 2025 Free Cash Flow consisted of $868 million of cash from operations net of $11 million of capital expenditures. (2) 135% was the maximum that could be earned and funded (the cap) under the 2025 CIP. Each NEO could earn a maximum of 200% of such executive s 2025 CIP target bonus based on company and individual performance; however, the aggregate amount that could be earned by all executives under the plan, including the NEOs, was not more than the actual 135% of the 2025 CIP Target achieved multiplied by the aggregate of their 2025 CIP Target bonuses. The structure ensures that payouts are directly tied to measurable financial performance and allows for the exercise of downward discretion by the Committee based on individual performance. 36 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A The Committee determined that each of the NEOs had earned the following percentages of their 2025 CIP Target bonuses. No discretion was applied for individual performance due to the collaborative leadership demonstrated in achieving PTC s strategic objectives for the year. Name % 2025 CIP Target Earned Neil Barua 135 % Kristian Talvitie 135 % Robert Dahdah 135 % Aaron von Staats 135 % Catherine Kniker 135 % The 2025 CIP amounts paid to each NEO are shown in the Summary Compensation Table. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Long-Term Incentive Compensation Target Equity Opportunities Long-term incentives ( LTI ) are a significant component of our executives compensation to emphasize and focus our executives on long-term value creation. LTI awards are granted annually to our NEOs, directly linking their compensation to the Company s sustained, long-term performance. Grants are made following the completion of annual assessments of our NEOs and an external market analysis of equity practices among our compensation peer group. The Compensation and People Committee evaluates an executive s individual performance, potential future contributions, market competitiveness, retention concerns, and other relevant factors, to determine annual target grant values. For 2025, the total annual LTI grant of our NEOs was comprised of a mix of our performance-based RSUs ( PRSUs ) and time-based RSUs. The CEO was granted a mix of 60% PRSUs and 40% RSUs, while other NEOs received a mix of 50% PRSUs and 50% RSUs of the total target annual grant value. Both award types settle in our common stock. The PRSUs are evenly split between Operating Performance PRSUs and Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) PRSUs. Performance award conditions are described in the following section. In 2025, the annual target grant values for our NEOs were as follows: Name Performance-Based LTI Grant Value Time-Based LTI Grant Value Total LTI Grant Value Neil Barua $ 9,600,000 $ 6,400,000 $ 16,000,000 Kristian Talvitie $ 2,500,000 $ 2,500,000 $ 5,000,000 Robert Dahdah $ 2,325,000 $ 2,325,000 $ 4,650,000 Aaron von Staats $ 1,875,000 $ 1,875,000 $ 3,750,000 Catherine Kniker $ 1,250,000 $ 1,250,000 $ 2,500,000 New Hire and Retention Long-Term Incentive Compensation Robert Dahdah In consideration of the equity Mr. Dahdah would forfeit at his former employer, and as an inducement to join PTC, Mr. Dahdah received a sign-on equity award of RSUs valued at $7,000,000 on the grant date that vests in three relatively equal annual installments over three years. The award value represented only a portion of the value of the equity he forfeited. Catherine Kniker To ensure continuity during our go-to-market business transformation, Ms. Kniker received an equity award of RSUs valued at $1,250,000 on the grant date that vests in three substantially equal annual installments over three years. The award was designed to retain her expertise as Chief Marketing Officer to drive successful execution of the company s Go-To-Market transformation. 38 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A How Our Operating Performance PRSUs Work Our operating performance PRSUs are eligible to vest in three substantially equal installments over a three-year period, contingent on the achievement of performance measures. The performance measures are established on the grant date and apply to each of the three performance periods. Vesting occurs only after the performance threshold is achieved and the number of PRSUs earned depends on the level of performance achieved, up to a maximum of 200%. Operating PRSUs not earned for the applicable year are forfeited. We use three annual performance measurement periods and vesting as we believe it more effectively focuses our executives on delivering consistent performance over the three-year period, with forfeiture of PRSUs not earned for a performance period reinforcing this. How Our Relative TSR PRSUs Work Our relative TSR PRSUs are eligible to vest at the end of a single, three-year performance period, contingent on the achievement of the performance measures. The performance measures are established on the grant date. Vesting occurs only after the performance threshold is achieved, and the number PRSUs earned depends on the level of relative TSR performance achieved, up to a maximum of 200%. However, if the weighted average stock price as of the last day of three-year performance period is lower than the weighted average stock price as of the beginning of the period, then the maximum number of relative TSR PRSUs that can be earned is capped at 100%, even if performance exceeds the level at which 100% of the relative TSR PRSUs are earned. TSR PRSUs not earned are forfeited. How Our Time-Based RSUs Work Our time-based RSUs are designed to retain our NEOs, reward them for absolute long-term stock price appreciation, facilitate stock ownership and alignment with shareholders, and provide stability. The RSUs vest in three substantially equal annual installments. 2025 PERFORMANCE-BASED RSU GRANT GOALS 2025 Operating Performance PRSUs Goals For 2025 , consistent with prior years, the Committee selected Annual Run Rate ( ARR ) Growth as the performance measure for our operating performance PRSUs. ARR is one of the most important indicators of our business performance, representing the value of our portfolio of recurring revenue contracts at the end of the applicable period. We use ARR Growth as a performance measure as it provides clear line-of-sight into the recurring revenue potential of our portfolio and supports our long-term strategy to drive recurring revenue growth. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A At the start of the fiscal year, the Committee established the ARR Growth performance goals for all performance periods based on alignment with our financial operating plan. The following chart shows the performance goals established for the 2025 operating performance PRSUs. Grant Performance Measure Threshold (1) (50% Earned) Target (1) (100% Earned) Upside (1) (200% Earned) 2025 Annual ARR Growth 6 % 9 % 12 % (1) Linear interpolation applies for performance between levels. No payouts are earned for performance below threshold level. 2025 Relative TSR PRSUs Goals For 2025, the Committee maintained its approach from last year to establish a Relative TSR comparison group. This comparison group is comprised of a custom group of S P Software Services companies with market capitalizations of more than $5 Billion plus the company s compensation peer group. This comparison group was selected due to its reasonable sample size, industry relevance, and strong stock price correlation with PTC. The achievement targets were established on the grant date. The 2025 Relative TSR PRSU awards have a one 3-year performance period that will end September 30, 2027. The following chart shows the performance goals established by the Committee for the 2025 grant. Grant Year Performance Measure Threshold (1) (50% Earned) Target (1) (100% Earned) Upside (1) (200% Earned) 2025 Three Year Relative TSR (2) 25th Percentile 50th Percentile 90th Percentile (1) Linear interpolation applies for performance between levels. No payouts are earned for performance below threshold level. (2) If the weighted average PTC stock price as of September 30, 2024 is higher than the weighted average PTC stock price on September 30, 2027, the maximum number of PRSUs that can be earned is 100% of the PRSUs even if relative TSR is achieved above the 50th percentile. The stock price value is determined using a 30-day weighted average for the applicable period. PERFORMANCE-BASED RSU GOALS AND ACHIEVEMENT FOR PERFORMANCE PERIODS ENDING 2025 2023, 2024, and 2025 Operating Performance PRSUs Achievement As our operating performance-based RSUs have annual performance periods and vesting opportunities, one-third of the RSUs granted in 2023, 2024, and 2025 were eligible to be earned at the completion of 2025. The following chart shows the goals established on the grant date, and the actual results achieved for 2025. For additional details on the goal setting process for the ARR Growth measures, see 2025 Operating Performance PRSUs Goals . Grant Year Performance Measure Threshold (1) (50% Earned) Target (1) (100% Earned) Upside (1) (200% Earned) Achievement Earned 2025 2025 ARR Growth 6 % 9 % 12 % 8.5 % 91 % 2024 2025 ARR Growth 6 % 10 % 16 % 8.5 % 81 % 2023 2025 ARR Growth 6 % 10 % 16 % 8.5 % 81 % (1) Linear interpolation applies for performance between levels. No payouts are earned for performance below threshold level. 40 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A 2023 Relative TSR PRSUs Achievement The three-year performance period for the relative TSR PRSUs granted in 2023 ended at the end of 2025 and were eligible to cliff vest accordingly. The following chart shows the goals established at the time of grant, and the actual results achieved for the 2023 to 2025 performance period. Performance Measure Threshold (50% Earned) Target (100% Earned) Interim Upside (150% Earned) Upside (200% Earned) Achievement Earned Three Year Relative TSR (2)(3) 25th Percentile 50th Percentile 75th Percentile 90th Percentile 72nd Percentile 144% (1) (1) Linear interpolation applies for performance between levels. No payouts are earned for performance below threshold level. (2) The comparison group of companies for the 2023 relative TSR PRSUs use the S P 500 Software and Services Index, excluding seven services companies included in the Index, plus any 2023 compensation peer group companies not included in that Index. (3) If the weighted average PTC stock price as of September 30, 2022 was higher than the weighted average PTC stock price on September 30, 2025, the maximum number of PRSUs that could be earned was 100% of the PRSUs even if relative TSR was achieved above the 50th percentile. The stock price value was determined using a 30-day weighted average for the applicable period. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A How W e Set Executive Compensation Compensation and People Committee Role The Compensation and People Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors and establishes and reviews the compensation for our named executive officers annually. The roles and responsibilities of the Committee are set forth in the written charter adopted by our Board of Directors, which can be found on the investor relations section of PTC s website under Governance. Independent Compensation Consultant The Committee engaged Pearl Meyer Partners, LLC as its independent compensation consultant for 2025. The Committee assessed the independence of Pearl Meyer and determined that Pearl Meyer is independent of PTC and has no relationships that could create a conflict of interest with PTC. As part of its assessment, the Committee considered the fact that Pearl Meyer provides no other services to PTC and consults with PTC s management only as necessary to provide the services described below. Pearl Meyer provides a range of services to the Committee to support the Committee in fulfilling its responsibilities, including providing: Legislative and regulatory updates; Peer group compensation data; Advice on competitive executive compensation arrangements; Advice on the structure and competitiveness of our compensation programs; and Advice on the consistency of our programs with our executive compensation philosophy. Pearl Meyer attends Committee meetings, reviews compensation data with the Committee, and participates in discussions regarding executive compensation issues. The Committee meets with Pearl Meyer with and without PTC management present. Pearl Meyer was paid $224,596 for services to the Committee in 2025. No other compensation was paid to Pearl Meyer by the company for 2025. Consultation with Management Members of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief People Officer, participate in Committee meetings as requested by the Committee to discuss the materials provided, including those related to recommendations on executive pay, competitive market practices and performance measures. Although the members of management provide their views, decisions on executive compensation are made solely by the Committee and, in the case of the Chief Executive Officer s compensation, without the presence of the Chief Executive Officer. Determination of the Total Amount of Compensation We make decisions regarding the amount and mix of compensation for our executives based on: Objective data provided by Pearl Meyer (the competitive analysis ); Analysis of the scope of each executive s responsibilities; and Internal pay equity among the executives. We use the competitive analysis to assess our executives compensation against the compensation paid to executives in similar positions in the peer group to ensure that the compensation we pay is competitive and fair to our executives and to our shareholders. We generally target compensation opportunities for our executives at the median of the 42 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A market as an initial benchmark. While we use the competitive analysis as a starting point, we also consider the qualitative dimensions of an executive s role, internal pay equity among our executives, and tenure in the position when setting our executives compensation as we do not believe an external benchmark should be the only determinant of compensation. COMPETITIVE ANALYSIS (BENCHMARKING) The peer group used for the 2025 competitive analysis consisted of 17 publicly-traded U.S. software companies, most of which are in the enterprise software space, that had revenues and market capitalizations in a range we believe is appropriate. In selecting the peer group, we target companies with revenue within an approximately 0.5x to 2.5x multiple of PTC s revenue and an approximately 0.5x to 4.0x multiple of PTC s market capitalization. However, we may include companies with revenue and/or market capitalizations outside these parameters if there is strong product and/or service similarity. We believe the peer group represents the competition for executive talent in our industry. We review the peer group annually to ensure that the companies in the peer group remain relevant and provide meaningful compensation comparisons. 2025 COMPENSATION PEER GROUP 17 Publicly- traded U.S. software companies Akamai Technologies, Inc. ANSYS, Inc. Autodesk, Inc. Bentley Systems, Inc. Cadence Design Systems CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. Dayforce Inc. Dynatrace, Inc. F5, Inc. Fair Isaac Corporation Guidewire Software, Inc. Nutanix, Inc. Open Text Corporation Paycom Software, Inc. Trimble, Inc. Tyler Technologies, Inc. WEX, Inc. The 2025 peer group differed from the 2024 peer group as described below. Other Important Elements of Our Compensation Program Compensation Clawback Policy We maintain an Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy that complies with Rule 10D-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Nasdaq Rule 5608 that requires us to recover performance-based compensation paid to an executive officer if such compensation is later determined to have been unearned due to a restatement of our financial results for the performance period. The policy also enables us to recover performance-based compensation from other executives upon such a restatement and from our executive officers and other executives upon correction of prior period operating or other performance measures. Our Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy is filed as Exhibit 97.1 to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Stock Ownership Requirements Our executives are required to attain and maintain stock ownership levels of our common stock (options and unvested equity are not counted). For our CEO, that amount is 6x his annual salary and for our other executive officers, that amount is 3x their respective annual salaries. All our executives meet their respective stock ownership requirements. Timing of Equity Grants We do not time grants either to take advantage of a depressed stock price or an anticipated increase in stock price and have limited the amount of discretion that can be exercised in connection with the timing of awards. We generally make awards only on pre-determined dates to ensure that awards cannot be timed to take advantage of material non-public information. Our annual executive awards are made in November after public release of the previous year s financial results and annual awards to our Board of Directors are made on the day of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Awards to executive officers may be made only by the Committee. Other employee awards may be made by either the Committee or by our Chief Executive Officer pursuant to delegated authority. The Committee generally makes awards only at Committee meetings and generally does not make awards in earnings blackout periods (the prophylactic period encompassing the last three weeks of each fiscal quarter through 24 hours after the earnings for that quarter are announced) unless special circumstances exist, such as a new hire or a contractual commitment. Our Chief Executive Officer may make regular awards only on the 15th of the month (or the next business day if the 15th is not a business day), other than in the months of January, April, July, and October because the 15th of each of those months falls in our prophylactic earnings blackout period, and otherwise pursuant to specifically delegated authority, and, in both cases, only up to established values set by the Committee. Consideration of Stock-Based Compensation Expense and Dilution We consider the stock-based compensation expense and dilution (burn rate) associated with equity awards to executives and our employees as we develop our overall equity compensation program. The expense associated with the equity awards is equal to the fair value of the equity issued and is amortized over the vesting period of the award. We monitor this expense and dilution to shareholders as we develop our plans and strive to maintain a program that balances the goals of our equity program with the expense and dilution associated with the program. Severance and Change in Control Arrangements AGREEMENTS AND CONDITIONS We maintain severance and change in control arrangements with our executives. The agreements require the executive to execute a non-compete agreement with PTC and to execute a general release of claims as a condition to receiving severance benefits. The agreements are described in more detail under Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control . The Committee believes that these agreements enable us to motivate and retain our executives in a time of continuing consolidation in our industry and increased competition for executive talent. They provide a measure of earnings security by offering income protection in the form of severance and continued benefits if the executive s employment is terminated without cause, economic protection for the executive s family if the executive becomes disabled or dies, and additional protections in connection with a change in control of PTC. The Committee believes that providing severance to PTC employees, including executives, is an appropriate bridge to subsequent employment if the person s employment is terminated without cause. This is particularly so for executive- level positions for which the opportunities are typically more limited, and the job search lead time is longer. The agreements also benefit PTC by enabling executives to remain focused on PTC s business in uncertain times without the distraction of potential job loss. 44 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A The Committee believes these agreements are even more important in the context of a change in control as it believes they will motivate and encourage the executives to be receptive to potential strategic transactions that are in the best interest of shareholders, even if the executive faces potential job loss. The agreements for our executives have double triggers so that no equity is accelerated upon a change in control but is accelerated only if the executive is terminated in connection with or after a change in control. The Committee believes this benefits PTC and any potential acquirer because it enables PTC to retain and motivate executives while a potential change in control is pending, provides an acquirer with the ability to retain desired executives using existing equity incentives, and does not provide a one-time benefit to an executive that could undermine those efforts. PERIODIC REVIEW The Committee reviews these agreements each year for the executive officers to determine if these agreements should be maintained, modified, or terminated. No changes were made to existing executive agreements in 2025. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 45 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Annual Assessment of Risks Associated with Our Compensation Programs We assess our compensation plans and programs for employees, including our executives, annually to ensure alignment of the various plans and programs with our business plan and to evaluate the potential risks associated with those plans and programs. For 2025, the Compensation and People Committee retained Pearl Meyer Partners, the Committee s independent compensation consultant, to assist the Committee in assessing those risks. Based on this assessment, the Compensation and People Committee concluded that the company s compensation plans and programs do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on PTC. The Compensation and People Committee regularly considers the risks associated with our executives compensation and performance-based compensation when establishing such compensation. We also consider risk and reward when designing our other employees compensation plans and programs. The elements described below with respect to such plans and programs were considered when assessing the risks associated with our compensation programs: A detailed planning process with Compensation and People Committee or executive oversight exists for all compensation programs. The proportion of an employee s performance- based pay increases as the responsibility and potential impact of the employee s position increases, which structure is in line with market practices. We set performance goals that we believe are reasonable considering past performance and market conditions. We use different performance measures for our annual incentive plans and our long-term incentive plans. Our executives long-term equity awards are split 50/50, and our CEO s 40/60, between time-based and performance- based long-term equity to balance the risk associated with performance-based equity with retention provided by time-based equity. We use RSUs rather than stock options for equity awards because RSUs retain value even if the stock price declines so that employees are less likely to take unreasonable risks to get, or keep, options in-the- money . We generally use time-based vesting over three years for our long-term equity awards to ensure our employees interests are aligned with those of our shareholders in the long-term performance of PTC. Payouts under our performance-based plans result in some compensation after achievement of the performance threshold at levels below full target achievement, rather than an all-or-nothing approach. Upside earning opportunity in our annual cash compensation plans and our performance-based equity is capped. All functions have a component of their leadership incentive plans tied to overall PTC performance to ensure cross-functional alignment with PTC s business plan. Our executive stock ownership policy requires our executives to hold a substantial amount of stock (options and unvested equity do not count), which aligns an appropriate portion of their personal wealth to the long-term performance of PTC. Our compensation clawback policy enables us to recover incentive compensation paid to an executive officer if it is later determined not to have been earned due to restatement of prior period financial or operating results, thus reducing any incentive to engage in misconduct to meet the targets. We maintain effective controls and procedures to ensure that amounts are earned and paid in accordance with our plans and programs. 46 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Compensation and People Committee Report The Compensation and People Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Based on such review and discussions, the Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement. COMPENSATION AND PEOPLE COMMITTEE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 47 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Compensation Tables The discussion, tables and footnotes below describe our named executive officers compensation and compensation opportunities for 2025 and outstanding equity as of the end of the year. We discuss our pay for performance compensation philosophy and how we set executive compensation in Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Neil Barua (4) President and Chief Executive Officer 2025 $ 800,000 $ 21,720,456 $ 1,620,000 $ 174,672 $ 24,315,129 2024 $ 800,000 $ 13,968,399 $ 1,620,000 $ 11,504 $ 16,399,903 2023 $ 431,154 $ 12,710,200 $ 672,411 $ 392,408 $ 14,206,173 Kristian Talvitie EVP, Chief Financial Officer 2025 $ 575,000 $ 6,489,497 $ 776,250 $ 12,000 $ 7,852,747 2024 $ 575,000 $ 6,349,268 $ 776,250 $ 11,919 $ 7,712,437 2023 $ 515,000 $ 5,214,356 $ 695,250 $ 11,400 $ 6,436,006 Robert Dahdah EVP, Chief Revenue Officer 2025 $ 452,308 $ 12,989,940 $ 756,000 $ 11,077 $ 14,209,325 Aaron von Staats EVP, Chief Legal Officer 2025 $ 450,000 $ 4,866,573 $ 455,625 $ 10,385 $ 5,782,582 2024 $ 450,000 $ 3,809,247 $ 455,625 $ 10,350 $ 4,725,222 2023 $ 430,000 $ 3,258,594 $ 435,375 $ 9,900 $ 4,133,869 Catherine Kniker EVP, Chief Marketing and Sustainability Officer 2025 $ 430,000 $ 4,494,379 $ 435,375 $ 10,350 $ 5,370,104 2024 $ 430,000 $ 3,174,393 $ 435,375 $ 10,222 $ 4,049,990 2023 $ 420,000 $ 2,857,087 $ 425,250 $ 15,494 $ 3,717,831 (1) Aggregate grant date fair value of awards. Assumptions made in the valuation of these awards are described in Note 11 to our financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. For service-based and operating performance-based RSUs, the grant date fair value is equal to the number of RSUs granted multiplied by the closing price of our stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market on the grant date and considers the probability of achievement of any performance measures at the time of grant. For the rTSR performance-based RSUs, the value is determined using a Monte Carlo methodology that considers the probability of achievement of the performance measures at the time of grant. The maximum potential value of the operating and rTSR performance based RSUs is 200% of the target RSUs granted. Named Executive Officer Number of 2025 Target Performance-Based RSUs Maximum Value of Performance-Based RSUs based on Closing Price on Grant Date Neil Barua 49,622 $ 19,199,744 Kristian Talvitie 12,922 $ 4,999,780 Robert Dahdah 11,648 $ 4,649,649 Aaron von Staats 9,690 $ 3,749,255 Catherine Kniker 6,460 $ 2,499,503 (2) For all years, these amounts were paid in shares of PTC common stock, with the number of shares granted determined by dividing the amount earned by the closing price of a share of PTC common stock on November 20, 2025, November 21, 2024 and November 27, 2023, respectively. 48 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A (3) For Mr. Talvitie, Mr. Dahdah, Mr. von Staats, and Ms. Kniker, matching contributions under PTC s 401(k) Savings Plan of $10,500, $10,500, $10,385 and $10,350, respectively. For Mr. Talvitie and Mr. Dahdah, matching contributions under PTC s Health Savings Account Plan of $1,500 and $577, respectively. (4) Mr. Barua s compensation for 2025 included a matching contribution of $10,500 under PTC s 401(k) Savings Plan, a matching contribution of $1,500 under PTC s Health Savings Account Plan, home and digital security costs of $119,879 under PTC s executive security program, and $42,752 of incremental costs associated with personal use of PTC s leased corporate aircraft. The lease agreement for PTC s leased corporate aircraft sets forth the cost of each flight as the sum of (a) the amount of hours flown multiplied by an hourly occupied fee and (b) the amount of hours flown multiplied by an hourly fuel fee. When the corporate aircraft is used for personal use, we consider the entire cost reportable as a perquisite under SEC rules. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 49 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Grants of Plan-Based Awards Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Estimated Possible Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards All Other Stock Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Stock or Units (#) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Awards (1) ($) Name Grant Date Threshold ($) Target ($) Maximum ($) Threshold (#) Target (#) Maximum (#) Neil Barua President and Chief Executive Officer 11/13/2024 (2 ) $ 0 $ 1,200,000 $ 2,400,000 11/13/2024 (3 ) 12,405 24,811 49,622 $ 9,279,872 11/13/2024 (4 ) 12,405 24,811 49,622 $ 6,040,734 11/13/2024 (5 ) 33,081 $ 6,399,850 Kristian Talvitie EVP, Chief Financial Officer 11/13/2024 (2 ) $ 0 $ 575,000 $ 1,150,000 11/13/2024 (3 ) 3,230 6,461 12,922 $ 2,416,548 11/13/2024 (4 ) 3,230 6,461 12,922 $ 1,573,060 11/13/2024 (5 ) 12,922 $ 2,499,890 Robert Dahdah EVP, Chief Revenue Officer 12/9/2024 (2 ) $ 0 $ 560,000 $ 1,120,000 12/9/2024 (3 ) 2,912 5,824 11,648 $ 2,247,326 12/9/2024 (4 ) 2,912 5,824 11,648 $ 1,417,969 12/9/2024 (5 ) 11,648 $ 2,324,824 12/9/2024 (6 ) 35,071 $ 6,999,821 Aaron von Staats EVP, Chief Legal Officer 11/13/2024 (2 ) $ 0 $ 337,500 $ 675,000 11/13/2024 (3 ) 2,422 4,845 9,690 $ 1,812,140 11/13/2024 (4 ) 2,422 4,845 9,690 $ 1,179,612 11/13/2024 (5 ) 9,691 $ 1,874,821 Catherine Kniker EVP, Chief Marketing and Sustainability Officer 11/13/2024 (2 ) $ 0 $ 322,500 $ 645,000 11/13/2024 (3 ) 1,615 3,230 6,460 $ 1,208,080 11/13/2024 (4 ) 1,615 3,230 6,460 $ 786,408 11/13/2024 (5 ) 6,461 $ 1,249,945 11/13/2024 (7 ) 6,461 $ 1,249,945 (1) For all RSUs other than the rTSR RSUs, the grant date fair value was calculated by multiplying the number of RSUs granted by the closing price of a share of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market on the grant date and applying the likelihood of any performance measures being achieved. For the rTSR RSUs, the grant date fair value was determined using a Monte Carlo valuation. (2) Awards under our annual corporate incentive plan ( CIP ). Amounts earned were paid in common stock valued at the fair market value on the date delivered. Each executive could earn a maximum of 200% of such executive s CIP Target bonus; however, as the aggregate amount payable to all executives was limited to the actual Free Cash Flow performance achieved multiplied by the aggregate of the executives CIP Target bonuses , not all executives could be paid 200% of their respective CIP Target bonuses. Amounts paid are shown in the Summary Compensation Table. (3) Performance-based RSUs eligible to vest over three years to the extent the ARR performance measures are met for each of 2025, 2026 and 2027. Only one-third of the RSUs granted are eligible to be earned for each of 2025, 2026 and 2027. RSUs not earned in a year are forfeited. (4) Performance-based RSUs eligible to vest in 2027 to the extent the three-year relative TSR performance measure is met. RSUs not earned for the three-year performance period are forfeited. (5) Time-based RSUs that vest in three substantially equal installments in November 2025, 2026 and 2027. (6) Time-based RSUs that vest in three relatively equal installments in December 2025, 2026 and 2027. (7) Time-based retention RSUs that vest in three substantially equal installments in November 2025, 2026 and 2027. 50 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End Stock Awards Equity Incentive Plan Awards Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (1) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (2) Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (3) Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($) (2) Neil Barua President and Chief Executive Officer 23,704 (5) $ 4,812,386 11,852 (9) $ 2,406,193 33,081 (6) $ 6,716,105 17,778 (10) $ 3,609,290 7,628 (13) $ 1,548,637 24,811 (11) $ 5,037,129 11,471 (14) $ 2,328,842 24,811 (12) $ 5,037,129 Kristian Talvitie EVP, Chief Financial Officer 5,134 (4) $ 1,042,305 2,567 (7) $ 521,152 10,774 (5) $ 2,187,337 7,702 (8) $ 1,563,660 12,922 (6) $ 2,623,424 5,387 (9) $ 1,093,669 8,081 (10) $ 1,640,605 6,461 (11) $ 1,311,712 6,461 (12) $ 1,311,712 Robert Dahdah EVP, Chief Revenue Officer 11,648 (6) $ 2,364,777 5,824 (11) $ 1,182,388 35,071 (15) $ 7,120,114 5,824 (12) $ 1,182,388 Aaron von Staats EVP, Chief Legal Officer 3,209 (4) $ 651,491 1,604 (7) $ 325,644 6,464 (5) $ 1,312,321 4,813 (8) $ 977,135 9,691 (6) $ 1,967,467 3,232 (9) $ 656,161 4,848 (10) $ 984,241 4,845 (11) $ 983,632 4,845 (12) $ 983,632 Catherine Kniker EVP, Chief Marketing and Sustainability Officer 2,567 (4) $ 521,152 1,283 (7) $ 260,475 5,387 (5) $ 1,093,669 3,851 (8) $ 781,830 6,461 (6) $ 1,311,712 2,693 (9) $ 546,733 710 (16) $ 144,144 4,040 (10) $ 820,201 6,461 (17) $ 1,311,712 3,230 (11) $ 655,755 3,230 (12) $ 655,755 (1) The unvested restricted stock unit (RSU) awards shown in this column are subject to time-based vesting. (2) The market value of unvested RSUs was calculated as of September 30, 2025 based on the closing price of a share of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on September 30, 2025 of $203.02. (3) The unvested RSUs shown in this column are subject to performance-based vesting. (4) FY23 time-based RSUs that vested on November 15, 2025. (5) FY24 time-based RSUs that vest in two equal installments on November 15, 2025 and 2026. (6) FY25 time-based RSUs that vest in three substantially equal installments on November 15, 2025, 2026 and 2027. (7) FY23 performance-based ARR RSUs that vested on November 15, 2025. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 51 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A (8) FY23 performance-based rTSR RSUs that vested on November 15, 2025. (9) FY24 performance-based ARR RSUs that vest to the extent earned in November 2025 and 2026. (10) FY24 performance-based rTSR RSUs that vest to the extent earned in November 2026. (11) FY25 performance-based ARR RSUs that vest to the extent earned in November 2025, 2026 and 2027. (12) FY25 performance-based rTSR RSUs that vest to the extent earned in November 2027. (13) Time-based RSUs that vest on January 12, 2026. (14) Time-based RSUs that vest on August 15, 2026. (15) Time-based RSUs that vest in three relatively equal installments in December 2025, 2026 and 2027. (16) Time-based promotion RSUs that vest on March 15, 2026. (17) Time-based RSUs that vest in three substantially equal installments on November 15, 2025, 2026 and 2027. Options Exercised and Stock Vested Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting Value Realized on Vesting Neil Barua President and Chief Executive Officer 53,674 $ 10,205,578 Kristian Talvitie EVP, Chief Financial Officer 33,244 $ 6,316,692 Robert Dahdah EVP, Chief Revenue Officer Aaron von Staats EVP, Chief Legal Officer 21,639 $ 4,111,626 Catherine Kniker EVP, Chief Marketing and Sustainability Officer 17,426 $ 3,273,805 Grant Date Grant Date Share Value Vest Date Vest Date Share Value Neil Barua Kristian Talvitie Robert Dahdah Aaron von Staats Catherine Kniker # RSUs # RSUs # RSUs # RSUs # RSUs 11/17/2021 $ 119.64 11/15/2024 $ 190.01 16,093 11,140 7,426 5/31/2022 $ 116.53 5/15/2025 $ 171.80 715 11/16/2022 $ 129.83 11/15/2024 $ 190.01 8,369 5,230 4,184 1/12/2023 $ 131.09 1/12/2025 $ 182.38 22,884 3/13/2023 $ 117.33 3/15/2025 $ 155.80 710 7/27/2023 $ 145.29 8/15/2025 $ 205.84 11,471 11/15/2023 $ 154.68 11/15/2024 $ 190.01 19,319 8,782 5,269 4,391 52 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control We have agreements with our executive officers that provide the benefits described below in connection with certain terminations or a change in control of PTC. We describe our reasons for providing these benefits in Compensation Discussion and Analysis Other Important Elements of Our Compensation Programs Severance and Change in Control Arrangements . To receive the payments and benefits described below, the executive must execute a release of claims against PTC. The executive also must continue to comply with the material terms of the agreement and the terms of the executive s Proprietary Information Agreement with PTC, which remains in effect after the termination of the executive s employment. SUMMARY OF EXECUTIVE AGREEMENT TERMS REGARDING COMPENSATION ON CHANGE-IN-CONTROL AND CERTAIN TERMINATIONS Name Compensation Event or Circumstances of Termination or Event Termination without Cause or Resignation for Other Reason (1) Termination for Cause or Voluntary Resignation Change in Control Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason within 2 Years Following a Change in Control Disability or Death Neil Barua President and Chief Executive Officer Base Salary 2x 2x Target Bonus 2x 2x Pro-Rated Target Bonus 1x Pro-Rated 1x Pro-Rated 1x Pro Rated less Amount Paid on CIC Accelerated Equity 1 Year 100% 100% Benefits Continuation 18 Months 2 Years Payment Term Upon Event Upon Event Upon Event Upon Event Gross-Up Payment (1) Other Reason is defined and limited within Mr. Barua s Executive Agreement to circumstances in which his title, responsibilities, or compensation are substantially reduced, material uncured breaches of our agreements with him, or his principal office of employment is relocated such that his commute increases by more than fifty miles. Compensation Event or Circumstances of Termination or Event Name Termination without Cause Termination for Cause or Voluntary Resignation Change in Control Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason within 2 Years Following a Change in Control Disability or Death Other NEOs Base Salary 1x 1x Target Bonus 1x 1x Pro-Rated Target Bonus 1x Pro-Rated Accelerated Equity (1) 1 Year 100% 100% Benefits Continuation 1 Year 1 Year Payment Term Upon Event Upon Event Upon Event Upon Event Gross-Up Payment (1) For Ms. Kniker only, in connection with a termination without cause, all unvested RSUs under a retention grant made in November 2024 will remain outstanding and continue to vest in accordance with their terms. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 53 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A PAYMENTS ON CHANGE-IN-CONTROL AND TERMINATIONS IF SUCH EVENTS HAD OCCURRED ON SEPTEMBER 30, 2025 Event or Circumstances of Termination Name Termination without Cause or Resignation for Specified Other Reason Termination for Cause or Voluntary Resignation Change in Control Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason within 2 Years following a Change in Control Disability or Death Neil Barua President and Chief Executive Officer Base Salary $ 1,600,000 $ 1,600,000 Target Bonus $ 2,400,000 $ 2,400,000 Pro-Rated Target Bonus $ 1,200,000 $ 1,200,000 Accelerated Equity $ 11,404,649 $ 31,495,711 $ 31,495,711 Benefits Continuation $ 52,938 $ 70,963 Total $ 16,657,587 $ 0 $ 1,200,000 $ 35,566,674 $ 31,495,711 Event or Circumstances of Termination Termination without Cause Termination for Cause or Voluntary Resignation Change in Control Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason within 2 Years following a Change in Control Disability or Death Kristian Talvitie Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Base Salary $ 575,000 $ 575,000 Target Bonus $ 575,000 $ 575,000 Pro-Rated Target Bonus $ 575,000 Accelerated Equity $ 6,079,637 $ 13,295,577 $ 13,295,577 Benefits Continuation $ 23,049 $ 23,049 Total $ 7,252,686 $ 0 $ 575,000 $ 14,468,626 $ 13,295,577 54 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Event or Circumstances of Termination Termination without Cause Termination for Cause or Voluntary Resignation Change in Control Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason within 2 Years following a Change in Control Disability or Death Robert Dahdah Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue Officer Base Salary $ 560,000 $ 560,000 Target Bonus $ 560,000 $ 560,000 Pro-Rated Target Bonus $ 560,000 Accelerated Equity $ 3,674,662 $ 11,849,668 $ 11,849,668 Benefits Continuation $ 12,028 $ 12,028 Total $ 4,806,690 $ 0 $ 560,000 $ 12,981,696 $ 11,849,668 Aaron von Staats Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Base Salary $ 450,000 $ 450,000 Target Bonus $ 337,500 $ 337,500 Pro-Rated Target Bonus $ 337,500 Accelerated Equity $ 3,922,346 $ 8,841,724 $ 8,841,724 Benefits Continuation $ 25,797 $ 25,797 Total $ 4,735,643 $ 0 $ 337,500 $ 9,655,021 $ 8,841,724 Catherine Kniker Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Sustainability Officer Base Salary $ 430,000 $ 430,000 Target Bonus $ 322,500 $ 322,500 Pro-Rated Target Bonus $ 322,500 Accelerated Equity $ 3,621,268 $ 8,103,137 $ 8,103,137 Continued Equity Vesting $ 874,407 Benefits Continuation Total $ 5,248,175 $ 0 $ 322,500 $ 8,855,637 $ 8,103,137 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 55 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Highlights Proxy Summary Corporate Governance Executive Compensation Auditor Matters PTC Stock Ownership Annual Meeting Information Other Governance Appendix A Additional Compensation Matters Pay Ratio Disclosure In accordance with SEC rules, we calculated the ratio between the 2025 compensation of our CEO and the median of 2025 compensation of all our other employees, which pay ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with applicable SEC rules. Using reasonable estimates and assumptions permitted under the SEC rules, we gathered the annualized base salary and annual target incentive compensation for all employees worldwide, other than our CEO, to identify the median employee. We then calculated the 2025 median employee compensation to be $90,135 based on the methodology used for the Summary Compensation Table. Our CEO s 2025 compensation, as disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table, was $24,315,129 , resulting in a ratio of 270 :1 between our CEO s 2025 compensation and the 2025 median employee compensation. To put this ratio into context, we note that we have a worldwide employee population, with approximately 68% of our employees located outside the U.S. where the competitive amounts we pay differ by country and region. The competitive compensation rates we pay in those countries significantly impact the pay ratio. We also note that the SEC rules for identifying the median employee and calculating the pay ratio based on that employee s annual total compensation allow companies to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply certain exclusions and to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that reflect their compensation practices. As such, the pay ratio reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported above, as other companies may have a different geographic distribution of employees, different employment and compensation practices and may use different methodologies, exclusions, estimates and assumptions in calculating their pay ratios. Pay versus Performance Disclosure The table below has been prepared in accordance with the SEC s pay versus performance ( PvP ) rules. The PvP rules create a definition of pay, referred to as Compensation Actually Paid ( CAP ), which is compared to certain performance measures as required by the SEC. In determining CAP for our principal executive officer (our PEO ) and our named executive officers, we are required to make various adjustments to amounts reported in the Summary Compensation Table for this year and in previous years, as the SEC s valuation methods for this section differ from those required for the Summary Compensation Table. The CAP data reflected in the table below may not reflect amounts actually realized or that will be realized by our named executive officers. A significant portion of the CAP amounts shown relates to changes in v