=== PTC_2025-11-21.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere throughout this Annual Report. Such factors, among others, could have a material adverse effect upon our business, results of operations and financial condition. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which only speak as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to a year reflect our fiscal year that ends on September 30. Website References References to our PTC.com website in this Annual Report and to our 2025 Impact Report, expected to be published in December 2025, are provided for convenience. The content on PTC.com and in our 2025 Impact Report is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. PART I ITEM 1. Bu siness Our Business PTC is a global software company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. We employ over 7,000 people and support more than 30,000 customers globally. We primarily serve customers in the following industry verticals: Industrials Federal, Aerospace and Defense Electronics and High Tech Automotive Medical Technology and Life Sciences 1 Table of Contents Our customers are focused on improving their competitiveness in the face of global competition and increasing product complexity, and our suite of software offerings is a strategic enabler of this and their digital transformation initiatives. Given the breadth and openness of our portfolio, we enable the Intelligent Product Lifecycle: establishing a strong product data foundation in the engineering department and democratizing the access and use of that data across the enterprise to drive cross-functional collaboration, accelerate new product introduction timelines, and deliver higher product quality. By embracing the Intelligent Product Lifecycle, our customers establish the quality, consistency, and traceability of product data, ensuring the data is up-to-date, accessible, reliable, and actionable. Our customers can then go on to use this data to break down silos, streamline workflows, and achieve interoperability across departments, functions, and systems. This includes the growing emphasis on AI-driven transformation across our customers teams, operations, and processes. A product data foundation is the backbone of AI-driven transformation. Our business is based on a subscription model and 95% of our 2025 revenue is recurring in nature. Compared to a perpetual license model, our subscription model naturally drives higher customer engagement and retention and provides better business predictability. This, in turn, enables us to make steady and sustained investments to support our customers and pursue mid-to-long-term growth opportunities. Our Principal Products and Services PLM software products for product data management and process orchestration Our Windchill PLM application suite manages all aspects of the product development lifecycle from concept through service and end-of-life. Windchill provides real-time information sharing, dynamic data visualization, and the ability to collaborate across geographically distributed teams, enabling manufacturers to elevate their product development, manufacturing, field service, and end-of-life processes. Our Codebeamer and pure::variants TM application lifecycle management (ALM) solutions enable companies to accelerate the development of products that contain software, including software-defined products that require multiple software variants to be created and updated over the life of the product. Our ServiceMax service lifecycle management (SLM) solution enables companies to improve asset uptime with optimized in-person and remote service, boost technician productivity with the latest mobile tools, and deliver metrics for confident decision making. Our Servigistics service parts management solution enables companies to effectively manage their service parts inventory, enabling them to optimize equipment availability and uptime, and increase customer satisfaction. Our Arena Software as a Service (SaaS) PLM solution enables product teams to collaborate virtually anytime and anywhere, making it easier to share the latest product and quality information with internal teams and supply chain partners and deliver innovative products to customers faster. Our Arena quality management system software connects quality and product designs into a single system to simplify regulatory compliance. CAD software products for product data authoring Our Creo 3D CAD technology enables the digital design, testing, and modification of product models. With its design simulation, additive manufacturing, and generative design innovations, we enable our customers to be first to market with differentiated products. From initial concept to design, simulation, and analysis, Creo provides designers with innovative tools to efficiently create better products, faster. 2 Table of Contents Our Onshape SaaS product development platform unites computer-aided design with data management, collaboration tools, and real-time analytics. A cloud-native multi-tenant solution that can be instantly deployed on virtually any computer or mobile device, Onshape enables teams to work together from just about anywhere. Real-time design reviews, commenting, and simultaneous editing enable a collaborative workflow where multiple design iterations can be completed in parallel and merged into the final design. Our Markets and How We Address Them We aim to create value for our customers, increase our Annual Run Rate (ARR) and cash flow, and deliver long-term value for shareholders. We focus our resources and attention on the solutions described above, where we believe we can create the greatest customer value. Our growth is primarily driven by existing customers that continue to upgrade and expand their PTC footprint, multi-product adoption by customers, our commercial optimization initiatives, and new customers. Approximately 75% of our sales are from products and services sold directly by our sales force to end-user customers. The rest of our sales of products and services are through third-party resellers. In general, our sales force focuses on large accounts, while our reseller channel provides a cost-effective means of covering the small- and medium-size business markets. Our strategic reseller and software partners enable us to increase our market reach, offer broader solutions, and add compelling technology to our offerings. Our strategic services partners provide service offerings to help customers implement our product offerings and transition to SaaS. Additional financial information about our international and domestic operations may be found in Note 3. Revenue from Contracts with Customers of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Competition We compete with a number of companies whose offerings address one or more specific functional areas covered by our solutions. For enterprise CAD and PLM solutions, we compete with large established companies including Autodesk, Dassault Syst mes SA, and Siemens AG. For our ALM products, we compete with IBM, Jama Software, Inc. and Siemens AG. For our SLM products, we compete with enterprise software companies such as Oracle, SAP, IFS AB, Microsoft, and Salesforce, and with companies that offer point solutions. Proprietary Rights Our software products and related technical know-how, along with our trademarks, including our company names, product names and logos, are proprietary. We protect our intellectual property rights in these items by relying on copyrights, trademarks, patents and common law safeguards, including trade secret protection. The nature and extent of such legal protection depends in part on the type of intellectual property right and the relevant jurisdiction. In the U.S., we are generally able to maintain our trademark registrations for as long as the trademarks are in use and to maintain our patents for up to 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. We also use license management and other anti-piracy technology measures, as well as contractual restrictions, to curtail the unauthorized use and distribution of our products. Our proprietary rights are subject to the risks and uncertainties described under Item 1A. Risk Factors, II. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property below, which is incorporated into this section by reference. 3 Table of Contents Environmental Sustainability At PTC, we re working to contribute to the decarbonization and circularity of global manufacturing. While we have a climate action plan committed to reducing our company s footprint, we believe far larger benefits will flow from our handprint stemming from our software offerings, which enable manufacturers to design, build, and service their products more sustainably. Footprint Our emission reduction plan is validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Our near-term commitment is to reduce by 2030 combined Scope 1 (direct emissions from owned/controlled operations) and Scope 2 (indirect energy use) emissions by 50% and reduce Scope 3 - Category 1 (Purchased Goods and Services) by 25% compared to our 2022 baseline. Our long-term net-zero commitment is to reach net-zero across all scope emissions by 2050, with absolute reductions of over 90% across Scopes 1-3, with accredited carbon removal offsets for the remaining 10% (or less) as needed. We have already begun to implement programs and pursue initiatives to reduce our emissions and carbon footprint, including: entering into a Virtual Power Purchase Agreement (VPPA); prioritizing energy efficiency and accessibility to public transportation when selecting office space; and providing a subsidy for employees' public transportation commute costs. Handprint Environmental sustainability is integral to our product offerings. With our software, manufacturers can support their sustainability and compliance initiatives, including by designing with less material, enhancing product repairability and circularity, improving factory efficiency, and enabling remote service. In preparation for our sustainability reporting obligations, we conducted an enterprise-wide double materiality assessment to assess our sustainability risks and opportunities. As part of our assessment, we identified financially material opportunities related to consumer demand for software solutions that enable the mitigation of climate change and support the transition to a circular economy. While these opportunities cannot yet be quantified to a reasonable degree of certainty, additional qualitative information about these opportunities can be found in our 2025 Impact Report, which we expect to release in December 2025 in compliance with California s Climate-Related Financial Risk Act. 4 Table of Contents People and Culture Within our work environment, we seek to create an inclusive culture in which all employees can thrive. This is a key aspect of our talent strategy. Our approach is focused on promoting an agile culture, an increased sense of belonging, engaged work environments, and high-performing teams. PTC at-a-Glance As of September 30, 2025, PTC had 7,642 full-time employees. Our employee population is geographically diverse and serves a geographically diverse customer and partner network. 5 Table of Contents Compensation and Benefits PTC provides a comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits package designed to attract, retain, motivate, and engage talent around the world, including base salaries, and, for eligible roles, incentive and equity compensation. Employees also have the opportunity to purchase PTC stock at a discount through our Employee Stock Purchase Plan in eligible jurisdictions. Our benefit offerings are designed to meet the needs of our employees and their families around the world. Specific offerings differ country by country due to cultural norms, market dynamics, and legal requirements, but we provide a wide variety of core health and financial programs such as healthcare, life and disability insurance, employee assistance plans, retirement savings and pension benefit plans, and generous paid family leave and vacation time. Talent Development Employee Engagement As we focus on enhancing the employee experience, we are increasing our efforts to invest in our people and create meaningful opportunities to learn, grow, develop, and advance their careers. We have development programs and coaching programs, as well as numerous other self-led learning paths. The variety of options means that employees have the ability to focus on the development path most meaningful to them. Our Culture We are committed to building a strong and inclusive workforce. We review and revise our practices and processes based on feedback and engagement scores from employee pulse surveys. We also integrate inclusive and thoughtful practices into the planning and execution of how we attract, select, develop, and retain talent. Additional Information About Our Employee Initiatives You can find more information about our employee initiatives in our 2025 Impact Report, which we expect to release in December 2025. Available Information We make available free of charge on our website at www.ptc.com the following reports as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing them with, or furnishing them to, the SEC: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; our Current Reports on Form 8-K; and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Proxy Statements for our Annual Meetings and Section 16 trading reports on SEC Forms 3, 4 and 5 also are available on our website. Corporate Information PTC was incorporated in Massachusetts in 1985 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. 6 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. Ri sk Factors The following are important factors we have identified that could affect an investment in our securities. You should consider them carefully when evaluating an investment in PTC securities, because these factors could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or any forward-looking statements. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. I. Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Industry We face significant competition, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects if we are unable to successfully compete. The markets for our products and solutions are rapidly changing and characterized by intense competition, disruptive technology developments, evolving distribution models and increasingly lower barriers to entry. If we are unable to provide products and solutions that address customers needs as well as our competitors products and solutions do, or to align our pricing, licensing and delivery models with customer preferences, we could lose customers and/or fail to attract new customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. For example, customer demand for SaaS solutions is increasing. While our Arena, ServiceMax, and Onshape solutions are cloud-native SaaS solutions, and we have introduced our Windchill+ and Creo+ SaaS solutions, customers may not adopt them as we expect. If we are unable to compete successfully with competitors offering SaaS solutions, we could lose customers and/or fail to attract new customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. Our current and potential competitors range from large and well-established companies to emerging start-ups. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have greater name recognition in the markets we serve and more financial, technical, sales and marketing, and other resources, which could limit our ability to gain customer recognition and confidence in our products and solutions and successfully sell our products and solutions, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. A breach of security in our products or computer systems, or those of our third-party service providers, could compromise the integrity of our products, cause loss of data, harm our reputation, create additional liability and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. We have implemented and continue to implement measures intended to maintain the security and integrity of our products, source code and IT systems. The potential for a security breach or system disruption has significantly increased over time as the scope, number, intensity and sophistication of attempted cyberattacks and cyber intrusions have increased particularly cyberattacks and intrusions designed to access and exfiltrate information and to disrupt and lock up access to systems for the purpose of demanding a ransom payment. It is impossible for us to eliminate the risk of a successful cyberattack or intrusion, and, in fact, we regularly deal with security issues and have experienced security incidents from time to time. Accordingly, there is a risk that a cyberattack or intrusion will be successful and that such event will be material. In addition, we offer cloud services to our customers and some of our products, including our SaaS products, are hosted by third-party service providers, which expose us to additional risks as those repositories of our customers proprietary data may be targeted and a cyberattack or intrusion may be successful and material. Interception of data transmission, misappropriation or modification of data, corruption of data and attacks against our service providers may adversely affect our products or product and service delivery. Malicious code, viruses or vulnerabilities that are undetected by us or our service providers may disrupt our business operations generally and may have a disproportionate effect on our products that are developed and delivered in the cloud environment. 7 Table of Contents While we devote resources to maintaining the security and integrity of our products and systems, as well as performing due diligence of our third-party service providers, security breaches that have not had a material effect on our business or that of our customers have occurred, and we will continue to face cybersecurity threats and exposure. A significant breach of the security and/or integrity of our products or systems, or those of our third-party service providers, whether intentional or by human error by our employees or others, could disrupt our business operations or those of our customers, could prevent our products from functioning properly, could enable access to our sensitive, proprietary or confidential information or that of our customers. This could require us to incur significant costs of investigation, remediation and/or payment of a ransom; harm our reputation; cause customers to stop buying our products; and cause us to face lawsuits and potential liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. We have a large ecosystem of strategic, technology, and software partners and system integrators that enable us to enhance our products and offerings, expand our market reach, and accelerate our customers digital transformation journeys. Failures by those partners or termination of those relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. We have many strategic, technology, and software partner and system integrator relationships with other companies that provide technologies and software that we embed in our solutions, that provide implementation services to our customers, that we work with to offer complementary solutions and services, and that market and sell our solutions. If these companies fail to perform as we expect, or if a company terminates or substantially alters the terms of the relationship, we could experience delays in product development, reduced or delayed sales, customer dissatisfaction, incur additional expenses, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially adversely affected. We increasingly rely on third-party providers of cloud infrastructure services to deliver our offerings to users on our platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of these services could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to use and access our cloud services or our website in order to download our software or encrypted access keys for our software within an acceptable amount of time. We use a number of third-party service providers that we do not control for key components of our infrastructure, particularly with respect to development and delivery of our cloud-based products. The use of these service providers gives us greater flexibility in efficiently delivering a more tailored, scalable customer experience, but also exposes us to additional risks and vulnerabilities. Third-party service providers operate their own platforms that we access, and we are, therefore, vulnerable to their service interruptions. We may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time as a result of problems with our third-party service providers infrastructure. Lack of availability of this infrastructure could be due to a number of potential causes including technical failures, natural disasters, fraud, and/or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent. Such outages could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If we are unable to renew our agreements with our cloud service providers on commercially reasonable terms, or any of our agreements are prematurely terminated, or we need to add new cloud services providers to increase capacity and uptime, we could experience interruptions, downtime, delays, and additional expenses related to transferring to and providing support for these new platforms. Any of the above circumstances or events may harm our reputation and brand, reduce the availability or usage of our platforms and impair our ability to attract new users, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 8 Table of Contents We may be unable to hire or retain employees with the necessary skills to operate and grow our business, which could adversely affect our ability to compete and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees to develop and sell our products and solutions and to operate and grow our business. Competition for such employees in our industry is intense worldwide. If we are unable to attract and retain employees with the requisite skills to develop and sell our products and solutions, or to guide, operate and support our business, we may be unable to compete successfully, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We depend on sales within the discrete manufacturing sector and our business could be adversely affected if manufacturing activity does not grow or if it contracts, or if manufacturers are adversely affected by other macroeconomic factors. A large amount of our sales are to customers in the discrete manufacturing sector. Manufacturers worldwide continue to face uncertainty about the global macroeconomic environment due to, among other factors, the effects of recently imposed import tariffs and threats of additional import tariffs, the effects of earlier and ongoing supply chain disruptions, high interest rates and inflation, volatile foreign exchange rates and the current relative strength of the U.S. Dollar, and the U.S. government s focus on technology transactions with non-U.S. entities. Customers may delay, reduce, or forego purchases of our solutions due to these challenges and concerns, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If we fail to successfully develop competitive SaaS solutions and to transform our operations to support the sale of SaaS solutions, our business and prospects could be adversely affected. Transforming our business to offer and support SaaS solutions requires considerable additional investment in our organization. Whether we will be successful and will accomplish our business and financial objectives is subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to: our ability to include functionality and usability in such offerings that address customer requirements, our ability to further develop and scale infrastructure, our ability and the ability of our partners to transition existing customer implementations to SaaS, customer demand, attach and renewal rates, channel adoption, and our costs. If we are unable to successfully establish these new offerings and navigate our business transition, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. Because our sales and operations are globally dispersed, we face additional compliance risks, and any compliance failure could adversely affect our business and prospects. We sell and deliver software and services and maintain support operations in many countries whose laws and practices differ from one another and are subject to unexpected changes. Managing these geographically dispersed operations requires significant attention and resources to ensure compliance with laws of those countries and those of the U.S. governing our activities in non-U.S. countries. Those laws include, but are not limited to, anti-corruption laws and regulations (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010), data privacy laws and regulations (including the European Union's General Data Privacy Regulation), and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations (including laws administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. State Department, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council and other sanctions authorities). Our compliance risks are heightened due to the go-to-market approach for our business that relies heavily on a partner ecosystem, the fact that some of the countries we operate in have a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices, the fact that we sell to governments and state-owned business enterprises, and the fact that global enforcement of laws has significantly increased. 9 Table of Contents Accordingly, while we strive to maintain a comprehensive compliance program, an employee, agent or business partner may violate our policies or U.S. or other applicable laws, as has occurred in the past, or we may inadvertently violate such laws. Investigations of alleged violations of those laws can be expensive and disruptive. Violations of such laws can lead to civil and/or criminal prosecutions, substantial fines and other sanctions, including the revocation of our rights to continue certain operations, and also cause business loss and reputational harm, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We and our customers are subject to an increasing number of laws and regulations enacted by multiple countries and jurisdictions that require new and extensive disclosures on sustainability topics, and, in some cases, remediation of adverse effects. This evolving regulatory environment will increase our compliance costs and expose us to risks associated with regulatory compliance. The regulatory landscape for sustainability disclosures continues to evolve and expand and impose greater disclosure obligations on us. These laws and regulations include the European Union s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ( CSRD ) and Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive ( CSDDD ), and California s Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and Climate-Related Financial Risk Disclosure Act. These frameworks require extensive disclosures related to sustainability risks and opportunities. Additionally, the CSDDD will require us to conduct due diligence to identify, prevent, mitigate, and account for actual and potential adverse impacts on human rights and the environment arising from our operations and those of our customers and suppliers, and to remediate such impacts. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires significant investment in resources, including the implementation of new reporting systems, enhanced data collection processes, and robust due diligence procedures. Many of our customers and potential customers are also subject to these laws and directives. As a result, those companies will be required to assess our sustainability efforts and impacts. If we are unable to satisfactorily address their requests for information or other sustainability-related requirements or expectations, customers may reduce or terminate their contracts with us and customers and potential customers may choose alternative software solutions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The regulatory landscape for sustainability disclosures and obligations continues to evolve and expand, and additional laws or regulatory requirements may impose further compliance burdens on us and further increase our compliance and operating costs. We are subject to increasing, evolving, and conflicting expectations and scrutiny with respect to our sustainability disclosures and initiatives. Failure to meet stakeholder expectations or actual or perceived inconsistencies or inaccuracies in our sustainability disclosures could result in reputational harm, regulatory investigations, or litigation. Expectations around environmental, social, governance and other sustainability matters continue to evolve rapidly, and stakeholders including investors, customers, employees, and regulators are increasingly focused on our sustainability disclosures and performance against targets. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to make progress on our stated sustainability targets or initiatives, or if our sustainability initiatives or disclosures are or are perceived to be inadequate, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful, our reputation could be harmed, and we could face regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, fines, penalties, and litigation, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Additionally, differing stakeholder views on sustainability priorities may create tension or conflict, which could adversely affect our reputation, employee morale, or investor relations. 10 Table of Contents Our use of artificial intelligence ( AI ) technology and the incorporation of AI technology into our products carries risks and challenges that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We are increasingly incorporating AI capabilities into many of our products to enable our customers to become more agile and productive. The integration of AI into our products presents risks and challenges, including that we may be unable to integrate AI technologies into our products when or as we expect, that our customers do not appreciate or realize the anticipated benefits of such technologies, that competitors may incorporate AI into their products more quickly or effectively, that our AI-based solutions could produce inaccurate results or have other unintended consequences, or that our AI-based solutions may expose us to lawsuits, regulatory investigations, or other proceedings, and subject us to legal liability as well as brand and reputational harm, all of which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We also use AI tools internally to make certain business processes more efficient. While these technologies offer significant benefits, they also create risks and challenges. Although we implement measures to address the accuracy and appropriate use of AI tools, including internal AI policies and training, these efforts may not always be successful. Inadvertent selection of AI tools that introduce bias, errors, or hallucinations, as well as any failure by our employees, contractors, or partners to adhere to our AI policies, or inappropriate use of AI, could result in violations of confidentiality obligations, laws, or regulations, jeopardize our intellectual property rights, or expose our products or business systems to defects and malware, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. II. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property We may be unable to adequately protect our proprietary rights, which could adversely affect our competitive position, business and prospects. Our software products are proprietary. We protect our intellectual property rights in these items by relying on copyrights, trademarks, patents, and common law safeguards, including trade secret protection, as well as restrictions on disclosures and transferability contained in our agreements with other parties. Despite these measures, the laws of all relevant jurisdictions may not afford adequate protection to our software products and other intellectual property. In addition, we frequently encounter attempts by individuals and companies to pirate our software. If our measures to protect our intellectual property rights fail, others may be able to use those rights, which could reduce our competitiveness and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. Any legal action to protect our intellectual property rights that we may bring or be engaged in could be expensive, divert management s attention from regular operations, and lead to additional claims against us, and we may not prevail, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. Many of our products and services incorporate or depend on open source software components, which are governed by various open source licenses. Some of these licenses may require, as a condition of use, modification, or distribution, that we make available the source code of our proprietary software or derivative works. While we maintain policies and procedures designed to monitor and control the use of open source software in our products and in any third-party software that is incorporated into our products, and ensure compliance with applicable licenses, these controls may not be effective in all cases. If we inadvertently use open source software in a manner that triggers such disclosure obligations, we could be required to publicly disclose portions of our proprietary code, which could result in a loss of competitive advantage and intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. 11 Table of Contents Intellectual property infringement claims could be asserted against us, which could be expensive to defend, could result in limitations on our use of the claimed intellectual property, and could adversely affect our business and prospects. The software industry is characterized by frequent litigation regarding copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights. We have faced such lawsuits from time to time. Any such claim could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. We cannot be sure that we would prevail against any such asserted claims. If we did not prevail, we could be prevented from using the claimed intellectual property or be required to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which might not be available on terms acceptable to us. In addition to possible claims with respect to our proprietary products, some of our products contain technology developed by and licensed from third parties and we may likewise be susceptible to infringement claims with respect to these third-party technologies. III. Risks Related to Acquisitions and Divestitures Businesses we acquire may not generate the sales and earnings we anticipate and may otherwise adversely affect our business and prospects. We have acquired, and intend to continue to acquire, new businesses and technologies. If we fail to successfully integrate and manage the businesses and technologies we acquire, if an acquisition does not further our business strategy or return a level of sales as we expect, or if a business we acquire has unexpected legal or financial liabilities, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. The types of issues that we may face in integrating and operating the acquired business include: difficulties managing an acquired company s technologies or lines of business or entering new markets where we have limited or no prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; unanticipated operating difficulties in connection with the acquired entities, including potential declines in sales of the acquired entity; complications relating to the assumption of pre-existing contractual relationships of an acquired company that we would not have otherwise entered into, the termination or modification of which may be costly or disruptive to our business; litigation arising from the transaction, including potential intellectual property claims or disputes following an acquisition; diversion of management and employee attention; challenges with implementing adequate and appropriate controls, procedures and policies in an acquired business; potential loss of key personnel in connection with an acquisition; and potential incompatibility of business cultures. Further, if we do not achieve the expected return on our investments, it could impair the intangible assets and goodwill that we recorded as part of an acquisition, which could require us to record a reduction in the value of those assets. 12 Table of Contents Divestitures of businesses or assets may not achieve the intended strategic or financial benefits and may otherwise adversely affect our business and prospects. We have divested, and may in the future divest, businesses, product lines, or other assets as part of our ongoing business strategy. If we fail to successfully execute and manage these divestitures, if a divestiture does not yield the anticipated financial or operational benefits, or if the businesses or assets we divest have unexpected legal, financial, or operational liabilities, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. The types of issues that we may face in connection with divestitures include: difficulties separating the operations, technologies, or personnel of the business to be divested from our ongoing operations; disruption to our remaining business, including loss of revenue or customers associated with the divested business or asset; unanticipated costs or liabilities, including indemnification obligations, retained liabilities, or disputes with purchasers; diversion of management and employee attention from ongoing operations; challenges in reallocating resources and personnel following the divestiture; potential loss of key personnel who may leave as a result of the transaction; adverse impacts on our relationships with customers, partners, or suppliers; potential incompatibility of business cultures or systems during transition; and litigation arising from the transaction, including disputes over purchase price adjustments, indemnities, or other contractual terms. Further, if investors or analysts do not like or understand the divestiture or if they believe we did not receive a fair price for the business or assets, they may sell their shares or alter their view of our prospects, which could cause our share price to decline. We may incur significant debt or issue a material amount of debt or equity securities to finance an acquisition, which could adversely affect our operating flexibility, business and prospects. If we were to incur a significant amount of debt whether by borrowing funds under our credit facility or otherwise or issuing new debt securities to finance an acquisition, our interest expense, debt service requirements and leverage would increase significantly. The increases in these expenses and in our leverage could constrain our ability to operate as we might otherwise or to borrow additional amounts and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If we were to issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with an acquisition, existing shareholders would be diluted and our stock price could decline. 13 Table of Contents IV. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, as well as our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of November 21, 2025, our total debt outstanding was approximately $1,270 million, $500 million of which was associated with the 4.000% senior notes issued in February 2020, which mature in February 2028 and are unsecured ("2028 Notes"); $301 million of which was borrowed under our credit facility revolving line, which matures in January 2028; and $469 million of which was borrowed under our credit facility term loan (which began amortizing in March 2024). All amounts outstanding under the credit facility and the 2028 Notes will be due and payable in full on their respective maturity dates. As of November 21, 2025, we had unused commitments under our credit facility of approximately $949 million. PTC Inc. and one of our foreign subsidiaries are eligible borrowers under the credit facility and certain other foreign subsidiaries may become borrowers under our credit facility in the future, subject to certain conditions. Specifically, our level of debt could: make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations and other ongoing business obligations, which may result in defaults; result in an event of default if we fail to comply with the financial and other covenants contained in the agreements governing our debt instruments, which could result in all of our debt becoming immediately due and payable or require us to negotiate an amendment to financial or other covenants that could cause us to incur additional fees and expenses; limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements; reduce the availability of our cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes and limit our ability to obtain additional financing for these purposes; increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; amplify the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our credit facility, are at variable rates of interest; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, and increasing our vulnerability to, changes in our business, the industries in which we operate, and the overall economy; and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors. Any of the above-listed factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, and our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt agreements. 14 Table of Contents Despite our current level of indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries might incur substantially more debt and other obligations. This could further exacerbate the risks to our business, financial condition, and prospects described above. We and our subsidiaries might incur significant additional indebtedness and other obligations in the future, including secured debt. Although the credit agreement governing our credit facility contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions. The additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. In addition, the credit agreement and the indenture governing our senior notes due 2028, will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, or we incur other obligations, the related risks that we now face could increase. We may not be able to generate enough cash to service all our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful, and could harm our business and prospects. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our debt agreements restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our ability to satisfy our debt obligations. If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default and the lenders under our credit facility could terminate their commitments to loan money, the lenders could foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings, the holders of our 2028 Notes could declare all outstanding principal, premium, if any, and interest to be due and payable, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. These events could result in a loss of your investment. 15 Table of Contents We are required to comply with certain financial and operating covenants under our debt agreements. Any failure to comply with those covenants could cause amounts borrowed to become immediately due and payable and/or prevent us from borrowing under the credit facility. We are required to comply with specified financial and operating covenants under our debt agreements and to make payments under our debt, which limit our ability to operate our business as we otherwise might operate it. Our failure to comply with any of these covenants or to meet any debt payment obligations could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would result in any amounts outstanding, including any accrued interest and/or unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable. We might not have enough working capital or liquidity to satisfy any repayment obligations if those obligations were accelerated. In addition, if we are not in compliance with the financial and operating covenants under the credit facility when we wish to borrow funds, we will be unable to borrow funds to pursue certain corporate initiatives, including strategic acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. V. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Our stock price has been volatile, which may make it harder to resell shares at a favorable time and price. Market prices for securities of software companies are generally volatile and are subject to significant fluctuations that may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Accordingly, the trading prices and valuations of software companies stocks, and of ours, may not be predictable. Negative changes in the public s perception of the prospects of software companies, or of PTC or the markets we serve, could depress our stock price regardless of our operating results. Also, a large percentage of our common stock is held by institutional investors. Purchases and sales of our common stock by these investors could have a significant impact on the market price of our stock. If our results of operations do not meet market or analysts expectations, our stock price could decline. Our quarterly operating results fluctuate depending on many factors, including the effect of ASC 606 on revenue recognition for the on-premises software subscriptions we offer, variability in the timing of start dates for our subscription offerings, length of contracts, and renewals, and significant unexpected expenses in a quarter. Accordingly, our quarterly results are difficult to predict and we may be unable to confirm or adjust expectations with respect to our operating results for a quarter until that quarter has closed. If our quarterly operating results do not meet market or analysts expectations, our stock price could decline. VI. General Risk Factors Our international businesses present economic and operating risks, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. We expect that our international operations will continue to expand and to account for a significant portion of our total revenue. Because we transact business in various foreign currencies, the volatility of foreign exchange rates has had and may in the future have a material adverse effect on our revenue, expenses, cash flows and operating results. Other risks inherent in our international operations include, but are not limited to, the following: difficulties in staffing and managing foreign sales and development operations; exposure of our operations and employees to political instability and armed conflict in the countries and regions in which we operate, including Israel; increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 16 Table of Contents increased regulatory and compliance risks; inadequate local infrastructure; and greater difficulty in protecting our intellectual property. We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities and our effective tax rate may increase or fluctuate, which could increase our income tax expense, reduce our net income, and increase our tax payment obligations. As a multinational organization, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes in the U.S. and in various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision and other tax liabilities. In the ordinary course of a global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our tax returns are subject to review by various taxing authorities. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes could be different from what is reflected in our reported income tax provisions and accruals. Our effective tax rate and tax payment obligations can be adversely affected by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: changes in tax laws regulations, and interpretations in multiple jurisdictions in which we operate; assessments, and any related tax interest or penalties, by taxing authorities; changes in the relative proportions of revenues and income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; changes to the financial accounting rules for income taxes; unanticipated changes in tax rates; and changes to a valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets, if any. 