=== PTC_2025-11-21.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere throughout this Annual Report. Such factors, among others, could have a material adverse effect upon our business, results of operations and financial condition. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which only speak as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to a year reflect our fiscal year that ends on September 30. Website References References to our PTC.com website in this Annual Report and to our 2025 Impact Report, expected to be published in December 2025, are provided for convenience. The content on PTC.com and in our 2025 Impact Report is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. PART I ITEM 1. Bu siness Our Business PTC is a global software company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. We employ over 7,000 people and support more than 30,000 customers globally. We primarily serve customers in the following industry verticals: Industrials Federal, Aerospace and Defense Electronics and High Tech Automotive Medical Technology and Life Sciences 1 Table of Contents Our customers are focused on improving their competitiveness in the face of global competition and increasing product complexity, and our suite of software offerings is a strategic enabler of this and their digital transformation initiatives. Given the breadth and openness of our portfolio, we enable the Intelligent Product Lifecycle: establishing a strong product data foundation in the engineering department and democratizing the access and use of that data across the enterprise to drive cross-functional collaboration, accelerate new product introduction timelines, and deliver higher product quality. By embracing the Intelligent Product Lifecycle, our customers establish the quality, consistency, and traceability of product data, ensuring the data is up-to-date, accessible, reliable, and actionable. Our customers can then go on to use this data to break down silos, streamline workflows, and achieve interoperability across departments, functions, and systems. This includes the growing emphasis on AI-driven transformation across our customers teams, operations, and processes. A product data foundation is the backbone of AI-driven transformation. Our business is based on a subscription model and 95% of our 2025 revenue is recurring in nature. Compared to a perpetual license model, our subscription model naturally drives higher customer engagement and retention and provides better business predictability. This, in turn, enables us to make steady and sustained investments to support our customers and pursue mid-to-long-term growth opportunities. Our Principal Products and Services PLM software products for product data management and process orchestration Our Windchill PLM application suite manages all aspects of the product development lifecycle from concept through service and end-of-life. Windchill provides real-time information sharing, dynamic data visualization, and the ability to collaborate across geographically distributed teams, enabling manufacturers to elevate their product development, manufacturing, field service, and end-of-life processes. Our Codebeamer and pure::variants TM application lifecycle management (ALM) solutions enable companies to accelerate the development of products that contain software, including software-defined products that require multiple software variants to be created and updated over the life of the product. Our ServiceMax service lifecycle management (SLM) solution enables companies to improve asset uptime with optimized in-person and remote service, boost technician productivity with the latest mobile tools, and deliver metrics for confident decision making. Our Servigistics service parts management solution enables companies to effectively manage their service parts inventory, enabling them to optimize equipment availability and uptime, and increase customer satisfaction. Our Arena Software as a Service (SaaS) PLM solution enables product teams to collaborate virtually anytime and anywhere, making it easier to share the latest product and quality information with internal teams and supply chain partners and deliver innovative products to customers faster. Our Arena quality management system software connects quality and product designs into a single system to simplify regulatory compliance. CAD software products for product data authoring Our Creo 3D CAD technology enables the digital design, testing, and modification of product models. With its design simulation, additive manufacturing, and generative design innovations, we enable our customers to be first to market with differentiated products. From initial concept to design, simulation, and analysis, Creo provides designers with innovative tools to efficiently create better products, faster. 2 Table of Contents Our Onshape SaaS product development platform unites computer-aided design with data management, collaboration tools, and real-time analytics. A cloud-native multi-tenant solution that can be instantly deployed on virtually any computer or mobile device, Onshape enables teams to work together from just about anywhere. Real-time design reviews, commenting, and simultaneous editing enable a collaborative workflow where multiple design iterations can be completed in parallel and merged into the final design. Our Markets and How We Address Them We aim to create value for our customers, increase our Annual Run Rate (ARR) and cash flow, and deliver long-term value for shareholders. We focus our resources and attention on the solutions described above, where we believe we can create the greatest customer value. Our growth is primarily driven by existing customers that continue to upgrade and expand their PTC footprint, multi-product adoption by customers, our commercial optimization initiatives, and new customers. Approximately 75% of our sales are from products and services sold directly by our sales force to end-user customers. The rest of our sales of products and services are through third-party resellers. In general, our sales force focuses on large accounts, while our reseller channel provides a cost-effective means of covering the small- and medium-size business markets. Our strategic reseller and software partners enable us to increase our market reach, offer broader solutions, and add compelling technology to our offerings. Our strategic services partners provide service offerings to help customers implement our product offerings and transition to SaaS. Additional financial information about our international and domestic operations may be found in Note 3. Revenue from Contracts with Customers of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Competition We compete with a number of companies whose offerings address one or more specific functional areas covered by our solutions. For enterprise CAD and PLM solutions, we compete with large established companies including Autodesk, Dassault Syst mes SA, and Siemens AG. For our ALM products, we compete with IBM, Jama Software, Inc. and Siemens AG. For our SLM products, we compete with enterprise software companies such as Oracle, SAP, IFS AB, Microsoft, and Salesforce, and with companies that offer point solutions. Proprietary Rights Our software products and related technical know-how, along with our trademarks, including our company names, product names and logos, are proprietary. We protect our intellectual property rights in these items by relying on copyrights, trademarks, patents and common law safeguards, including trade secret protection. The nature and extent of such legal protection depends in part on the type of intellectual property right and the relevant jurisdiction. In the U.S., we are generally able to maintain our trademark registrations for as long as the trademarks are in use and to maintain our patents for up to 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. We also use license management and other anti-piracy technology measures, as well as contractual restrictions, to curtail the unauthorized use and distribution of our products. Our proprietary rights are subject to the risks and uncertainties described under Item 1A. Risk Factors, II. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property below, which is incorporated into this section by reference. 3 Table of Contents Environmental Sustainability At PTC, we re working to contribute to the decarbonization and circularity of global manufacturing. While we have a climate action plan committed to reducing our company s footprint, we believe far larger benefits will flow from our handprint stemming from our software offerings, which enable manufacturers to design, build, and service their products more sustainably. Footprint Our emission reduction plan is validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Our near-term commitment is to reduce by 2030 combined Scope 1 (direct emissions from owned/controlled operations) and Scope 2 (indirect energy use) emissions by 50% and reduce Scope 3 - Category 1 (Purchased Goods and Services) by 25% compared to our 2022 baseline. Our long-term net-zero commitment is to reach net-zero across all scope emissions by 2050, with absolute reductions of over 90% across Scopes 1-3, with accredited carbon removal offsets for the remaining 10% (or less) as needed. We have already begun to implement programs and pursue initiatives to reduce our emissions and carbon footprint, including: entering into a Virtual Power Purchase Agreement (VPPA); prioritizing energy efficiency and accessibility to public transportation when selecting office space; and providing a subsidy for employees' public transportation commute costs. Handprint Environmental sustainability is integral to our product offerings. With our software, manufacturers can support their sustainability and compliance initiatives, including by designing with less material, enhancing product repairability and circularity, improving factory efficiency, and enabling remote service. In preparation for our sustainability reporting obligations, we conducted an enterprise-wide double materiality assessment to assess our sustainability risks and opportunities. As part of our assessment, we identified financially material opportunities related to consumer demand for software solutions that enable the mitigation of climate change and support the transition to a circular economy. While these opportunities cannot yet be quantified to a reasonable degree of certainty, additional qualitative information about these opportunities can be found in our 2025 Impact Report, which we expect to release in December 2025 in compliance with California s Climate-Related Financial Risk Act. 4 Table of Contents People and Culture Within our work environment, we seek to create an inclusive culture in which all employees can thrive. This is a key aspect of our talent strategy. Our approach is focused on promoting an agile culture, an increased sense of belonging, engaged work environments, and high-performing teams. PTC at-a-Glance As of September 30, 2025, PTC had 7,642 full-time employees. Our employee population is geographically diverse and serves a geographically diverse customer and partner network. 5 Table of Contents Compensation and Benefits PTC provides a comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits package designed to attract, retain, motivate, and engage talent around the world, including base salaries, and, for eligible roles, incentive and equity compensation. Employees also have the opportunity to purchase PTC stock at a discount through our Employee Stock Purchase Plan in eligible jurisdictions. Our benefit offerings are designed to meet the needs of our employees and their families around the world. Specific offerings differ country by country due to cultural norms, market dynamics, and legal requirements, but we provide a wide variety of core health and financial programs such as healthcare, life and disability insurance, employee assistance plans, retirement savings and pension benefit plans, and generous paid family leave and vacation time. Talent Development Employee Engagement As we focus on enhancing the employee experience, we are increasing our efforts to invest in our people and create meaningful opportunities to learn, grow, develop, and advance their careers. We have development programs and coaching programs, as well as numerous other self-led learning paths. The variety of options means that employees have the ability to focus on the development path most meaningful to them. Our Culture We are committed to building a strong and inclusive workforce. We review and revise our practices and processes based on feedback and engagement scores from employee pulse surveys. We also integrate inclusive and thoughtful practices into the planning and execution of how we attract, select, develop, and retain talent. Additional Information About Our Employee Initiatives You can find more information about our employee initiatives in our 2025 Impact Report, which we expect to release in December 2025. Available Information We make available free of charge on our website at www.ptc.com the following reports as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing them with, or furnishing them to, the SEC: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; our Current Reports on Form 8-K; and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Proxy Statements for our Annual Meetings and Section 16 trading reports on SEC Forms 3, 4 and 5 also are available on our website. Corporate Information PTC was incorporated in Massachusetts in 1985 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. 6 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. Ri sk Factors The following are important factors we have identified that could affect an investment in our securities. You should consider them carefully when evaluating an investment in PTC securities, because these factors could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or any forward-looking statements. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. I. Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Industry We face significant competition, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects if we are unable to successfully compete. The markets for our products and solutions are rapidly changing and characterized by intense competition, disruptive technology developments, evolving distribution models and increasingly lower barriers to entry. If we are unable to provide products and solutions that address customers needs as well as our competitors products and solutions do, or to align our pricing, licensing and delivery models with customer preferences, we could lose customers and/or fail to attract new customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. For example, customer demand for SaaS solutions is increasing. While our Arena, ServiceMax, and Onshape solutions are cloud-native SaaS solutions, and we have introduced our Windchill+ and Creo+ SaaS solutions, customers may not adopt them as we expect. If we are unable to compete successfully with competitors offering SaaS solutions, we could lose customers and/or fail to attract new customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. Our current and potential competitors range from large and well-established companies to emerging start-ups. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have greater name recognition in the markets we serve and more financial, technical, sales and marketing, and other resources, which could limit our ability to gain customer recognition and confidence in our products and solutions and successfully sell our products and solutions, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. A breach of security in our products or computer systems, or those of our third-party service providers, could compromise the integrity of our products, cause loss of data, harm our reputation, create additional liability and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. We have implemented and continue to implement measures intended to maintain the security and integrity of our products, source code and IT systems. The potential for a security breach or system disruption has significantly increased over time as the scope, number, intensity and sophistication of attempted cyberattacks and cyber intrusions have increased particularly cyberattacks and intrusions designed to access and exfiltrate information and to disrupt and lock up access to systems for the purpose of demanding a ransom payment. It is impossible for us to eliminate the risk of a successful cyberattack or intrusion, and, in fact, we regularly deal with security issues and have experienced security incidents from time to time. Accordingly, there is a risk that a cyberattack or intrusion will be successful and that such event will be material. In addition, we offer cloud services to our customers and some of our products, including our SaaS products, are hosted by third-party service providers, which expose us to additional risks as those repositories of our customers proprietary data may be targeted and a cyberattack or intrusion may be successful and material. Interception of data transmission, misappropriation or modification of data, corruption of data and attacks against our service providers may adversely affect our products or product and service delivery. Malicious code, viruses or vulnerabilities that are undetected by us or our service providers may disrupt our business operations generally and may have a disproportionate effect on our products that are developed and delivered in the cloud environment. 7 Table of Contents While we devote resources to maintaining the security and integrity of our products and systems, as well as performing due diligence of our third-party service providers, security breaches that have not had a material effect on our business or that of our customers have occurred, and we will continue to face cybersecurity threats and exposure. A significant breach of the security and/or integrity of our products or systems, or those of our third-party service providers, whether intentional or by human error by our employees or others, could disrupt our business operations or those of our customers, could prevent our products from functioning properly, could enable access to our sensitive, proprietary or confidential information or that of our customers. This could require us to incur significant costs of investigation, remediation and/or payment of a ransom; harm our reputation; cause customers to stop buying our products; and cause us to face lawsuits and potential liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. We have a large ecosystem of strategic, technology, and software partners and system integrators that enable us to enhance our products and offerings, expand our market reach, and accelerate our customers digital transformation journeys. Failures by those partners or termination of those relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. We have many strategic, technology, and software partner and system integrator relationships with other companies that provide technologies and software that we embed in our solutions, that provide implementation services to our customers, that we work with to offer complementary solutions and services, and that market and sell our solutions. If these companies fail to perform as we expect, or if a company terminates or substantially alters the terms of the relationship, we could experience delays in product development, reduced or delayed sales, customer dissatisfaction, incur additional expenses, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially adversely affected. We increasingly rely on third-party providers of cloud infrastructure services to deliver our offerings to users on our platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of these services could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to use and access our cloud services or our website in order to download our software or encrypted access keys for our software within an acceptable amount of time. We use a number of third-party service providers that we do not control for key components of our infrastructure, particularly with respect to development and delivery of our cloud-based products. The use of these service providers gives us greater flexibility in efficiently delivering a more tailored, scalable customer experience, but also exposes us to additional risks and vulnerabilities. Third-party service providers operate their own platforms that we access, and we are, therefore, vulnerable to their service interruptions. We may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time as a result of problems with our third-party service providers infrastructure. Lack of availability of this infrastructure could be due to a number of potential causes including technical failures, natural disasters, fraud, and/or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent. Such outages could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If we are unable to renew our agreements with our cloud service providers on commercially reasonable terms, or any of our agreements are prematurely terminated, or we need to add new cloud services providers to increase capacity and uptime, we could experience interruptions, downtime, delays, and additional expenses related to transferring to and providing support for these new platforms. Any of the above circumstances or events may harm our reputation and brand, reduce the availability or usage of our platforms and impair our ability to attract new users, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 8 Table of Contents We may be unable to hire or retain employees with the necessary skills to operate and grow our business, which could adversely affect our ability to compete and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees to develop and sell our products and solutions and to operate and grow our business. Competition for such employees in our industry is intense worldwide. If we are unable to attract and retain employees with the requisite skills to develop and sell our products and solutions, or to guide, operate and support our business, we may be unable to compete successfully, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We depend on sales within the discrete manufacturing sector and our business could be adversely affected if manufacturing activity does not grow or if it contracts, or if manufacturers are adversely affected by other macroeconomic factors. A large amount of our sales are to customers in the discrete manufacturing sector. Manufacturers worldwide continue to face uncertainty about the global macroeconomic environment due to, among other factors, the effects of recently imposed import tariffs and threats of additional import tariffs, the effects of earlier and ongoing supply chain disruptions, high interest rates and inflation, volatile foreign exchange rates and the current relative strength of the U.S. Dollar, and the U.S. government s focus on technology transactions with non-U.S. entities. Customers may delay, reduce, or forego purchases of our solutions due to these challenges and concerns, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If we fail to successfully develop competitive SaaS solutions and to transform our operations to support the sale of SaaS solutions, our business and prospects could be adversely affected. Transforming our business to offer and support SaaS solutions requires considerable additional investment in our organization. Whether we will be successful and will accomplish our business and financial objectives is subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to: our ability to include functionality and usability in such offerings that address customer requirements, our ability to further develop and scale infrastructure, our ability and the ability of our partners to transition existing customer implementations to SaaS, customer demand, attach and renewal rates, channel adoption, and our costs. If we are unable to successfully establish these new offerings and navigate our business transition, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. Because our sales and operations are globally dispersed, we face additional compliance risks, and any compliance failure could adversely affect our business and prospects. We sell and deliver software and services and maintain support operations in many countries whose laws and practices differ from one another and are subject to unexpected changes. Managing these geographically dispersed operations requires significant attention and resources to ensure compliance with laws of those countries and those of the U.S. governing our activities in non-U.S. countries. Those laws include, but are not limited to, anti-corruption laws and regulations (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010), data privacy laws and regulations (including the European Union's General Data Privacy Regulation), and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations (including laws administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. State Department, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council and other sanctions authorities). Our compliance risks are heightened due to the go-to-market approach for our business that relies heavily on a partner ecosystem, the fact that some of the countries we operate in have a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices, the fact that we sell to governments and state-owned business enterprises, and the fact that global enforcement of laws has significantly increased. 9 Table of Contents Accordingly, while we strive to maintain a comprehensive compliance program, an employee, agent or business partner may violate our policies or U.S. or other applicable laws, as has occurred in the past, or we may inadvertently violate such laws. Investigations of alleged violations of those laws can be expensive and disruptive. Violations of such laws can lead to civil and/or criminal prosecutions, substantial fines and other sanctions, including the revocation of our rights to continue certain operations, and also cause business loss and reputational harm, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We and our customers are subject to an increasing number of laws and regulations enacted by multiple countries and jurisdictions that require new and extensive disclosures on sustainability topics, and, in some cases, remediation of adverse effects. This evolving regulatory environment will increase our compliance costs and expose us to risks associated with regulatory compliance. The regulatory landscape for sustainability disclosures continues to evolve and expand and impose greater disclosure obligations on us. These laws and regulations include the European Union s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ( CSRD ) and Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive ( CSDDD ), and California s Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and Climate-Related Financial Risk Disclosure Act. These frameworks require extensive disclosures related to sustainability risks and opportunities. Additionally, the CSDDD will require us to conduct due diligence to identify, prevent, mitigate, and account for actual and potential adverse impacts on human rights and the environment arising from our operations and those of our customers and suppliers, and to remediate such impacts. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires significant investment in resources, including the implementation of new reporting systems, enhanced data collection processes, and robust due diligence procedures. Many of our customers and potential customers are also subject to these laws and directives. As a result, those companies will be required to assess our sustainability efforts and impacts. If we are unable to satisfactorily address their requests for information or other sustainability-related requirements or expectations, customers may reduce or terminate their contracts with us and customers and potential customers may choose alternative software solutions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The re