=== AMP_2026-03-20.htm.gz ===
Ameriprise Financial Inc. 0000820027 DEF 14A false 0000820027 2025-12-31 0000820027 2023-12-31 0000820027 2022-12-31 0000820027 2021-12-31 0000820027 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000820027 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000820027 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000820027 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000820027 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000820027 2024-12-31 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Ameriprise Financial Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Table of Contents Message from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders: We invite you to join us for the Ameriprise Financial Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be held virtually on Wednesday, April 29, 2026, at 11:00 a.m. Central time via a live webcast. Details on how to access the virtual meeting are on the following page. At the meeting, we will provide an update on our business and review our results in 2025 a year that marked the 20th anniversary of Ameriprise becoming an independent, publicly traded company, building upon our more than 130-year legacy. Ameriprise stands tall as a global financial services leader: we re focused on serving clients exceptionally well, reinforcing our strong reputation in the marketplace and generating long-term shareholder value. This proxy statement provides detailed information about our business strategy and performance, corporate governance practices, shareholder engagement and executive compensation. We encourage you to review the proxy materials and vote online, by phone or by mail. You will also have the opportunity to vote during the meeting. On behalf of my fellow directors and everyone at Ameriprise, thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, James M. Cracchiolo Chairman and CEO Please join us for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders April 29, 2026 Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Date Time Wednesday, April 29, 2026 11:00 a.m. Central time Location www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/amp2026 Record Date March 2, 2026 Voting Matters At or before the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders ( Annual Meeting ), we ask that you vote on the following items: Proposal Board Recommendation Page Reference Item 1 Election of eight director nominees named in the proxy statement Vote FOR each director nominee 13 Item 2 Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 Vote FOR 40 Item 3 Approval of the compensation of the named executive officers by a nonbinding advisory vote Vote FOR 42 In addition, we will transact any other business that may properly come before the meeting. How to vote By Internet. Go to the website at www.proxyvote.com , 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will need the control number that appears on your proxy card or on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. By Telephone. Call 1-800-690-6903, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will need the control number that appears on your proxy card. By Mail. If you received a full set of printed materials, sign and date your proxy card exactly as your name appears, and return it in the postage-paid envelope provided. If you received a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, you may request a proxy card by following the instructions in your Notice. You do not need to mail the proxy card if you vote online or by telephone. During the Meeting. Go to virtualshareholdermeeting.com/amp2026. You will need the control number that appears on your proxy card or on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. Beginning on March 20, 2026, we will mail or otherwise make available to each of our shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, which contains instructions on how to access our proxy materials and vote online. If you attend the Annual Meeting virtually, you may withdraw your proxy and vote online during the Annual Meeting, if you so choose. Your vote is important, and we encourage you to vote promptly, whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. By order of the Board of Directors, Wendy B. Mahling Senior Vice President Corporate Secretary March 20, 2026 Your vote is important. We are providing these proxy materials to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and for any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. In this proxy statement, we may also refer to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. as Ameriprise Financial, Ameriprise, the Company, we, our or us. Table of Contents Table of Contents Proxy Summary 6 Corporate Governance 13 Item 1 Election of the Eight Director Nominees 13 Nominees for Director 14 Director Experience and Qualifications 18 Board Leadership Structure 20 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 21 Board s Role in Strategic Planning 23 Committees of the Board 23 Year-Round Review of Board Composition and Succession 26 Shareholder Engagement 27 Communicating with Directors 28 Board Practices 29 Corporate Governance Documents and Policies 31 Co mpe nsation of Directors 32 Compensation Philosophy for Outside Directors 32 2025 Annual Compensation for Outside Directors 33 Compensation Paid to Outside Directors in 2025 35 Deferred Share Units Issued to Outside Directors in 2025 35 Ownership of our Common Shares 37 Report of the Audit and Risk Committee 39 Item 2 Ratification of the Appointment of Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 40 Item 3 To Approve the Compensation of the Named Executive Officers by a Nonbinding Advisory Vote 42 Report of the Compensation and Benefits Committee 43 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 44 Executive Summary 44 Our Compensation Philosophy, Program and Approach 45 Annual Incentive Award 48 2025 Financial Performance Assessment 49 Business and Strategic Performance Assessment 50 2025 NEO Compensation and Performance Summary 53 PSU Program 57 Compensation Policies and Practices 58 Supplemental Total Direct Compensation Table 61 Compensation Tables 62 Summary Compensation Table 62 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 64 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2025 65 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2025 66 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation for 2025 67 Pension Benefits in 2025 68 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control for Named Executive Officers 69 CEO Pay Ratio 76 Pay Versus Performance 77 Certain Transactions 80 Related Person Transaction Review Policy 80 Transactions 80 Information about the Annual Meeting and Voting 82 Appendix: GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations A- 1 Source and Disclosure Information A- 4 Forward-Looking Statements Certain of the statements included in this Proxy Statement constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are made based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon the Company. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. Certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements can be found in the Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements sections included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2025 ( 2025 Form 10-K ), and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Management undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements. Website references and their hyperlinks have been provided for convenience only. The content on any referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement, nor does it constitute a part of this Proxy Statement. Table of Contents Table of Contents Proxy Summary Delivered Record Financial Performance with Continued Strong Capital Management Drove profitable growth from the strength and leverage of our diversified business Generated significant free cash flow to reinvest in the business and deliver a differentiated capital return to shareholders Demonstrated balance sheet strength, effective risk management, expense discipline, and enhanced operational efficiency and effectiveness Benefited from our high-performing, client-focused culture and employee and advisor engagement 2025 Highlights 1 $18.2B Net Revenues (as adjusted) up 6% $3.9B Earnings (as adjusted) up 7% 26.9% Margin (as adjusted) up 40 bps $39.34 Earnings Per Diluted Share (as adjusted) up 12% 53.3% Return on Equity Excluding AOCI (as adjusted) up 60 bps $1.7T Assets Under Management, Administration and Advisement up 11% $3.4B Capital Returned to Shareholders up 20% 8% Growth in Quarterly Dividend 21 st Increase Since 2005 (1) Reflects adjusted operating results, excluding unlocking. This Proxy Statement contains certain non-GAAP financial measures that management believes best reflect the underlying performance of our operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure are on page A-1. Growth percentages compare 2025 to 2024 results. 6 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents A Proud Record Of Generating Shareholder Value as of September 30, 2005 that were still members as of December 31, 2025. Source: Bloomberg * Ranking calculated based on members of the S P 500 Financials Index as of September 30, 2005 that were still members as of December 31, 2025. Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 7 Table of Contents Client Focused and Recognized as an Industry Leader Please refer to pages A-4 and A-5 for source and disclosure information to learn more about the recognition we have received, including information about the methodology behind certain rankings noted on pages 8 and 9, as well as throughout the proxy statement. 8 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents High-Performing Culture of Caring for Employees, Advisors and our Communities Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 9 Table of Contents Experienced and Engaged Board of Directors Our directors are highly qualified and hold a broad range of diverse skills, backgrounds, experience and perspectives that we believe are integral to an effective and well-functioning board. Detailed information about each director nominee s qualifications, experience, skills and expertise along with select professional and community contributions can be found starting on page 14. Ameriprise Board Committees Director Name and Occupation Director Since Independent Other Current Public Company Directorships Audit and Risk Compensation and Benefits Nominating and Governance Executive James M. Cracchiolo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 2005 C Robert F. Sharpe, Jr. Independent Presiding Director; Former President of Commercial Foods and Chief Administrative Officer of ConAgra Foods, Inc. 2005 M M M Dianne Neal Blixt Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Reynolds American Inc. 2014 M 1 C M Amy DiGeso Former Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources of The Este Lauder Companies, Inc. 2014 M C M Christopher J. Williams Chairman of Siebert Williams Shank Co., LLC 2016 2 C 1 M M Glynis A. Bryan Former Chief Financial Officer of Insight Enterprises, Inc. 2025 3 M 1 Liane J. Pelletier Former Chairwoman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Alaska Communications Systems Group 2025 2 M 1 Brian T. Shea Former Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Investment Services of the Bank of New York Mellon 2019 2 M 1 M W. Edward Walter III Senior Advisor at Energy Impact Partners 2018 2 M 1 M C = Chair M = Member (1) Audit Committee Financial Expert within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules. Board Composition * Based on self-identified characteristics. 10 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Focused on Sound Governance Independent Oversight Core to Sound Governance Highly skilled Board that provides a range of diverse perspectives and insights 7 of 8 director nominees are independent Directors cannot be nominated for election after reaching the age of 75 Independent Presiding Director, elected annually by the independent directors Regular Board executive sessions of independent directors without management present Executive sessions at committee meetings led by independent committee chairs without management present Strategic succession planning resulting in regular Board and committee refreshment with a range of tenures Overboarding restrictions limit the number of public company boards that a director who is a public company executive may serve on to two and other directors to four Transparent Policies Support Shareholder Rights All directors are elected annually Majority voting with director resignation policy in uncontested elections Proxy access right No poison pill in effect No supermajority voting rights Annual say on pay vote Strong Governance Practices Drive Accountability Annual long-range planning meeting with management focused on Company strategy Annual Board and committee evaluation process Director education on matters relevant to the Company, its business plan and risk profile Robust risk management overseen by the Audit and Risk Committee Focus on workplace culture, including tone at the top, values and talent Director access to experts and advisors, both internal and external Board oversight of sustainability strategy and CSR reporting Statement of Principles Governing Corporate Political Spending and annual report of corporate political spending available at ir.ameriprise.com Clawback policies include recovery triggers for material misconduct in addition to financial restatements Strong succession planning for our Board, CEO and senior executives Robust stock ownership guidelines for directors (5x annual retainer) and executive management (10x base salary for CEO and 4x for other NEOs) Directors, officers and management employees are prohibited from hedging against a decline in the value of our stock Directors and executive officers are prohibited from pledging our stock Consistent Engagement Builds Trust and Transparency Maintain year-round dialogue with shareholders, which informs relevant Board actions In 2025, met with shareholders to discuss governance, compensation and other matters Investor input taken into account in compensation design and sustainability disclosures For additional information on our shareholder engagement program and certain actions the Company has taken based on shareholder feedback, see page 27 Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 11 Table of Contents Our Successful Executive Compensation Strategy and Approach Is Balanced, Thoughtful and Aligned with Stakeholders Interests * Mr. Davies is excluded from the above chart. Since Mr. Davies is located in the U.K., the terms and composition of his compensation reflect the requirements of local regulations, including the UCITS V Remuneration Code (SYSC 19E) and the MIFIDPRU Remuneration Code (SYSC 19G), both of which fall under the Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ). We have a thoughtful, disciplined approach to compensation that reflects our commitment to recognize and reward our executives experience and expertise in delivering consistently strong results for our stakeholders, including shareholders. Our compensation structure is appropriately focused on variable compensation where the majority of our executives pay is delivered in long-term incentives. Half of these long-term incentives are granted as performance share units, which are further deferred and payouts are contingent upon achieving 3-year adjusted return on equity, adjusted earnings per share and total shareholder return goals. Our 2025 Annual Compensation Reflects: Disciplined, quantitative and objective approach and framework Majority of incentive pay is delivered in long-term incentives Exemplary and essential leadership of Chairman and CEO Tenure, experience and consistency of Executive Leadership Team Track record of strong results for our stakeholders across multiple time periods Competitive results compared to peers with outstanding long-term performance Engaged leadership which is core to our culture of care where our employees can thrive and deliver outstanding results for stakeholders Record Ameriprise financial performance in 2025 Our shareholders have supported our compensation approach, recognizing the value in retaining and incenting our successful and long-tenured leadership team that has consistently delivered strong results for our stakeholders, including shareholders, since our spin-off in 2005. Performance-Based Pay Structure Aligned with Stakeholders Interests Ongoing shareholder engagement is a priority for our Board. In 2025, we met with shareholders to discuss governance, compensation and other matters. Shareholders expressed support of our Company s overall approach for our executive compensation program. Our 2025 say on pay vote received positive support from shareholders representing approximately 89% of the shares voted. See the Compensation and Discussion Analysis starting on page 44 . 12 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance This section highlights our corporate governance program and our Board of Directors. We provide details about these and other corporate governance policies and practices in other sections of the proxy statement and on our website on the Governance Overview page at ir.ameriprise.com. Information on the Company s website is not part of or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. Item 1 Election of the Eight Director Nominees Named Below The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the eight director nominees. Proxies will be voted FOR each director nominee unless otherwise specified. The Board believes a well-qualified mix of directors with a broad range of backgrounds and experience best positions the Board to govern effectively and achieve strong results. Our directors have a wealth of leadership experience derived from extensive service guiding large, complex organizations, and possess extensive and complementary qualifications, attributes and skills applicable to our business and long-term strategy. We currently have nine directors on our Board. W. Edward Walter III, who has served as a director since 2018, is not standing for re-election as a director upon the conclusion of his term at the Annual Meeting. The Board has set the size of the board at eight as of the time of the Annual Meeting, and eight nominees have been recommended by the Nominating and Governance Committee and nominated by the Board. The Board believes that the mix of qualifications and the breadth of experience, attributes and skills among the nominees enhances our Board s effectiveness and is aligned with the Company s long-term strategy. The Board believes that each of the nominees is qualified to serve as a director of Ameriprise and that the Board as a whole possesses the qualities and skills described in the section of the proxy statement captioned Director Experience and Qualifications, beginning on page 18 . All nominees have indicated they will serve if elected. We do not anticipate that any nominee will be unable or unwilling to stand for election, but if that happens, your proxy may be voted for another person nominated by the Board or the Board may reduce the number of directors to be elected. If elected at the Annual Meeting, the nominees will hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 13 Table of Contents Nominees for Director Director since: 2005 Age: 67 Committees: Executive (Chair) Other Current Company Directorships: None James M. Cracchiolo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Career Highlights Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ameriprise Financial since 2005, when the company, American Express Financial Advisors, completed its spin-off from the American Express Company Group president, American Express Global Financial Services (2000-2005) and held the following additional roles: CEO, president and chairman of American Express Financial Corporation; and chairman of American Express Bank Ltd. President and CEO of Travel Related Services International (1998-2000) President of Global Network Services (1997-1998) Senior vice president of Travel Related Services Quality, Global Reengineering (1993-1997) Executive vice president and chief financial officer of Shearson Lehman Brothers (then a unit of American Express) (1990-1993) Relevant Skills and Qualifications Global businesses with large scale operations Financial services industry experience Public company executive leadership Long-term strategic planning Executional and risk management expertise Large scale acquisitions Other Experience Member, Business Roundtable Former advisory board member, March of Dimes Former director, American Council of Life Insurers Former director, Financial Services Roundtable Education Master of Business Administration, New York University Bachelor of Arts, Accounting and Economics, New York University Financial Industry Regulatory Authority certifications (inactive) Certified Public Accountant designation in New York State (inactive) Director since: 2005 Age: 74 Committees: Compensation and Benefits Executive Nominating and Governance Other Current Company Directorships: New Frontier Foods, Inc., a private corporation Robert F. Sharpe, Jr. Independent Presiding Director Career Highlights Served as a senior advisor (2009-2010) and served in a variety of senior positions, including president of commercial foods (2005-2008) and chief administrative officer (2008-2009) of ConAgra Foods, Inc. Partner at the Brunswick Group LLC, an international financial public relations firm (2002-2005) Senior vice president public affairs, secretary and general counsel for PepsiCo, Inc. (1998-2002) Previously senior vice president and general counsel for RJR Nabisco, Inc. Relevant Skills and Qualifications Former general counsel of Fortune 500 company Financial, legal, regulatory and operational issues facing public companies Executive compensation programs Communications with our institutional shareholders Risk management, financial reporting and disclosure Corporate governance Other Experience Former director, Swedish Match AB (2011 2015) Education Juris Doctor, Wake Forest University Bachelor of Science, Purdue University Bachelor of Arts, DePauw University 14 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director since: 2014 Age: 66 Committees: Audit and Risk Compensation and Benefits (Chair) Executive Other Current Company Directorships: Scandinavian Tobacco Group (2016-present) Triad Business Bank (2020-present) Dianne Neal Blixt Career Highlights Executive vice president and chief financial officer of Reynolds American Inc. (2004-2007) Executive vice president and chief financial officer of R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Holdings, Inc. (2003-2004) Served in various roles of increasing responsibility with Reynolds American Inc. and its subsidiaries beginning in 1988 Relevant Skills and Qualifications Public company financial operations and controls Merger and acquisition activity Expense management Regulatory relations Communications to investors Other Experience Board member for Winston-Salem Police Foundation Trustee, Reynolda House Museum of American Art Former director, Lorillard, Inc. (2011-2015) Former director and former Chair, National Sports Media Association Former director, LandAmerica Financial Group, Inc. Former director, Metavante Technologies, Inc. Former director, Southern Community Bank and Trust Education Master of Business Administration and Bachelor of Science, University of North Carolina at Greensboro Director since: 2014 Age: 73 Committees: Compensation and Benefits Executive Nominating and Governance (Chair) Other Current Company Directorships: None Amy DiGeso Career Highlights Served as executive vice president, senior advisor (2013-2014), executive vice president, global human resources (2005-2013) and executive director of human resources at The Est e Lauder Companies, Inc. Previously Managing Partner, Human Capital, responsible for global human resources at PricewaterhouseCoopers Former president, Popular Club, Inc. a direct marketing and sales subsidiary of Macy s Inc. Former chief executive officer, Mary Kay Inc. Relevant Skills and Qualifications Extensive experience leading large scale direct selling businesses Strategic and operational planning in the consumer products and financial services industries Developed, implemented and led: complex human capital strategies for multinational companies succession planning, talent recruitment and development executive compensation programs executive leadership experience Other Experience Previously held positions at Bankers Trust Company, the American Express Company and Olivetti Corporation of America Education Master of Business Administration, Global Management, Fordham University Bachelor of Science, Pennsylvania State University Pennsylvania State University Alumni Fellow, highest recognition by the university Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 15 Table of Contents Director since: 2016 Age: 68 Committees: Audit and Risk (Chair) Executive Nominating and Governance Other Current Company Directorships: The Clorox Company (2015-present) Cox Enterprises, a private company Union Pacific Corporation (2019-present) Christopher J. Williams Career Highlights Chairman of Siebert Williams Shank Co., LLC, an investment banking and financial services company (2019-present) Previously served as chairman and chief executive officer of The Williams Capital Group, L.P. and Williams Capital Management, LLC, an investment banking and financial services firm, from the company s formation in 1994 until it merged with Siebert Cisneros Shank to form Siebert Williams Shank Co. in November 2019 Previously managed the derivatives and structured finance division of Jefferies Company Held several roles at Lehman Brothers, including managing groups in the corporate debt capital markets and derivatives structuring and trading Relevant Skills and Qualifications Extensive experience in investment banking and finance Perspective as board chair and chief executive officer Public and private company governance Business planning, finance, and long-term strategy Other Experience Former director, Caesar s Entertainment Corporation (2008-2019) Former director, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (2004-2014) Former chair, Tuck School of Business, Dartmouth College Board member, Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts Education Master of Business Administration, Tuck School of Business, Dartmouth College Bachelor of Architecture, Howard University Director since: 2025 Age: 67 Committees: Audit and Risk Other Current Company Directorships: Pinnacle West Capital Corporation (2020-present) Wesco International, Inc. (2023-present) Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (2025-present) Glynis A. Bryan Career Highlights Former chief financial officer of Insight Enterprises, Inc. (2007-2024) Executive vice president and chief financial officer of Swift Transportation, Co. (2005-2007) Chief financial officer at APL Logistics (2001-2005) Former senior vice president and chief financial officer of Ryder Transportation Services, the largest business unit of Ryder System Inc. Relevant Skills and Qualifications Chief financial officer for large multinational companies Public company financial operations and controls Public company board experience Business and strategic planning Risk management and digital transformation expertise Mergers and acquisitions Other Experience Former director, Pentair plc (2013-2023) Board Member, Boys and Girls Clubs of the Valley (2007-2024), served on audit and executive committees and as board chair (2020-2022) Education Master of Business Administration, Florida International University Bachelor of Arts, Psychology, York University 16 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director since: 2025 Age: 68 Committees: Audit and Risk Other Current Company Directorships: Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. (2013-present) Frontdoor, Inc. (2018-present) Liane J. Pelletier Career Highlights Former chairwoman, chief executive officer and president of Alaska Communications Systems Group (2003-2011) Senior executive roles, including senior vice president of corporate strategy and business development at Sprint Corporation (1986-2003) Held roles at Touche Ross and at Temple Barker Sloane Relevant Skills and Qualifications Executive leadership in telecommunications and technology sectors Public and private company board and committee experience Strategic planning and corporate development Board leadership experience Other Experience Former director, Switch, Inc. (2020-2022) Former director, ATN International, Inc. (2012-2023) Former director, The Nature Conservancy (2009-2015) Former director, Icicle Seafoods (2009-2015) Former director, Washington Federal (2011-2015) Education Master of Science in Management, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Sloan School of Management Bachelor of Arts, Economics, magna cum laude, Wellesley College Director since: 2019 Age: 65 Committees: Audit and Risk Nominating and Governance Other Current Company Directorships: The RBB Fund, Inc. and The RBB Fund Trust (fund complexes of 101 and 30 open-end investment co. portfolios, respectively) (2018-present) Barclays PLC (2024-present) Brian T. Shea Career Highlights Served as vice chairman and chief executive officer of investment services for BNY Mellon (2013-2017) Held executive roles at Pershing, LLC, a BNY Mellon company, including chairman, CEO, and president and COO (1983-2014) Relevant Skills and Qualifications More than 30 years financial services industry experience Mergers and acquisitions Executive leadership of technology and cybersecurity Global operations Banking, brokerage and investment industries Control functions and corporate governance Other Experience Former director Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (2018-2024) Former director, WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (2018-2019) Former board member of the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation, the Insured Retirement Institute and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Trustee emeritus, St. John s University in New York Board member, Catholic Charities of New York and Tomorrow s Hope Foundation Education Master of Business Administration, Finance, Pace University Bachelor of Science, Business Management, St. John s University Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 17 Table of Contents Director Experience and Qualifications Our Board regularly reviews its composition and size to evaluate its overall effectiveness and alignment with our long-term strategy. The Board believes that directors should have a variety of qualifications, skills and backgrounds, which collectively help the Board effectively oversee our activities and operations to best serve the Company and our shareholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee and Board believe that, at a minimum, directors must have demonstrated significant accomplishment, management and leadership ability in their fields, as well as sound business judgment, integrity, financial literacy and a reputational focus. Consistent with the goal of ensuring a comprehensive mix of skills and expertise are represented on the Board, below we outline the general skills mix and expertise represented by our director nominees: Director Experience Highlights Leadership and Strategy Experience leading complex business operations and developing and executing strategic plans allows for effective oversight of the Company s operations Public Company Public company governance and management experience provides insights to reputation, financial and risk management Human Capital Management Experience managing a large and/or global workforce brings understanding to the oversight of one of our key resources Risk Management Skills in identifying, assessing and managing risks are important to effectively oversee risk management and understand the most significant risks facing the Company Finance Possessing financial expertise and knowledge of the financial reporting and auditing processes aids in the oversight of reporting and internal controls Consumer Experience in understanding the needs and interests of consumers is relevant for evaluating new market opportunities Global Business strategy, operations and substantive experience in international matters provides insights to our global operations Industry Experience Experience in the financial services industry supports effective oversight of our operations and strategies Technology / Cybersecurity Understanding advancements in technology, cybersecurity and information systems/data management provides insight into opportunities and risks Legal and Regulatory Skills and experience with legal and regulatory requirements provides deep perspective on the highly regulated and complex legal frameworks applicable to our business The Nominating and Governance Committee and Board consider a number of factors when reviewing director candidates, including skills and expertise, work experience, including with global and highly regulated companies, and background, in seeking to develop a Board with a depth of broad experiences that help the Board effectively oversee our activities and operations to best serve the Company and our shareholders. The Board believes that maintaining and enhancing the Board s breadth of experiences are important considerations when considering director candidates. Director Tenure Our directors have an average tenure of approximately ten years and a median tenure of approximately nine years. Our Board believes it is appropriate to maintain a balance of longer tenured members who bring valuable Company-specific knowledge with a historical perspective and newer members who bring fresh viewpoints and new ideas. 18 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Board Independence Having an independent Board is a core element of our governance philosophy. The independent members of the Board annually appoint a Presiding Director to facilitate the Board s oversight of management, promote communication between management and our Board, engage with shareholders, and lead consideration of key governance matters. Key elements of our Board independence include: 7 of 8 director nominees are independent. We are committed to maintaining a majority of directors who are independent of the Company and management. Except for our Chairman and CEO, James Cracchiolo, all director nominees are independent. Independent Presiding Director. As described in the Board Leadership section, the independent presiding director has a clearly defined set of responsibilities, significant authority, and provides independent Board leadership. Executive sessions of independent directors. At each Board meeting, time is set aside for the independent directors to meet in executive session without management present. Additional executive sessions are held as needed. Committee independence. Only independent directors are members of the Audit and Risk, Compensation and Benefits, and Nominating and Governance committees. Members of the Audit and Risk Committee also meet the independence standards of Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and members of the Compensation and Benefits Committee meet the heightened standards for compensation committee independence under New York Stock Exchange rules and are considered non-employee directors under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. Each committee meets regularly in executive session. Independent compensation consultant. The compensation consultant retained by the Compensation and Benefits Committee is independent of the Company and management as required by the Compensation Consultant Independence Standards. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, no director qualifies as independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that he or she does not have a direct or indirect material relationship with the Company and otherwise meets the independence requirements set forth by the New York Stock Exchange rules. The Board has established categorical standards of director independence to assist it in making independence determinations, which are posted on our website on the Governance Overview page at ir.ameriprise.com. The categorical standards generally classify as not material : relationships with our Company arising in the ordinary course of business; relationships with companies of which a director is a shareholder or partnerships of which a director is a partner; contributions made or pledged to charitable organizations with which a director has a relationship; certain familial relationships; and certain social and other relationships. In making independence recommendations, the Nominating and Governance Committee considered relationships and transactions between the director and the Company as described in annual directors questionnaires and in materials provided by management. Director Age Limit Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a person who has reached the age of 75 shall not be nominated for election at the next annual shareholders meeting. Policy on Outside Board Commitments Our Board expects each of our directors to be able to commit sufficient time and attention to Company matters and to use their judgement and consider all of their commitments when accepting additional directorships. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that directors advise the Chairman of the Board and the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee in advance of accepting an invitation to serve on another public company board. The Nominating and Governance Committee will review the directors ability to fulfill their responsibilities as a director. As a general matter, directors should not serve on more than four public company boards (including the Company) and a director who is a public company executive should not serve on more than two public company boards (including the Company). In addition, it is the Board s policy that no member of the Board s Audit and Risk Committee may serve on the audit committees of more than three public companies, including the Company s Audit and Risk Committee. Our Chairman and CEO does not currently serve on any other public company boards, and none of our current directors serve on more than four public company boards (including our Board). Director Stock Ownership We believe that each director should have a substantial personal investment in the Company. A personal holding of Company shares or deferred share units ( DSUs ) having a market value of five times the amount of the current annual cash retainer upon attainment is recommended for each director. A decrease in the price of a share of our common stock after a director has attained the required ownership threshold will not negate the director s satisfaction of this requirement. Directors are expected to attain this ownership threshold within five years of joining the Board. All directors who have been on the board for five years are in compliance with our ownership threshold. We disclose the dollar value of each outside director s equity holdings as of March 2, 2026, on page 32. Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 19 Table of Contents Board Leadership Structure The Board s leadership structure is designed to promote Board effectiveness and to appropriately allocate authority and responsibility between the Board and management. The Nominating and Governance Committee and full Board review the Board leadership structure periodically. This review considers a variety of factors, including, among others, our governance practices, feedback received in connection with the Board evaluation, and the communication between the Board s independent directors and management. The Board believes that the current structure to have Mr. Cracchiolo serve as both Chairman and CEO is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. Mr. Cracchiolo has led the Company to consistently generate strong results since our spin-off 20 years ago, and his knowledge and experience in the industry, and ability to promote discussion and collegiality among the Board, creates a collaborative relationship between the Board and management. The Board also believes that the combination of these roles allows for clear and effective leadership to communicate the Company s business and long-term strategy to shareholders, clients and others. The Board maintains effective oversight through our strong independent board. Mr. Sharpe serves as the independent presiding director, and the Audit and Risk, Compensation and Benefits, and Nominating and Governance Committees are comprised solely of independent directors. The Board has adopted a number of procedures and policies designed to preserve the effectiveness of the independent directors and the transparency of Board operations. For example, each Board agenda includes an executive session of the independent directors, any director is free to suggest agenda items, to request additional time for an agenda topic, or to request information from management. The independent directors also have regular access to members of management other than the chief executive officer. The Board believes that the Company and its shareholders are best served by maintaining the flexibility to modify our leadership structure based on what is in the best interest of the Company at any given point in time, such as in the context of a succession planning process. The Board recognizes that the Company s and Board s circumstances may change in the future and that having a separate chairman and CEO is an option that the Board will consider carefully as circumstances change. Presiding Director The role of the Board s presiding director is an important part of the Board s leadership structure. Our independent presiding director has significant authority and responsibilities to provide for an effective and independent Board. Key Powers and Duties of Presiding Director Role Presides over executive sessions of non-management and independent directors Serves as principal liaison between the Board and the chairman and chief executive officer on sensitive issues Provides feedback and counsel concerning the chairman s interactions with the board Interviews each independent director separately as part of the annual Board performance evaluation process Presides at meetings of the Board of Directors in the event of the chairman s unavailability Serves as primary board contact for shareholder engagement Mr. Sharpe has served as our Presiding Director since 2013. Mr. Sharpe brings deep business and board leadership experience to his role as presiding director. He has served as chair of our Nominating and Governance Committee, and currently serves on our Compensation and Benefits, Nominating and Governance, and Executive Committees. Mr. Sharpe has developed strong and effective working relationships with his fellow directors and has demonstrated independent thinking and a deep understanding of our business. The Board believes that Mr. Sharpe s experience and tenure as a director enables him to provide valuable perspectives on the Company s business, risk management and governance. 20 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Board s Role in Risk Oversight Board of Directors Enterprise risk management and our risk management program are critical to how we manage our business. The Board has oversight of the Company s enterprise risk management policy and framework, which: (i) establishes a structure for effective enterprise risk management, including oversight and governance; (ii) delineates key constituent roles and responsibilities; and (iii) imposes a number of core risk management processes. The enterprise risk management policy is designed to manage risks that may impact the Company, including capital, credit, market, liquidity, operational, strategic, reputational, legal and compliance, and product. The Board and its committees receive risk reporting on a regular basis to support the key role that the Board plays in its oversight of risk. The enterprise risk management policy is supported by underlying risk policies at each Ameriprise business unit that provide further detail on the business unit s risk governance, appetite and tolerance. Independent directors have access to individual members of management and other employees on a confidential basis. Directors are authorized to conduct independent investigations and to hire outside consultants or experts at our expense. Directors also have access to our records and files, and directors may contact other directors without informing our management of the purpose or even the fact of such contact. Audit and Risk Committee Our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, chief risk officer and other members of senior management are responsible for identifying, assessing and managing our exposure to risk. Our Board is responsible for overseeing how management performs those functions. This oversight is directed primarily by the Audit and Risk Committee, whose membership includes six of our eight independent directors. As described in further detail in the Audit and Risk Committee section below, some aspect of risk management and oversight is discussed at virtually every Audit and Risk Committee meeting. As part of its ongoing responsibilities, the Audit and Risk Committee reviews and assesses the quality and clarity of the risk management information its members receive and, if necessary, makes recommendations to management for improving this reporting. In order to confirm that it is receiving candid and complete information, the Audit and Risk Committee holds regular separate executive sessions with members of executive management, our independent auditors, our general auditor and our chief risk officer. Management As a diversified financial services company, our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Management and our independent auditors provide reports to the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board as a whole on prevailing material risks and the actions we are taking to address and mitigate them. Management also reports to the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board on how we are enhancing our risk management processes and controls to respond to evolving market, business and regulatory conditions. The Audit and Risk Committee and the Board also receive regular reports regarding our regulatory examinations, some of which address risk management topics. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Our chairman and chief executive officer is ultimately responsible for the effectiveness of the Company s risk management processes and is an integral part of the related day-to-day activities. He attends Audit and Risk Committee meetings and the Company s chief risk officer reports directly to the chief executive officer. As a result, he is in an informed position to both lead our enterprise risk management program and assist in the Board s oversight of that program. Oversight of Incentive Compensation Risk In response to best practices and regulatory guidelines, the Audit and Risk Committee and the Compensation and Benefits Committee receive reports focused on risks related to our Company-wide incentive compensation plans. We discuss this subject in more detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the heading Risk and Incentive Compensation beginning on page 59. Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 21 Table of Contents Oversight of Information and Cyber Security The Board and the Audit and Risk Committee are central to the oversight of the Company s cybersecurity risk management program operated by senior management. Our executive vice president and chief information officer, our chief information security officer, our chief risk officer, and other officers regularly review with our Board and the Audit and Risk Committee the cybersecurity risk management program as well as the following: the cyber threat landscape including evolving trends, such as the use of generative AI in cyber threats; the design, effectiveness and ongoing enhancement of our capabilities to identify, protect, detect, respond to and recover from cyber threats and events; and any incidents that merit discussion. The Audit and Risk Committee also reviews and receives reports on our identity theft prevention and privacy programs, including the following topics: emerging risks; identity theft threats, experience and trends; the effectiveness of existing controls and responses and planned enhancements to controls; and key areas of focus for the identity theft and privacy programs. Oversight of Human Capital Management To ensure our long-term success, we must continue to attract, retain and motivate employees. We continually invest in programs and capabilities to ensure a highly competitive employee value proposition, focused on culture, career, well-being, rewards and work environment. We foster a collaborative and inclusive culture where different perspectives, talent and ideas drive innovative solutions for our clients and support our communities. The Board has primary responsibility for CEO succession. In addition, the Board reviews our senior executive succession plans, our approach to talent management and development, as well as engagement survey feedback. The Board and the Compensation and Benefits Committee are regularly updated on topics impacting our workforce and dedicates time to reviewing and discussing our Company culture, talent development, retention and recruiting initiatives, as well as employee engagement survey feedback. Oversight of Sustainability Matters Each committee of the Board has oversight responsibility of sustainability factors. This includes the Audit and Risk Committee s role in overseeing enterprise risk management and cybersecurity matters, as well as the Compensation and Benefits Committee as it relates to the multiple elements of human capital management, such as engagement, retention of high performers and our enterprise and executive compensation programs detailed in this proxy. In addition, the full Board reviews and provides oversight of the overall business and strategy of the Company and the related sustainability matters. With regard to Ameriprise corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) reporting, the Nominating and Governance Committee engages with senior management to oversee the Company s CSR strategy, reporting and other related disclosures. Oversight by the Nominating and Governance Committee ensures appropriate accountability on these topics. The Nominating and Governance Committee also oversees corporate political contributions and reviews a report from management on all material matters relating to corporate political spending. In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee oversees the Company s memberships in various trade associations. For more information on our corporate social responsibility strategy and sustainability efforts, please visit ameriprise.com/about/responsible-business. Board and Management Oversight of Corporate Social Responsibility Strategy and Reporting Nominating and Governance Committee Shareholder engagement and communication Review of CSR-related reporting Political contributions and trade association memberships Enterprise Risk Management Committee Chaired by CEO Core enterprise risk governance committee Ensures broad awareness and visibility of CSR-related reporting through established risk governance processes Corporate Social Responsibility Governance and Strategy Group Provides overall governance of priority sustainability reporting Develops corporate social responsibility strategy with a focus on regulatory compliance and ensuring appropriate data and narrative controls Chair leads development of Ameriprise Responsible Business information on ameriprise.com and related communications 22 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Board s Role in Strategic Planning Ameriprise has a strategic Long-Range Plan that guides how we lead the Company to maximize long-term shareholder value creation, deliver competitively differentiated value to our clients, and attract and retain talent. Our Board of Directors plays an important role in our strategic planning process, and management and the Board hold joint detailed discussions on the Long-Range Plan at our annual long-range planning offsite meeting. Throughout the year, management and the Board also hold regular discussions on the Company s performance, progress on the annual plan and remaining goals in the context of our Long-Range Plan. Committees of the Board Board and Committee Meetings During 2025, the Board of Directors met six times. All current director nominees attended over 95% of the meetings of the Board and the Board committees on which they served during the year. At every committee meeting, committee members have the option to meet in executive session without management present. Committee chairs report to the full Board on their committee s activities and decisions. Board Committee Responsibilities Audit and Risk Committee Committee Highlights 11 Meetings in 2025 Members Christopher J. Williams (Chair) Dianne Neal Blixt Glynis A. Bryan Liane J. Pelletier Brian T. Shea W. Edward Walter III Independence Each member of the committee is independent, meets heightened requirements for audit committee independence, and financially literate. Audit Committee Financial Experts Each of Mses. Blixt, Bryan, and Pelletier and Messrs. Shea, Walter and Williams meet the requirements as defined by SEC rules. Role and Responsibilities The Audit and Risk Committee s primary purposes are to: monitor the integrity of the Company s consolidated financial statements; monitor the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and our Global Code of Conduct; oversee the Company s enterprise-wide risk assessment and risk management processes, including the nature of our major risk exposures, the methods we employ to mitigate risk, and the design and effectiveness of our processes and controls to prevent and detect fraudulent activity; monitor the Company s risk related to cybersecurity and privacy programs; evaluate and monitor the performance of the Company s independent auditors; appoint, evaluate and monitor the qualifications and independence of, and approve the compensation of, the independent auditors; participate in the selection of new lead independent auditor engagement partner; periodically evaluate whether there should be a regular rotation of the independent auditors; review the appointment and replacement of the chief risk officer; receive regular reports from the chief risk officer, including in executive sessions where the chief risk officer is the only officer present; evaluate and monitor the performance of the Company s internal audit function; review the appointment and replacement of the general auditor, and annually review the performance and compensation of the general auditor; receive regular reports from the general auditor, including in executive sessions where he is the only officer present; and address specified finance and risk management matters. The Audit and Risk Committee may convene executive sessions with representatives of management, representatives of our independent auditors, the general auditor, or the chief risk officer. All of our directors have access to the Audit and Risk Committee s meeting materials, including draft minutes, so they can remain informed about our risk oversight function. Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 23 Table of Contents Compensation and Benefits Committee Committee Highlights 6 Meetings in 2025 Members Dianne Neal Blixt (Chair) Amy DiGeso Robert F. Sharpe, Jr. W. Edward Walter III Independence Each member of the committee is independent and meets the heightened independence requirements for compensation committee members. Role and Responsibilities The Compensation and Benefits Committee s primary purposes are to: establish the philosophy and objectives that will govern our compensation and benefits programs; determine compensation for the chief executive officer, after discussion with the independent directors without management present; oversee and approve the compensation and benefits paid to our executive officers; review the Company s strategies and policies related to human capital management; recommend for approval by the Board of Directors or the shareholders, incentive and equity-based compensation plans; promote the clear and complete disclosure to shareholders of material information regarding the compensation and benefits of our highest paid executive officers; confirm that appropriate chief executive officer and management succession plans are in place and regularly reviewed and discussed by the Board; oversee incentive compensation plans throughout the Company, to the extent and in the manner set forth in relevant regulatory guidance or rules; make recommendations to the Board on matters related to nonbinding advisory votes of shareholders to approve the compensation of the named executive officers; and engage, together with senior management, with our institutional investors on all matters related to the foregoing responsibilities. In connection with its responsibilities, the Compensation and Benefits Committee has the authority to: approve grants of equity-based and other incentive awards; engage, oversee, compensate, evaluate and terminate a compensation consultant; retain independent legal or other advisors; request the support of one or more Company officers or employees to assist it in carrying out its duties; determine the appropriate amount of funding to be provided by the Company to compensate any compensation consultant or other advisor engaged by the committee, and to cover any administrative expenses that arise as the committee carries out its duties; delegate its authority to one or more subcommittees, including to the committee chair, who may (so long as consistent with certain federal securities requirements) act on behalf of the committee during the intervals between meetings; and delegate its authority to one or more officers or employees to the extent permitted by applicable law, the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, or applicable governing compensation plan documents. The Compensation and Benefits Committee has delegated certain administrative authority to our chief human resources officer to promote the efficient and timely administration of our compensation and benefits plans. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee is a former or current officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or is an executive officer of another company where an executive officer of Ameriprise Financial is a director. 24 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Nominating and Governance Committee Committee Highlights 2 Meetings in 2025 Members Amy DiGeso (Chair) Robert F. Sharpe, Jr. Brian T. Shea Christopher J. Williams Independence Each member of the committee is independent. Role and Responsibilities The Nominating and Governance Committee s purpose is to: assume a leadership role in shaping the Company s corporate governance; promote the effective functioning of the Board and its committees, including through oversight of the Board and committee evaluation process; advance the best interests of the Company and its shareholders through the implementation, oversight and disclosure of sound corporate governance guidelines and practices; consider and recommend candidates for election or appointment to the Board, including evaluating candidates submitted by shareholders; periodically review the compensation of outside directors and recommend changes to the Board for approval; promote the clear and complete disclosure to shareholders of material information regarding the compensation and benefits of the Company s outside directors; oversee the Company s corporate social responsibility reporting and strategy; and oversee corporate political spending and trade association memberships. A Statement of Principles Governing Corporate Political Spending, approved by the Board based on the committee s recommendation, along with the Company s annual corporate political spending report, is posted on the Governance Overview page of our website at ir.ameriprise.com. The Statement of Principles Governing Corporate Political Spending was last amended and restated in March 2020 to enhance Board and management oversight of the Company s trade association memberships and our dues payments to those trade associations. Executive Committee Committee Highlights The Committee meets as needed No meetings were held in 2025 Members James M. Cracchiolo (Chair) Dianne Neal Blixt Amy DiGeso Robert F. Sharpe, Jr. Christopher J. Williams Independence Each of Ms. Blixt, Ms. DiGeso, Mr. Sharpe, and Mr. Williams are independent. Role and Responsibilities The Executive Committee s purpose is to: allow the timely and efficient exercise of the Board s authority in the intervals between regularly scheduled meetings of the Board, subject to certain limitations; meet only as required, upon the call of its chair; and is not required to meet a minimum number of times each year. The Chairman of the Board serves as the committee chairman and the presiding director and current chairs of the Audit and Risk, Compensation and Benefits, and Nominating and Governance Committees serve as members. Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 25 Table of Contents Year-Round Review of Board Composition and Succession The Nominating and Governance Committee engages in a year-round process to identify and evaluate new director candidates in conjunction with its recurring review of Board and committee composition. The Nominating and Governance Committee along with the Board establishes the desired criteria, skills and areas of expertise needed to continue to support the Board in advancing the Company s business and strategy. The Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee engages in monthly meetings with management to discuss and review director succession planning and maintains ongoing engagement with Committee members regarding Board governance and director succession throughout the year. The Nominating and Governance Committee, with the help of management, identifies and evaluates new director candidates, placing primary emphasis on the desired criteria, skills and areas of expertise established with the Board and the criteria set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, including: Judgment, skills, leadership experience and a professional background necessary to gain a sound understanding of our strategic vision, mix of businesses and approach to regulatory relations and enterprise risk management; Diversity of viewpoints, backgrounds, experience and other qualifications; Independence, financial literacy, and other relevant experiences; The ability and willingness to devote sufficient time to effectively fulfill the responsibilities of a director; and The interplay of qualifications so that the Board as a whole possesses a mix and breadth of qualities, skills and experience that will enable it and its committees to promote the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee in its discretion may also engage a third-party search firm to assist in identifying potential director candidates consistent with the Committee s evaluation criteria. The Nominating and Governance Committee identified Liane J. Pelletier as a candidate with significant governance experience in highly regulated industries. Ms. Pelletier was identified as one of several potential candidates by our internal talent acquisition team as part of its role in supporting the Nominating and Governance Committee s ongoing director succession planning responsibilities, which include identifying, screening and recruiting individuals qualified to become Board members. After Ms. Pelletier was identified as a leading candidate, the Chairman as well as all members of the Nominating and Governance Committee and members of management reviewed her qualifications and conducted interviews with her. The Nominating and Governance Committee evaluated those qualifications against our Board membership criteria and desired skills and all members of the Board of the Directors interviewed her before the Nominating and Governance Committee recommended her election to the full Board. Ms. Pelletier was appointed to the Board effective November 12, 2025. Consideration of Director Candidates Recommended by Shareholders The Nominating and Governance Committee applies the same standards in considering candidates submitted by shareholders as it does in evaluating candidates submitted by members of the Board of Directors or identified through other means, provided that the requirements explained under the caption Director Experience and Qualifications are satisfied. Shareholders who wish to submit nominees for election at an annual or special meeting of shareholders must follow the procedures described starting on page 85. Shareholders who wish to submit a candidate for consideration by the Nominating and Governance Committee may do so by sending the candidate s name and supporting information to our corporate secretary, at the address shown on page 85 under Requirements and deadlines for submission of shareholder proposals or nomination of directors for the 2027 Annual Meeting. 26 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Shareholder Engagement We conduct shareholder outreach throughout the year to engage with shareholders on issues that are important to them. We report back to our Board on this engagement as well as specific issues discussed. Engagement Communication Feedback Executive management, investor relations and the corporate secretary engage on a regular basis with shareholders to understand their priorities on a broad range of topics, including strategy, financial performance, corporate governance, executive compensation and corporate sustainability practices. Our directors also directly engage with shareholders on certain occasions. + The Company also routinely interacts and communicates with shareholders through a number of other forums, including quarterly earnings presentations, Securities and Exchange Commission filings (including the annual report and proxy statement), the annual shareholder meeting, investor meetings and conferences and web communications. + We share our shareholder feedback and trends and developments about corporate governance matters with our Board, the Compensation and Benefits Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee as we seek to enhance our governance practices and evolve our disclosures. Examples of topics discussed in past engagements: board leadership structure board composition and succession planning, including committee refreshment director education oversight of cybersecurity risk the progression of our sustainability reporting and disclosures as well as our workforce initiatives performance goals, executive tenure and shareholder engagement practices support of our Company s compensation peer group and overall approach for compensating named executive officers interest in additional information around our political engagement and lobbying activities Examples of actions taken: enhanced political contributions reporting on ir.ameriprise.com enhanced shareholder engagement disclosures additional information regarding our board composition as well as the board succession process additional information on director education evolution of our Compensation Discussion and Analysis disclosures, including providing additional information on the setting of performance goals, and factors, such as tenure and sustained strong performance, impacting the determination of executive compensation enhanced information throughout the proxy statement relating to our long-term performance continued evolution of our sustainability reporting, publishing our first SASB Index in March 2022 enhanced information on our website regarding our public policy engagement information through our sustainability reporting regarding our EEO-1 Report, including posting the most recent report to the Company s website revisions to our executive compensation program in 2019 and 2020 to address shareholder feedback adoption of proxy access by-laws in 2018 and expansion of our incentive compensation clawback policy in 2019 advancement of our climate capabilities in coordination with our Asset Management business Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 27 Table of Contents Communicating with Directors Shareholders and other interested parties may contact any member (or all members) of the Board, any committee or any chair of any such committee by mail or electronically. Correspondence may be sent by: Mail: Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Attn: Board of Directors c/o Corporate Secretary 1098 Ameriprise Financial Center Minneapolis, MN 55474 Online: Go to the Ameriprise website at ir.ameriprise.com. Under the headings Shareholder Resources / Contacts, you will find a link that may be used to send an email to the Corporate Secretary, who will forward the information to the intended recipients. The Ameriprise corporate secretary, in coordination with corporate communications, investor relations and the general counsel organization will review all communications received to determine whether the contents represent a message or matter for our directors review. Requests for a meeting with any member of the Board will also be reviewed accordingly and, if appropriate, arranged by the corporate secretary and investor relations. Concerns relating to accounting, internal controls or auditing matters are handled in accordance with established procedures. Unsolicited advertisements or invitations to conferences or promotional material, in the discretion of the corporate secretary, may not be forwarded to the directors. Shareholders are encouraged to visit the Governance Overview page at ir.ameriprise.com to see the Corporate Governance Guidelines, Global Code of Conduct and additional information about Ameriprise s Board and its committees and corporate governance policies. The charters for each of the Audit and Risk, Compensation and Benefits, Nominating and Governance and Executive Committees can be found at the same website address. In addition, Ameriprise intends to satisfy any disclosure requirements regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Ethics for Chief Executive and Senior Financial Officers by posting such information on our corporate website. Ameriprise will provide a copy of these documents without charge to each shareholder upon written request. Requests for copies should be addressed to the corporate secretary, Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 1098 Ameriprise Financial Center, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55474. Our whistleblower policy prohibits us or any of our employees from retaliating or taking any adverse action against anyone for raising a compliance or ethical concern in good faith. If a shareholder, employee or other interested party nonetheless prefers to raise their concern in a confidential or anonymous manner, the concern may be directed to our ethics hotline at (800) 963-6395. This is a confidential, independent service that allows individuals to report compliance or ethical issues and concerns they may have regarding Ameriprise Financial. An ethics specialist will forward accounting and auditing issues to our general auditor and our general counsel, who will confirm that the matter is properly investigated and, if deemed appropriate, report the results to the Audit and Risk Committee . 28 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Board Practices Annual Performance Evaluation Process The Board and committees conduct the annual evaluation process set forth below to assess the effectiveness of their practices, identify issues or topics for further exploration and provide feedback on the quality and timeliness of information from management. This process is aided by written discussion guides used to facilitate the assessments. Areas of focus may encompass many factors, including: culture; board composition; succession planning; processes, information and resources; and duties and responsibilities. Interviews Board Discussion Feedback Incorporated The Chairman and Presiding Director interview each board member individually to solicit perspectives and feedback. Results of the Board and committee assessments are discussed at Board and committee meetings. Input and feedback from the evaluation process are incorporated into Board practices. Director Education Director education begins when a new director joins our Board. New directors receive comprehensive information about our business, strategy and governance, and have an opportunity to meet with senior leaders from key control, finance and operating functions. Additional training is also provided when a director joins a new committee or assumes a leadership role, such as becoming a chair of a committee. Ongoing education is provided through presentations from business line leaders and subject matter experts and other opportunities, including opportunities to see operations. We also provide educational sessions for the Audit and Risk Committee and full Board, including on topics such as cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, the enterprise risk management framework, regulatory environment, deep dives into certain businesses, emerging risks and other focus areas identified by the Board. The Compensation and Benefits Committee s Independent Compensation Consultant The Compensation and Benefits Committee engaged Semler Brossy Consulting Group ( Semler Brossy ) as its independent compensation consultant. Semler Brossy has served in this role since June 2019. The committee maintains a Compensation Adviser Policy, which addresses the relationship between the committee and its compensation advisers; the criteria that the committee uses to select its consultant; the consultant s duties; how the committee evaluates its compensation consultant; the factors the committee will apply in determining whether its consultant is independent of the Company s management; and the related disclosure to be provided to our shareholders. The Compensation and Benefits Committee annually reviews Semler Brossy s independence. The Compensation Adviser Policy is available on the Governance Overview page of our website at ir.ameriprise.com. Semler Brossy works for and reports directly to the Compensation and Benefits Committee, not the Company s management, with respect to executive compensation matters. The committee recognizes that its consultant will necessarily work with representatives of management but does so as the committee s representative and solely on the committee s behalf. The committee annually reviews and discusses Semler Brossy s performance and engagement in executive session, without representatives of Semler Brossy present. In its capacity as the committee s consultant, Semler Brossy s services include the following: providing advice and guidance with respect to trends and issues related to executive compensation; assisting with benchmarking competitive compensation, including advising the committee on the composition of a reference peer group; assisting with the development of the executive compensation philosophy and program suited to our business strategy and goals; and preparing reports and analyses for the committee s meeting materials. One or more representatives of Semler Brossy attend committee meetings as needed. Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 29 Table of Contents At a meeting held on February 19, 2026, the Compensation and Benefits Committee confirmed that Semler Brossy is independent of the Company s management (applying the independence standards established in the Compensation Adviser Policy). In making this determination, the committee considered relevant issues, including the following six specific factors prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission and New York Stock Exchange corporate governance listing standards: the provision of other services to Ameriprise by Semler Brossy; the amount of fees received during 2025 from Ameriprise as a percentage of Semler Brossy s 2025 total revenue; Semler Brossy s policies and procedures designed to prevent conflicts of interest; any business or personal relationship between a member of the Semler Brossy engagement team and a member of the committee; any Ameriprise Financial stock owned by Semler Brossy or by any member of the Ameriprise consulting team or their immediate family members; and any business or personal relationship of Semler Brossy or any employee of Semler Brossy with an executive officer of Ameriprise Financial. Based on this review and information provided by Semler Brossy, the committee determined that no conflict of interest exists that would preclude Semler Brossy from independently representing the committee. Determining Executive Officer and Director Compensation Various executive officers help the Compensation and Benefits Committee determine the appropriate form and amount of executive compensation. Officers in our human resources department prepare meeting materials for the committee, including compensation tally sheets and other summaries of executive officers total compensation. These officers also may propose the adoption of new compensation or benefits plans or amendments to existing plans. The chief executive officer makes recommendations to the committee regarding compensation actions for executive officers other than himself. Our executive vice president of human resources discusses survey and benchmarking data related to executive compensation and other topics of interest to the committee. Our chief financial officer advises the committee about setting and calculating financial performance goals for certain executive compensation plans. No executive officer has the authority to approve their own compensation or to make equity-based grants to any executive officer. Director Attendance at Annual Meeting of Shareholders Our Corporate Governance Guidelines state that directors are expected to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The corporate secretary reminds each director of this policy in advance of each Annual Meeting of Shareholders. At our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, all directors who were nominees for election were in attendance. Executive Sessions of Independent Directors The independent directors customarily meet in executive session without management present at each regularly scheduled meeting of the Board. The Board may decide, however, that such an executive session is not required at a particular Board meeting. 30 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Documents and Policies Committee Charters The Board s Audit and Risk, Compensation and Benefits, and Nominating and Governance Committees each operate under a written charter approved by the Board of Directors. Each committee charter satisfies the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange s corporate governance listing standards. Each committee reviews and reassesses the adequacy of its charter at least annually. Each committee will recommend any proposed changes to the Board of Directors for consideration and approval. The committee charters are posted on our website on the Governance Overview page at ir.ameriprise.com and additional information about each committee is contained in the section Committees of the Board, beginning on page 23. The Executive Committee also operates under a written charter approved by the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee s charter is posted on our website at the same location as the other committee charters. Corporate Governance Guidelines The Board of Directors has approved Corporate Governance Guidelines. Among other topics, the Corporate Governance Guidelines address: director qualification standards; director responsibilities; director access to management and, as necessary and appropriate, independent advisors; director compensation; director orientation and continuing education; management succession; and the annual performance evaluation of the Board and its committees. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are posted on our website on the Governance Overview page at ir.ameriprise.com. Codes of Conduct We have adopted a Global Code of Conduct to guide ethical business behavior and decision-making. The Global Code of Conduct applies to all of our officers, employees, financial advisors, and their employees, and individuals conducting business on behalf of us and our subsidiaries. Following our Global Code of Conduct and all applicable laws, regulations, and Company policies is a condition of employment or association with the Company, except as otherwise provided by the laws of a foreign jurisdiction. The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct for members of the Board of Directors of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. This Code of Business Conduct is intended to focus each director on areas of potential conflicts of interest and provide guidance relating to the recognition and handling of ethical issues. The Code of Business Conduct also provides mechanisms to report potential conflicts of interest or unethical conduct and is intended to foster a culture of openness and accountability. Both of these codes are posted on our website on the Governance Overview page at ir.ameriprise.com. Insider Trading Policies We have adopted insider trading policies governing the purchase, sale and/or other disposition of the Company s securities by the Company s directors, officers and employees, which we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the applicable NYSE listing standards. In addition, with regard to trading in our own securities, it is our policy to comply with the federal securities laws and the applicable NYSE listing requirements. A copy of our insider trading policies are filed as Exhibit 19 to our 2025 Form 10-K. Hedging and Pledging Policies We prohibit executive officers, directors and management employees from entering into any agreement or transaction involving a hedge against a decline in the value of our securities, including short sales, forward sales, equity swaps and other derivative transactions; provided that the use of exchange funds that calculate their return based on all of the securities in the exchange fund s portfolio and that make payments on a pro-rata basis to all holders is not prohibited. Directors and executive officers are also prohibited from pledging our securities in any manner, whether as a collateral of a loan, via a margin account held at a broker or otherwise. Requests for Copies of Materials You may request copies of any of the documents referred to in this section of the proxy statement by emailing or writing to our Corporate Secretary at ampsecretarysofficemailbox@ampf.com or 1098 Ameriprise Financial Center, Minneapolis, MN 55474. Copies will be provided at no cost to you. Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 31 Table of Contents Compensation of Directors Compensation Philosophy for Outside Directors We compete with other companies for executive talent, as we explain in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis later in this proxy statement. We must also compete for those persons with the ability, integrity, experience and judgment required to serve on the board of a public company and who meet the high qualification standards set by our Board of Directors. In order to do so, we must offer a compensation package that is both competitive and appropriate in view of the significant time commitment and responsibilities that come with serving as a director. Only outside directors receive compensation for serving on our Board. Mr. Cracchiolo does not receive additional compensation for his service as a director. We believe that our outside directors should have a substantial personal financial stake in the Company. Accordingly, a significant portion of our directors compensation package is equity-based. In addition, directors are expected to have an equity holding in the Company with a market value of five times the amount of the current annual cash retainer within five years of joining the Board. Using a closing price of $475.33 for a share of our common stock on March 2, 2026, the value of the common stock and DSUs beneficially held by our outside directors (excluding shares held by a charitable organization) on that date was as follows, rounded to the nearest dollar: Mses. Blixt ($6,502,924); Bryan ($446,496); DiGeso ($6,101,746); and Pelletier ($182,040); and Messrs. Sharpe ($27,251,519); Shea ($4,045,259); Walter ($3,710,154); and Williams ($6,320,731). As is true for our executive officers, we prohibit our directors from hedging against a decline in the value of our stock or pledging their shares of our stock. How Our Outside Directors Compensation is Determined The Board s Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing the compensation and benefits paid to our outside directors. The committee periodically reviews the outside directors compensation package to ensure it is market-based, aligned with shareholder interests, and consistent with our compensation principles, including with respect to equity-based compensation and complies with the shareholder-approved limitation on director compensation under our Amended and Restated 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan. At its meeting held on October 2, 2024, the Nominating and Governance Committee reviewed and discussed an analysis of non-management director compensation prepared by Semler Brossy, our independent compensation consultant. Among other matters, Semler Brossy s report reviewed the design and competitiveness of our non-management director compensation program and compared the program to the company s peer group that is also used in connection with our executive compensation program. Based on this review, Semler Brossy advised that an increase in the annual equity retainer was appropriate in order to align compensation with peer group competitive levels. Taking into account the market information presented by Semler Brossy, the Nominating and Governance Committee recommended, and the Board approved, an increase in the annual equity retainer from $190,000 to $210,000, to be effective as of the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. In all other respects, the Company s compensation program for non-management directors remains unchanged. 32 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents 2025 Annual Compensation Plan for Outside Directors The 2025 compensation program for our outside directors is outlined below. We do not pay meeting fees or grant stock options or restricted stock to our outside directors. Outside Directors Compensation Program for 2025 Annual Cash Retainer $110,000 Annual Equity Retainer $210,000 in the form of DSUs Board Meeting Fees No board meeting fees Committee Meeting Fees No committee meeting fees Committee Member Annual Retainer Committee members receive an annual retainer as follows: Audit and Risk Committee $15,000 Compensation and Benefits Committee $10,000 Nominating and Governance Committee $10,000 There is no committee member retainer for the members of the Executive Committee. Committee Chair Annual Retainer Committee chairpersons receive an annual retainer in addition to the committee member retainer, as follows: Audit and Risk Committee chair $30,000 ($45,000 total committee retainer) Compensation and Benefits Committee chair $20,000 ($30,000 total committee retainer) Nominating and Governance Committee chair $20,000 ($30,000 total committee retainer) Presiding Director Annual Retainer $50,000 Charitable Matching Gift Program Up to $2,000 annually Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 33 Table of Contents Deferred Share Plan for Outside Directors for 2025 All of our outside directors participate in the Ameriprise Financial Deferred Share Plan for Outside Directors. Each outside director receives an annual grant of DSUs immediately following the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. A DSU is a phantom share of our common stock that tracks the value of our common stock. A DSU receives deemed dividends in the same amount paid on a share of our common stock, but it has no voting rights. Outside directors may also choose to defer part or all of their annual cash retainer and any committee retainer under the plan. Feature Annual Grant Elective Retainer Deferral Amount $210,000 Outside directors whose first term is less than one year will receive a pro-rata grant based on their length of service between their appointment to the Board and the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders Before the beginning of each calendar year, a director may elect to defer up to 100% of the annual cash retainer and any committee chair or member retainer, in 25% increments Investment Options Only investment option is Ameriprise DSUs, credited to a separate annual equity grant DSU account Directors may choose to invest deferred amounts in one or both of these options: Ameriprise DSUs or a cash account that receives a market rate of interest, credited on the last day of each month Number of Deferred Share Units Credited The number of DSUs is determined by dividing the dollar amount awarded by the closing price of a share of our common stock on the date of our annual shareholders meeting, or for a director who joins the Board after the date of the most recent Annual Meeting, the closing price of a share of our common stock on the third trading day following the release of our financial statements during the quarter the director joins The number of DSUs credited is determined by dividing the quarterly deferral amount by the closing price of a share of our common stock on the third trading day following the public release of our financial statements for the quarter Dividend Equivalent Reinvestment Account is credited with additional DSUs on each dividend payment date for our common stock. The number of additional units is calculated by first multiplying the number of units held on the dividend record date by the dividend payable on a share of our common stock; that number is then divided by the closing price of a share of our common stock on the dividend payment date Deemed dividends on DSUs are reinvested in the same manner used for the annual equity grant account Distribution Single payment in shares of our common stock following a director s end of service A director makes a distribution election at the same time he or she make a deferral election, and that election applies to that year s deferrals. A director makes a new distribution election each year. A director has three distribution choices: Lump sum on March 31 of a specified year Lump sum following the director s end of service Two to five or ten annual installments following the director s end of service Change in Control Upon a change in control, the entire account will be immediately distributed in shares of our common stock Upon a change in control, all amounts held in either account will be immediately distributed in cash, or in shares of our common stock to the extent invested in Ameriprise DSUs 34 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Paid to Outside Directors in 2025 This table shows the total compensation paid to our outside directors during 2025. Committee Chair/ Committee Annual Retainer Presiding Director Retainer Member Retainer Stock All Other Name Paid in Cash ($) Paid in Cash ($) Paid in Cash ($) Awards (1) ($) Compensation (2) ($) Total ($) Dianne Neal Blixt 110,000 20,000 25,000 210,000 1,000 366,000 Glynis A. Bryan* (3) 91,972 12,542 241,233 345,747 Amy DiGeso 110,000 20,000 20,000 210,000 2,000 362,000 Liane J. Pelletier** 14,946 2,038 16,984 Armando Pimentel, Jr.*** 36,566 8,310 44,876 Robert F. Sharpe, Jr. 110,000 50,000 20,000 210,000 390,000 Brian T. Shea 110,000 25,000 210,000 2,000 347,000 W. Edward Walter III 110,000 25,000 210,000 345,000 Christopher J. Williams (4) 110,000 30,000 25,000 210,000 375,000 (1) The dollar amounts in this column show the grant date fair value of the annual grant of DSUs. For 2025, the number of DSUs credited to a director s account is calculated as follows: for directors elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the dollar value to be received by the director is divided by the closing price of a share of our common stock on the date of our Annual Meeting of Shareholders; for Ms. Bryan, the pro rata dollar value based on her service from March 1, 2025 to the date of the 2025 Annual Meeting is divided by the closing price of a share of our common stock on the third trading day following the Company s earnings release for the first quarter (the quarter in which Ms. Bryan joined the board); and, in accordance with the Ameriprise Financial Deferred Share Plan for Outside Directors, Ms. Pelletier, who joined the Board on November 12, 2025, received her pro rata annual grant of DSUs in February 2026 and, accordingly, no grant is reflected for her in 2025. The aggregate incremental cost of perquisites and personal benefits is less than $10,000 for each director. As a result, the Securities and Exchange Commission does not require us to disclose those costs. (2) Amounts reflect matching contributions made under the charitable giving match program available to employees. (3) In 2025, Ms. Bryan elected to defer 100% of her cash retainers under the Ameriprise Financial Deferred Share Plan for Outside Directors, with 100% allocated into the Ameriprise Common Stock Fund. (4) In 2025, Mr. Williams elected to defer 100% of his cash retainers under the Ameriprise Financial Deferred Share Plan for Outside Directors, with 50% allocated into the Ameriprise Common Stock Fund. Deferred Share Units Issued to Outside Directors in 2025 This table shows the number of DSUs issued to outside directors during 2025. In order to simplify the presentation, we have rounded the numbers shown to the nearest unit. Directors accounts were credited with deemed dividends on the DSUs at the same rate as the dividends paid on a share of our common stock. These deemed dividends were reinvested in additional DSUs. DSU Balances DSU Balances as of December 31, 2024 DSUs Credited During 2025 as of December 31, 2025 Annual Annual Reinvested Retainer Deferral Annual Equity Retainer Total Equity Deemed and Reinvested Total Equity Retainer Total Grant Deferral DSUs Grant Dividends Deemed Dividends DSUs Grant Deferral DSUs Dianne Neal Blixt 12,036 12,036 446 156 602 12,638 12,638 Glynis A. Bryan* 512 5 220 737 517 220 737 Amy DiGeso 12,036 12,036 446 156 602 12,638 12,638 Liane J. Pelletier** Armando Pimentel, Jr.*** 1,515 1,515 14 14 Robert F. Sharpe, Jr. 38,579 4,629 43,208 446 492 58 996 39,516 4,688 44,204 Brian T. Shea 4,891 4,891 446 66 512 5,403 5,403 W. Edward Walter III 6,253 6,253 446 83 529 6,782 6,782 Christopher J. Williams 8,675 3,565 12,241 446 114 214 774 9,234 3,780 13,014 All totals rounded to the nearest share. Includes deemed dividends invested in additional DSUs. * Ms. Bryan was elected to the Board and became a member of the Audit and Risk Committee effective March 1, 2025. The dollar amounts of her cash retainers were prorated to reflect her service on the Board effective as of March 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025. ** Ms. Pelletier was elected to the Board and became a member of the Audit and Risk Committee effective November 12, 2025. The dollar amounts of her cash retainers were prorated to reflect her service on the Board effective as of November 12, 2025 to December 31, 2025. *** Mr. Pimentel did not stand for reelection to the Board in 2025. The dollar amount of his cash retainer was prorated to reflect his service on the Board from January 1, 2025 to April 30, 2025. He received a distribution of shares of common stock following the end of his service to the Board as provided by the Company s Deferred Share Plan for Outside Directors. Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 35 Table of Contents Perquisites and Personal Benefits Our outside directors receive occasional perquisites or personal benefits of reasonable value, such as: commemorative items in connection with their Board service; welcoming gifts at the hotel where they stay during Board meetings or events; holiday gifts; and recreational or other services and amenities when attending an offsite Board long-range planning meeting. We do not provide our directors with a tax gross-up amount on any gifts or other items given to them. We pay for or reimburse our outside directors for their reasonable travel, lodging, food and other expenses related to their attendance at Board, committee or annual shareholder meetings. Our outside directors may use our corporate aircraft for Board-related travel, subject to the aircraft s availability and other restrictions. In extraordinary or unusual circumstances, we may make our corporate aircraft available to our outside directors on an exception basis. Our outside directors are eligible to participate in our charitable gift matching program on the same basis as employees. We will match a director s personal contributions to one or more qualifying charitable organizations subject to an annual aggregate limit, which is currently $2,000. Directors requests for matching gifts are processed by the same outside vendor that we use for employee matching gift requests. 36 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Ownership of our Common Shares The table below shows how many Ameriprise common shares certain individuals and entities beneficially owned on March 2, 2026. These individuals and entities include: (1) owners of more than 5% of our outstanding common shares; (2) our current directors and director nominees; (3) our named executive officers; and (4) all current directors and executive officers as a group. A person has beneficial ownership over shares if the person has or shares voting or investment power over the shares or the right to acquire such power within 60 days of March 2, 2026. None of the shares owned by our directors or executive officers are subject to any kind of pledge. Each person has sole voting and investment power over the shares, except as we describe below. The column captioned Deferred Share Units and Restricted Share Units shows DSUs owned by non-management directors through the Company s Deferred Share Plan for Outside Directors and restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and DSUs of Ameriprise common stock owned by the executive officers under the Company s Supplemental Retirement Plan and Deferred Compensation Plan. The information in this column is not required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission because these units carry no voting rights and will be settled in shares of common stock that the recipient does not have the right to acquire within 60 days of March 2, 2026. Nevertheless, we believe that this information provides a more complete picture of the financial stake that our directors and executive officers have in the Company. Total Shares Beneficially Number of Shares Right to Percent of DSUs and Owned Plus Name Owned (1)(2) Acquire (3) Class RSUs (4) DSUs and RSUs The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 13,005,378 (5) 14.3 % BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 9,121,526 (6) 10.1 % Dianne Neal Blixt 1,000 (7) * 12,681 13,681 Glynis A. Bryan 200 (7) * 739 939 Amy DiGeso 156 * 12,681 12,837 Liane J. Pelletier 200 * 183 383 Robert F. Sharpe, Jr. 12,977 (7) * 44,355 57,332 Brian T. Shea 3,179 (7) * 5,421 8,600 W. Edward Walter III 1,000 (7) * 6,805 7,805 Christopher J. Williams 200 * 13,098 13,298 James M. Cracchiolo 86,666 200,844 * 194,821 482,331 Walter S. Berman 493 65,776 * 58,608 124,877 William Davies 13,459 3,720 * 1,074 18,253 Joseph E. Sweeney 8,468 45,992 * 4,106 58,566 William F. Truscott 12,458 (7) 44,902 * 5,976 63,336 All current directors and executive officers (17 individuals) 158,700 388,712 * 370,071 917,483 * Less than 1%. Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 37 Table of Contents Our executive officers and directors are prohibited from hedging against a decline in the value of the Ameriprise common stock they own. Executive officers and directors are also prohibited from pledging their Ameriprise common stock in any manner, whether as collateral for a loan, in a margin account held at a broker, or otherwise. (1) This column includes shares held in employee benefit plan accounts on March 2, 2026, as follows: Name Number of Shares in Plan Accounts James M. Cracchiolo 1,733 Walter S. Berman 366 William Davies Joseph E. Sweeney 298 William F. Truscott 309 All executive officers, including those named above 3,921 (2) Executive officers hold restricted shares that we include in this column. The executive officer may vote the restricted shares, but may not sell or transfer them during the restricted period. These restrictions lapse over a period of years. (3) These are shares that the executive officers have the right to acquire within 60 days of March 2, 2026, upon the exercise of stock options that they hold. (4) Amounts deferred into the Ameriprise stock fund under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan are paid out as Ameriprise common shares and must be held in the stock fund until distribution. See "Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2025" on page 65 for information regarding RSU holdings. (5) Based on information contained in a report on Schedule 13G/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2024, by The Vanguard Group which contained information as of December 29, 2023. The filing indicates that The Vanguard Group had shared voting power of 136,930 shares of common stock, sole dispositive power of 12,566,005 shares of common stock and shared dispositive power of 439,373 shares of common stock. (6) Based on information contained in a report on Schedule 13G/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 5, 2025, by BlackRock, Inc. which contained information as of December 31, 2024. The filing indicates that BlackRock, Inc. had sole voting power of 8,081,893 shares of common stock, and sole dispositive power of 9,121,526 shares of common stock. (7) Includes shares beneficially held in a trust, joint account, individual retirement account, foundation, or limited liability company. 38 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Report of the Audit and Risk Committee The Audit and Risk Committee s job is one of oversight as set forth in its charter. It is not the duty of the Audit and Risk Committee to prepare the Company s consolidated financial statements, to plan or conduct audits or investigations or to determine that the Company s financial statements are complete and accurate and are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s management is responsible for preparing the Company s consolidated financial statements and for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management is also responsible for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements and the audit of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. In addition, the independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for the audit of management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. In the performance of its oversight function, the Audit and Risk Committee has reviewed and discussed with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the Company s audited financial statements. The Audit and Risk Committee also has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, the Audit and Risk Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from its independent accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent accounting firm s communications with the Audit and Risk Committee concerning independence and has discussed with the independent accounting firm its independence. The Audit and Risk Committee discussed with the Company s general auditor and independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans for their respective audits. The Audit and Risk Committee meets with the general auditor and independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations, their evaluations of the Company s internal controls and the overall quality of the Company s financial reporting. In addition, the Audit and Risk Committee meets with the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Company to discuss the Company s control environment and the overall quality of the Company s financial reporting. In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit and Risk Committee recommended to the Board of Directors, and the Board has approved, that the Company s audited financial statements be included in the Company s 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders and, for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Members of the Committee Christopher J. Williams (Chair) Dianne Neal Blixt Glynis A. Bryan Liane J. Pelletier Brian T. Shea W. Edward Walter III Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement | 39 Table of Contents Item 2 Ratification of the Appointment of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the following resolution. Proxies will be voted FOR the following resolution unless otherwise specified: RESOLVED, that the Audit and Risk Committee of the Board of Directors appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, to audit the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries for 2026 is ratified. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP was our independent registered accounting firm for the 2025 fiscal year and the Audit and Risk Committee has engaged the firm for our 2026 fiscal year. We disclose the fees paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for their services in our 2024 and 2025 fiscal years in this section. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has served as the Company s external auditor since fiscal year 2011. We provide important additional information about the Audit and Risk Committee s oversight of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on page 23. We are asking shareholders to ratify the Audit and Risk Committee s appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, for 2026. The members of the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board of Directors believe that the continued engagement of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. In the event the shareholders do not ratify the appointment, the Audit and Risk Committee will consider other accounting firms for 2026. The Audit and Risk Committee will be under no obligation, however, to appoint new independent auditors. One or more representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP will be present at the Annual Meeting with the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and will be available to respond to questions. Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees The following presents the aggregate fees billed for professional services by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year beginning January 1, 2025, in fiscal year 2025, and for the year beginning January 1, 2024, in fiscal year 2024, for these various services: Fiscal Year Fiscal Year Description of Fees 2025 Amount 2024 Amount Audit Fees $ 12,949,000 $ 13,959,000 Audit-Related Fees 4,392,000 4,001,000 Tax Fees 79,000 79,000 All Other Fees 409,000 314,000 Total $ 17,829,000 $ 18,353,000 Audit Fees The audit fees set forth above consist of fees for professional services during each fiscal year in connection with the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, and review of financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that were provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit-Related Fees The audit-related fees set forth above consist of fees for attest, assurance and related services that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s internal controls, including custody rule examinations, service organization control reports, comfort letters, employee benefit plan audits and agreed upon procedures engagements. Tax Fees The tax fees set forth above consist of fees for tax services performed during each fiscal year, including tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. All Other Fees All other fees set forth above consist of fees for miscellaneous advisory and consulting services other than audit, audit-related or tax services. 40 | Ameriprise Financial 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Services to Associated Organizations PricewaterhouseCoopers provided other services to associated organizations of the Company. These amounts included $20,552,000 and $20,017,000 for services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers in 2025 and 2024, respectively, primarily for performing audits and tax compliance services for mutual funds, collective funds and alternative investment funds. Policy on Pre-Approval of Services Provided by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Pursuant to the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the terms of the engagement of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm are subject to the specific pre-approval of the Audit and Risk Committee. All audit and permitted non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm require pre-approval by the Audit and Risk Committee in accordance with pre-approval procedures established by the Audit and Risk Committee. The procedures require all proposed engagements of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for services of any kind to be directed to the Company s general auditor and then submitted for approval to the Audit and Risk Committee or to the Audit and Risk Committee chair prior to the beginning of any services. The Audit and Risk Committee has delegated such approval authority to its chair, to be exercised in the intervals between committee meetings. In 2025, 100% of the services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers for the Company and its subsidiaries were