=== AMP_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. We believe that the following information identifies the material factors affecting our company based on the information we currently know. However, the risks and uncertainties our company faces are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Market Risks Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by market fluctuations and by economic, political and other factors. Our results of operations and financial condition may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by economic and other factors (whether actual or perceived). Such factors, which can be global, regional, national or local in nature, include: (i) the level and volatility of the markets, including equity prices, interest rates, commodity prices, currency values and other market indices and drivers; (ii) geopolitical strain, terrorism and armed conflicts, (iii) political dynamics or elections and social, economic and market conditions; (iv) the availability and cost of capital; (v) global health emergencies; (vi) technological changes and events; (vii) U.S. and foreign government regulatory, fiscal and tax policies; (viii) U.S. and foreign government ability, real or perceived, to avoid defaulting on government securities; (ix) the availability and cost of credit and hedge markets; (x) periods of elevated inflation; (xi) natural disasters such as weather catastrophes; and (xii) other factors affecting investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets. Furthermore, changes in consumer economic variables, such as the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, decreases in property values, and the level of consumer confidence and consumer debt, may substantially affect consumer financials, which, in turn, could impact client activity in our businesses. These factors also may have an impact on our ability to achieve our strategic objectives or to pay dividends or otherwise return capital from our subsidiaries to our holding company. Declines and volatility in U.S. and global market conditions have impacted our businesses in the past, are impacting us now and may continue to impact us in the same, new or different ways in the future. Our businesses have been, and in the future may be, adversely affected by U.S. and global capital market and credit crises, the repricing of credit risk, equity market volatility and decline, and stress or recession in the U.S. and global economies generally. Each of our segments operates in these markets with exposure for us and our clients in securities, loans, derivatives, alternative investments, seed capital and other commitments. It is difficult to predict when, how long and to what extent the aforementioned adverse conditions will exist, which of our markets, products and businesses will be directly affected and to what extent our clients may seek to bring claims arising out of investment performance that is affected by these conditions. As a result, these factors could materially adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. These factors may also impact client behavior. Market downturns, stagnation, and volatility may cause, and have caused, individual investors to limit or decrease their participation in global markets, which may negatively impact our retail business and/or our product sales. Market conditions, regulatory actions, tax laws, and our competitive industry environment are among the reasons current shareholders in our mutual funds, closed-end funds, ETFs, hedge funds, OEICs, SICAVs, unit trusts, investment trusts and other pooled investment vehicles, contractholders in our annuity products and policyholders in our protection products may opt to withdraw cash values for those products (or for certain protection products, to reduce their withdrawal activity). If we are unable to offer appropriate product alternatives which encourage clients to continue purchasing in the face of actual or perceived market volatility, our sales and management fee revenues could decline. Downturns and volatility in markets or the departure of key clients or advisors have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on the revenues and returns from our asset management services, retail advisory accounts, variable annuity contracts, banking products and other products. Because the profitability of these products and services depends on fees related primarily to the value of assets under management, declines in the markets will reduce our revenues because the value of the investment assets we manage will be reduced. In addition, a significant portion of our revenue is derived from investment management agreements with the Columbia Management family of mutual funds or other investment managers which are terminable on 60 days’ notice. Although some contracts governing investment management services are subject to termination for failure to meet performance benchmarks, institutional and individual clients can generally terminate their relationships with us or our financial advisors at will or on relatively short notice. Further, a number of the products and services we make available to our clients are those offered by third parties and negative perceptions of these financial products and services (or the financial industry in general) may impact the number of withdrawals and 16 Index Ameriprise Financial, Inc. redemptions or reduce purchases made by our clients, which would adversely impact the levels of our assets under management. Our clients can also reduce the aggregate amount of managed assets or shift their funds to other types of accounts with different fee rate structures, for any number of reasons, including investment performance, changes in prevailing interest rates, changes in investment preferences or investment management strategy (for example, “active” or “passive” investing styles or the proliferation of ETFs or other vehicles like separately managed accounts (“SMAs”)), changes in our (or our advisors’) reputation in the marketplace, a client’s view of sustainability factors, changes in client or relationship management, loss of key investment management personnel and financial market performance. This reduction in managed assets or significant redemptions, and the associated decrease in revenues and earnings, could have a material adverse effect on our business, particularly in products or services where we have less scale and a reduction in managed assets can make the product not viable or even require us to exit the product. Most of our variable annuity products contain guaranteed minimum death benefits and a majority of our variable annuity products in force contain guaranteed minimum withdrawal and accumulation benefits. Decline or volatility in equity and/or bond markets could result in guaranteed minimum benefits being higher than what current account values would support, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We discontinued the sale of new fixed annuities and variable annuities with living benefits, which we believe will lessen this risk over time. Although we hedge a portion of the guarantees for the variable annuity contracts to mitigate the financial loss of equity and/or bond market declines or volatility, there can be no assurance that such a decline or volatility would not materially impact the profitability of certain products or product lines or our financial condition or results of operations. For example, market fluctuations will impact our statutory reserves and required capital, and that may not be aligned with the hedging impacts. In addition to risks from guarantees discussed above, structured variable annuity contracts contain index-linked risks that adjust the policyholder’s or contractholder’s account value based on equity movements. These risks are hedged with derivatives, which are a material component of our overall hedging program. Collateral requirements for the hedging program are market-sensitive, and certain market environments (e.g., rising interest rates) will result in increased needs for liquidity to satisfy these requirements. Depending on how rapidly the market moves and other factors, we may need to access liquidity sources that are more costly, which could have an adverse impact on profitability or our results of operations or financial condition. Changes in interest rates may affect our results of operations and financial condition. Certain of our insurance, annuity, investment products, wrap fees and banking products are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations (inclusive of changes in credit spreads), which could cause future impacts associated with such fluctuations to differ from our historical results of operations. In addition, interest rate fluctuations could result in fluctuations in the valuation of certain minimum guaranteed benefits contained in some of our variable annuity products. Although we typically hedge to mitigate some of the effect of such fluctuations, significant changes in interest rates (or prolonged periods of low interest rates) could have a material adverse impact on the profitability of certain products or product lines or our results of operations or financial condition. Interest rate fluctuations also could have an adverse effect on the results of our investment portfolio. During periods of declining market interest rates or stagnancy of low interest rates, the interest we receive on variable interest rate investments decreases and we are forced to reinvest the cash we receive as interest or return of principal on our investments in lower-yielding high-grade instruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns. Issuers of certain callable fixed income securities also may decide to prepay their obligations in order to borrow at lower market rates, which increases the risk that we may have to reinvest the cash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-credit instruments. If there is a return to a period of prolonged low interest rates, our spread may be reduced or could become negative. Due to the long-term nature of the liabilities associated with certain of our businesses, such as long term care and universal life with secondary guarantees as well as guaranteed benefits on variable annuities, sustained declines in or stagnancy of low long-term interest rates may subject us to reinvestment risks and increased hedging costs. We periodically review and, where appropriate, adjust our assumptions. As market interest rates increase or sustain at relatively higher rates, we may credit clients higher rates on interest-sensitive products, such as universal life insurance, face-amount certificates, and banking products and we may increase these rates on in force products to keep these products competitive (which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations). Because yields on invested assets may not increase as quickly as current interest rates, we may have to accept a lower spread and thus lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. In addition, increases in market interest rates would further increase the unrealized loss position of our investment portfolio and may cause outflows and other negative impacts through increased policy surrenders, withdrawals from life insurance policies and annuity contracts and requests for policy loans, or changes in demands of certain bank or certificate products as policyholders, contractholders and clients seek to shift assets to products with perceived higher returns. This process may lead to an earlier than expected outflow of cash from many different areas of our business. These withdrawals, surrenders and other client actions may require investment assets to be sold at a time when the prices of those assets are lower because of the increase in market interest rates, which may result in investment losses to be realized in our results of operations. Also, increases in market interest rates may result in extension of certain cash flows from structured mortgage assets. An increase in policy surrenders and withdrawals also may require us to accelerate amortization of deferred acquisition costs (“DAC”) or other intangibles or cause an impairment of goodwill, which would increase our expenses and reduce our net earnings in the period. If higher market interest rates lead to inflows into interest-sensitive products (such as face-amount certificates and certain banking products) or other changes in product behavior, our capital requirements may increase as well. 17 Index Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Adverse capital and credit market conditions or a downgrade in our credit ratings may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, our access to capital and our cost of capital. Volatility, uncertainty and disruption in the capital and credit markets may decrease available liquidity, which we may need to run our business and pay dividends. If the market conditions hinder our availability to obtain capital or liquidity, our business could suffer. Our liquidity needs are satisfied primarily through our reserves and the cash generated by our operations. We believe the level of cash and securities we maintain, combined with expected cash inflows from investments and operations, is adequate to meet anticipated short-term and long-term payment obligations. In the event current resources are insufficient to satisfy our needs, we may access financing sources such as our committed unsecured revolving credit facility or other bank debt. Additional financing depends on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, actions by our regulators, and perceptions held by stakeholders, clients or lenders. Further, the financial strength ratings which various rating organizations publish as a measure of an insurance company’s ability to meet contractholder and policyholder obligations, are important to maintain public confidence in our products, our competitive position, and the ability to market our products. Any future downgrade in our financial strength ratings, or the announced or perceived potential for a downgrade, could potentially have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Ratings agencies have and may continue to increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating organizations’ models for maintenance of ratings levels (including adjusting the framework under which they view our business mix that drives these requirements), or downgrade ratings applied to particular classes of securities or types of institutions, and our ratings could be changed at any time and without any notice by the rating organizations. In addition, rating agencies continually evolve their ratings and other methodologies, and these changes can be to our detriment or benefit and have a material impact on how we view our liquidity and capital. Market conditions or decisions by our ratings agencies that hinder our access to capital may limit our ability to satisfy statutory capital targets, generate fee income and market-related revenue to meet liquidity needs and access the capital necessary to grow our business. As such, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue different types of capital than we would otherwise, less effectively deploy such capital, or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. Business Risks Intense competition, new technologies and the economies of scale for larger competitors could negatively impact our ability to maintain or increase our market share and profitability. Our businesses operate in intensely competitive industries, including broker-dealers, banks, asset managers, insurers and other financial institutions, some of which have a larger market share, greater investments in technology and analytics, greater investment in advertising and brand, less regulation or greater financial resources than we do. Furthermore, new and existing competitors may be better able to address trends, structural changes, or movement of assets resulting from new technologies, including Generative AI and blockchain, or adapt to industry changes or in response to the uncertain regulatory environment in the U.S. and around the world. We could experience lower sales, higher costs, talent loss, technology obsolescence or other developments that could negatively impact our results of operations. A drop in our investment performance as compared to that of our competitors could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. Investment performance is a key competitive factor for our retail and institutional asset management products and services and is a key driver of growing assets under management and advisement and obtaining the benefits of economies of scale. Strong investment performance supports the retention of our products and services by our clients and creates opportunities for new sales of products and services. It may also result in higher ratings by ratings services such as Morningstar or Lipper, which may compound the foregoing effects. There can be no assurance as to how future investment performance will compare to our competitors or that historical performance will be indicative of future returns. Any drop or perceived drop in investment performance as compared to our competitors could cause a decline in sales of our investment products, an increase in redemptions and the termination of asset management relationships. These impacts may reduce our aggregate amount of assets under management and advisement and reduce management fees. Poor investment performance could also adversely affect our ability to expand the distribution of our products through unaffiliated third parties. Further, any drop in market share of mutual funds sales by our advisors or through third party intermediaries, may further reduce profits as sales of other companies’ mutual funds are less profitable than sales of our proprietary funds. We face intense competition in attracting and retaining key talent. Our success relies on attracting, engaging and retaining top talent in an increasingly competitive market. While the job market has cooled in some industries, financial services remains exceptionally competitive for the best talent. We actively manage retention risks and invest in our people to sustain our position as an employer of choice. To expand access to top talent, we have strategically broadened our footprint, ensuring we have the right capabilities in place to support long-term growth. 18 Index Ameriprise Financial, Inc. A robust advisor network underpins our wealth management growth, requiring focused recruitment, retention, and succession planning as demographics shift. In asset management, delivering strong performance and sustaining client relationships depends on the strategic decisions of our portfolio managers and analysts. Regulatory changes and industry trends can alter competitive dynamics or adversely affect our business. Loss of employees or advisors without succession plans increases the risk of client attrition. Prolonged challenges in attracting and retaining talent, or significant increases in related costs, could materially impact our financial performance. The negative performance or default by other financial institutions or other third parties could adversely affect us. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, hedge funds, insurers, reinsurers, investment funds and other institutions. The operations of U.S. and global financial services institutions are interconnected and a decline in the financial condition of one or more financial services institutions may expose us to credit losses or defaults, limit our access to liquidity or otherwise disrupt the operations of our businesses. While we regularly assess our exposure to different industries and counterparties, the performance and financial strength of specific institutions are subject to rapid change, the timing and extent of which cannot be known. Many transactions with and investments in the products and securities of other financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty. With respect to secured transactions, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral we hold cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. We also have exposure to financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt instruments, derivative transactions (including with respect to derivatives hedging our exposure on variable annuity contracts with guaranteed benefits and structured variable annuities), reinsurance, repurchase and underwriting arrangements and equity investments. Any such losses or impairments to the carrying value of these assets could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Issuers of the fixed maturity securities that we own may default on principal and interest payments. Some of our fixed maturity securities may have ratings below investment-grade. Default-related declines in the value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio or consumer credit holdings could cause our net earnings to decline and could also cause us to contribute capital to some of our regulated subsidiaries, which may require us to obtain funding during periods of unfavorable market conditions. Capital and credit market volatility or a sudden devaluation of a specific product or security can exacerbate, and has exacerbated, the risk of third-party defaults, bankruptcy filings, foreclosures, legal actions and other events that may limit the value of or restrict our access and our clients’ access to cash and investments. Although we are not required to do so, we may elect to compensate clients for losses incurred in response to such events, provide clients with temporary credit or liquidity or other support related to products that we manage, or provide credit liquidity or other support to the financial products we manage. If we elect to provide additional support, we could incur losses from the support we provide and incur additional costs, including financing costs, in connection with the support. These losses and additional costs could be material and could adversely impact our results of operations. If we were to take such actions we may also restrict or otherwise utilize our corporate assets, limiting our flexibility to use these assets for other purposes, and may be required to raise additional capital. We may not be able to maintain our unaffiliated third-party distribution channels and the sale of unaffiliated products may diminish sales of our own products. We distribute many of our investment products through unaffiliated third-party advisors and financial institutions. Maintaining and deepening relationships with these unaffiliated distributors is an important part of our growth strategy, as strong third-party distribution arrangements enhance our ability to market our products or service our clients and to increase our assets under management and advisement, revenues and profitability. Access to distribution channels is subject to intense competition due to the large number of competitors and products in the investment advisory industry as well as regulatory and consumer trends driving escalating compliance, disclosure and risk management requirements for distributors. Relationships with our distributors are subject to periodic negotiation that may result in increased distribution costs and/or reductions in the amount of our products marketed. As a result, there can be no assurance that the distribution relationships we have established will continue. Any such reduction in access to (or the economics associated with) third-party distributors may have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products and to generate revenue in our Advice & Wealth Management and Asset Management segments. Further, any increase in the costs to distribute our products or reduction in the type or amount of products made available for sale may have a material effect on our revenues and profitability. The sale of third-party products to our clients (and further expansion of our advisor network’s product suite to include additional products of unaffiliated insurance companies and asset managers) may lower sales of our products, lead to higher surrenders or redemptions, or other developments which might not be fully offset by higher distribution revenues or other benefits, possibly resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations. 19 Index Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Our valuation of fixed maturity and equity securities may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition. Fixed maturity, equity, trading securities and short-term investments, which are reported at fair value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, represent the majority of our total cash and invested assets. The determination of fair values by management in the absence of quoted market prices is based on valuation methodologies, securities we deem to be comparable, and assumptions deemed appropriate given the circumstances. The fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on available market information and judgments about financial instruments, including estimates of the timing and amounts of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer or counterparty. Factors considered in estimating fair value include: coupon rate, maturity, estimated duration, call provisions, sinking fund requirements, credit rating, industry sector of the issuer, current interest rates and credit spreads, and quoted market prices of comparable securities. The use of different methodologies and assumptions may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. During periods of market disruption, including periods of significantly rising or high interest rates and rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities and the value of our securities as reported within our Consolidated Financial Statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. There may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the financial environment. In such cases, the valuation of certain securities may require additional subjectivity and management judgment. As such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable and may require greater estimation as well as valuation methods that are more sophisticated, which may result in values less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. The determination of the amount of allowances taken on certain loans and investments is subject to management’s evaluation and judgment and could materially impact our results of operations or financial position. The determination of the amount of allowances varies by investment type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of inherent and known risks associated with the respective asset class. Management uses its best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for recovery. Inherent in management’s evaluation of the security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. The determination of the amount of allowances on loans is based upon the asset’s expected life, considering past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. Historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances. Some of our investments are relatively illiquid and we may have difficulty selling these investments. We invest a portion of our owned assets in certain privately placed fixed income securities, mortgage loans, and limited partnership interests, all of which are relatively illiquid. These asset classes represented 8% of the carrying value of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2025. If we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of our normal cash requirements, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them for an amount less than we would otherwise have been able to realize, or both, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Insurance Risks If the counterparties to our re

=== AMP_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes in the risk factors provided in Part I, Item 1A of our 2025 10-K. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES The following table presents the information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. or any “affiliated purchaser” (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), of our common stock during the first quarter of 2026: Period (a) (b) (c) (d) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) January 1 to January 31, 2026 Share repurchase program (1) 198,010 $ 505.48 198,010 $ 2,513,724,691 Employee transactions (2) 169,841 $ 504.49 N/A N/A February 1 to February 28, 2026 Share repurchase program (1) 703,961 $ 497.26 703,961 $ 2,163,671,021 Employee transactions (2) 27,904 $ 530.40 N/A N/A March 1 to March 31, 2026 Share repurchase program (1) 734,082 $ 454.20 734,082 $ 1,830,251,953 Employee transactions (2) 2,532 $ 453.24 N/A N/A Totals Share repurchase program (1) 1,636,053 $ 478.93 1,636,053 Employee transactions (2) 200,277 $ 507.45 N/A 1,836,330 1,636,053 N/A Not applicable. (1) On April 22, 2025, our Board of Directors authorized $4.5 billion for the repurchase of our common stock through June 30, 2027. The share repurchase program does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares, and depending on market conditions and other factors, these purchases may be commenced or suspended at any time without prior notice. Acquisitions under the share repurchase program may be made in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or block trades or other means. (2) Includes restricted shares withheld pursuant to the terms of awards under the Company’s share-based compensation plans to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon vesting and release of restricted shares. The value of the restricted shares withheld is the closing price of common stock of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. on the date the relevant transaction occurs. Also includes shares withheld pursuant to the net settlement of Non-Qualified Stock Option (“NQSO”) exercises to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon exercise and to cover the strike price of the NQSO. The value of the shares withheld pursuant to the net settlement of NQSO exercises is the closing price of common stock of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. on the day prior to the date the relevant transaction occurs. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer of the Company adopted , modified or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 88 Index AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL, INC. ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we have filed certain agreements as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These agreements may contain representations and warranties by the parties. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other party or parties to such agreements and (i) may have been qualified by disclosures made to such other party or parties, (ii) were made only as of the date of such agreements or such other date(s) as may be specified in such agreements and are subject to more recent developments, which may not be fully reflected in our public disclosure, (iii) may reflect the allocation of risk among the parties to such agreements and (iv) may apply materiality standards different from what may be viewed as material to investors. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe our actual state of affairs at the date hereof and should not be relied upon. The following exhibits are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The exhibit numbers followed by an asterisk (*) indicate exhibits electronically filed herewith. All other exhibit numbers indicate exhibits previously filed and are hereby incorporated herein by reference. Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on May 1, 2014). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on April 26, 2024). 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 1-32525, filed on February 20, 2025). 4.1 Form of Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to Form 10 Registration Statement, File No. 1-32525, filed on August 19, 2005). Other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the registrant are omitted pursuant to Section (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the SEC upon request. 10.1 *† Threadneedle Deferral Plan Deferred Stock Unit and Deferred Stock Option Programme Guide. 10. 2 *† Deferred Stock Unit Award Certificate - Threadneedle Deferral Plan (for grants after February 2, 2026). 10. 3 *† Deferred Stock Option Award Certificate - Threadneedle Deferral Plan (for grants after February 2, 2026). 10. 4 *† Performance Share Unit Supplement to the Senior Executive Global Long-Term Incentive Award Program Guide. 31.1 * Certification of James M. Cracchiolo pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 * Certification of Walter S. Berman pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32 * Certification of James M. Cracchiolo and Walter S. Berman pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from Ameriprise Financial, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2026 are formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025; and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 The cover page from Ameriprise Financial, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2026 is formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. * Filed electronically herewithin. † Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement 89 Index AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL, INC. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL, INC. (Registrant) Date: May 7, 2026 By: /s/ Walter S. Berman Walter S. Berman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: May 7, 2026 By: /s/ Dawn M. Brockman Dawn M. Brockman Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 90 