=== GDDY_2026-04-24.htm.gz ===
gddy-20260423 0001609711 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0001609711 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001609711 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001609711 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001609711 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001609711 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001609711 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 GoDaddy Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a 6(i)(1) and 0 11 A Message from Our Board Chair Dear Fellow Stockholders, In my letter last year, I noted how fascinating it was to witness the pace of AI-driven developments across the company, and this year we ve built substantially further on that momentum. The pace of change around the world and across industries has accelerated rapidly. At GoDaddy, we continue to adapt with agility while remaining disciplined and steady in our execution, never losing focus on what matters most, our customers. I am particularly proud of how our management team is leading the company through this period. Our teams ability to move with urgency, embrace experimentation, and remain focused on delivering the tools and solutions our customers need to start and grow their businesses, is what sets us apart and sets the company up for long-term success. GoDaddy s AI Journey GoDaddy s AI journey has advanced over the last two years with a continued focus on adaptability and discipline grounded in data-driven insights. We know small businesses need trusted tools that are reliable, secure and work seamlessly together, allowing them to focus on growing their businesses. Our leadership in domains, combined with insights from more than 20 million customers, gives us a differentiated advantage that positions us to effectively develop and deploy the AI-powered tools and solutions that entrepreneurs need to grow. We are focused on delivering AI in a way that is accessible, practical and supported, meeting our customers needs and helping them succeed. AI is also transforming our operations, helping to drive efficiencies and improve productivity. Teams across our functions are leveraging AI tools to build new products and features faster, streamline workflows and enhance decision-making. These efforts are unlocking time for our employees to experiment and innovate, helping us better serve our customers jobs to be done. Agentic Open Internet Agent Name Service As AI shapes the next era of the internet, we expect agent-driven interactions to play a central role. We refer to this as the Agentic Open Internet. This new era, where agents will increasingly transact, interact, and operate autonomously online, needs an infrastructure that will help ensure a safe and secure experience. We believe the infrastructure is Agent Name Service (ANS), a global, open standard based on the same core infrastructure that powers today s internet, the domain name system (DNS) and public key infrastructure (PKI). Establishing a trusted digital identity and naming infrastructure is foundational to the Agentic Open Internet. As the first public implementation, we built GoDaddy ANS based on the global, open standard using our DNS and PKI expertise so anyone can register and verify agents in minutes. We remain committed to playing a leading role in shaping the development and adoption of ANS as a global, open standard. Responsible Oversight As the Chair of GoDaddy s Board, I would be remiss if I didn t address how we are ensuring responsible and effective oversight of the company s AI journey. As I shared in 2025, the full Board maintains oversight of the company s development, deployment and use of AI. The Board s expertise across technology, cybersecurity, finance and operations supports engaged and informed oversight as the company advances along this journey. In addition, our directors continue to build their skills and experience in AI through their memberships in relevant industry associations, ongoing director education and engagement with these topics both inside and outside the boardroom. We also continue to listen to and learn from you, our stockholders, engaging on a bi-annual basis to better understand your perspectives and sharing constructive feedback with the Board. Given stockholders interest in our AI journey, we ve added an AI-oversight section to this proxy statement that provides more transparency around how our Board, leadership team and employees are overseeing responsible AI at GoDaddy. Financial Strength Our ability to adapt and take advantage of the opportunities AI unlocks is enabled by our financial strength and disciplined capital allocation. In 2025, we generated net income of $875.0 million, representing a net income margin of 17.7 percent. We also generated over $1.6 billion in normalized EBITDA (NEBITDA) and expanded our NEBITDA margin to 32 percent, contributing to more than 1,000 basis points of expansion over the past five years. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.6 billion, and we generated $1.6 billion in free cash flow, up 19 percent year over year, which we deployed to repurchase 10.2 million shares while continuing to invest thoughtfully in growth initiatives.* In 2026, we will continue to thoughtfully evaluate the best ways to deploy our capital to innovate for our customers and drive long-term stockholder value. Looking Ahead I am incredibly excited about the opportunities ahead. We are positioned to thrive as the Agentic Open Internet develops, allowing us to advance our purpose to make opportunity more inclusive for all as we continue to execute our strategy, support our customers and deliver long-term stockholder value. On behalf of the Board of Directors, we thank our team globally for their commitment, resilience and relentless focus on serving our customers during this transformative period and you, our stockholders, for your continued trust and investment. * All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise specified. Normalized EBITDA (NEBITDA), NEBITDA margin and free cash flow are not financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). For information on how we compute these non-GAAP financial measures and other operating metrics and for a reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, please refer to Appendix A Operating and Business Metrics, Non-GAAP Financial Information and Reconciliations in this Proxy Statement. Best, Brian Sharples Board Chair Notice of Virtual Annual Meeting of Stockholders DATE AND TIME: VIRTUAL MEETING SITE: WHO CAN VOTE: Wednesday, June 3, 2026, 8:00 a.m. PDT www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/GDDY2026 Stockholders of record on Monday, April 6, 2026 Dear Stockholders of GoDaddy Inc.: You are cordially invited to the 2026 virtual annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of GoDaddy Inc., a Delaware corporation ( GoDaddy or the Company ). The Annual Meeting will be held virtually on Wednesday, June 3, 2026, at 8:00 a.m. PDT via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GDDY2026 . You can attend the Annual Meeting online, vote your shares electronically and submit questions during the Annual Meeting by visiting the webcast and using the 16-digit control number on your notice or proxy card (the Control Number ). We recommend you access the website a few minutes before the meeting to ensure that you are logged in when the meeting starts. Items of Business At the Annual Meeting, stockholders will be asked to vote on the proposals listed below. Our Board recommends that stockholders vote FOR each of the proposals at this Annual Meeting. We will also transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. 1 Election of directors Aman Bhutani, Herald Chen, Caroline Donahue, Mark Garrett, Brian Sharples, Graham Smith, Leah Sweet, Srini Tallapragada and Sigal Zarmi Page 10 FOR each nominee 2 Advisory, non-binding vote to approve named executive officer compensation Page 32 FOR 3 Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 Page 62 FOR 4 Approval of the GoDaddy Inc. Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan Page 64 FOR Such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS GoDaddy s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting to Be Held on Wednesday, June 3, 2026 and GoDaddy s 2025 Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com . YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Whether or not you plan to virtually attend the Annual Meeting, we urge you to submit your vote via the Internet, telephone or mail as soon as possible to ensure your shares are represented . This notice and Proxy Statement is first being mailed or made available on the Internet to stockholders on or about April 23, 2026. INTERNET www.proxyvote.com TELEPHONE 1-800-690-6903 MAIL Complete and mail your proxy card DURING THE VIRTUAL MEETING www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/GDDY2026 How to Vote If you are a stockholder of record, there are four ways to vote: 1. By Internet : You may vote your shares online at www.proxyvote.com , 24 hours a day, seven days a week, until 11:59 p.m. EDT on Tuesday, June 2, 2026 (have your proxy card available when you visit the website). 2. By Telephone : You may vote your shares by calling 1-800-690-6903 toll-free (have your proxy card available when you call). 3. By Mail : If you received printed proxy materials, you may vote your shares by completing, signing, dating and returning your proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided. 4. During the Virtual Meeting : You may vote your shares during the virtual Annual Meeting through live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GDDY2026 . You can attend the Annual Meeting, vote your shares and submit questions during the Annual Meeting by attending the webcast and using your Control Number. We recommend that you access the website a few minutes before the meeting to ensure you are logged in when the meeting starts. If you are a street-name stockholder, you will receive voting instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee. You must follow the voting instructions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee in order to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares. Our Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on Monday, April 6, 2026 as the record date for the Annual Meeting (the Record Date ). Only stockholders of record on the Record Date are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. Further information regarding voting rights and the matters to be voted upon is presented in the accompanying Proxy Statement. We appreciate your continued support of GoDaddy, and we are excited to either greet you at the Annual Meeting or to receive your proxy. By Order of the Board of Directors, Jared F. Sine Chief Strategy and Legal Officer Tempe, Arizona April 23, 2026 Table of Contents About GoDaddy 1 Our Company 1 Company Highlights 2 2025 Financial and Business Highlights 2 Sustainability Highlights 3 Proxy Summary 4 Our Board of Directors 4 Governance Profile 5 Executive Compensation 6 Other Management Proposals 8 Stockholder Engagement 9 Board and Governance Matters 10 Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors 10 Nomination Process 10 Director Nominees 10 Board Governance 16 Board Leadership Structure 16 Board Composition 16 Director Independence 18 Director Onboarding and Education 27 Other Public Company Board and Audit Committee Service 18 B oard Committee s and Meetings 19 Assessment of Board and Committee Effectiveness 22 Board Risk Oversight 23 Stockholder Engagement Approach and Philosophy 26 Other Governance Policies 27 Non-Employee Director Compensation 29 Executive Officers 31 Executive Compensation 32 Executive Compensation 32 Proposal No. 2 Advisory Non-Binding Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 32 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 33 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 50 Executive Compensation Tables 51 CEO Pay Ratio 58 Pay versus Performance 59 Audit Matters 62 Proposal No. 3 Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Year Ending December 31, 2026 62 Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 63 Pre-Approval Policy and Auditor Independence 63 Report of the Audit and Risk Committee 63 Other Management Proposals 64 Proposal No. 4 Approval of the GoDaddy Inc. Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan 64 Background 64 Consideration s for the Approval of the Amended Omnibus Plan 65 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial O wners and Management 73 Certain Relationships and Related-Party and Other Transactions 75 Additional Infor mation and Frequently Asked Questions About this Proxy Statement and the Annual Meeting 76 Appendices 82 Appendix A 82 Appendix B 85 [Page intentionally blank] About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information About GoDaddy The following sections about our Company and our performance, as well as our proxy summary, include highlights of information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. You should carefully read this Proxy Statement in its entirety before voting, as these sections do not contain all of the information that you should consider. Our Company GoDaddy is a global leader serving a large market of entrepreneurs, developing and delivering easy-to-use products as a one-stop shop solution provider, alongside proactive, informed and personalized guidance. We serve individual entrepreneurs, organizations, developers, designers and domain investors. Our purpose is to make opportunity more inclusive for all (the GoDaddy Purpose ). Our 20+ million customers are passionate and determined to transform their ideas into something meaningful. They often face a complex road to success, and our ability to build solutions and tools that simplify their journey, focused on our customers fundamental jobs to be done, uniquely positions us to help them navigate their individual journeys. Each customer s journey is unique, and oftentimes non-linear and iterative in nature. We design our solutions and tools to help our customers across all aspects of their businesses and to assist them in growing across what we call the Entrepreneur's Wheel. The Entrepreneur s Wheel represents our customers needs within three main focus areas: identity, presence and commerce. As the needs of our customers change and expand, we continue to evolve our solutions and tools to meet them where they are on the Entrepreneur's Wheel. Our stable and durable business model is driven by strong brand recognition, efficient customer acquisition, high customer retention rates, increasing lifetime spend of our customers and our ability to attract high-intent customers. Our customer retention rate was approximately 85% for the year ended December 31, 2025 and we had over 2.0 million customers, each of whom spent more than $500 a year on our product offerings. We believe the breadth and depth of our product offerings, seamless ease-of-use in a one-stop shop and the high-quality, personalized guidance and responsiveness from GoDaddy Guides continue to help us build strong customer relationships leading to our high customer retention rates. 20+ million Customers 1 80+ million Domains Under Management 1 1 As of December 31, 2025. Additional information about our Company can be found on our corporate website and in our 2025 Annual Report. Please visit aboutus.godaddy.net/about-us and our investor relations site aboutus.godaddy.net/investor-relations. GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Company Highlights 2025 Financial and Business Highlights In 2025, we demonstrated strong operational execution and financial performance while also advancing the GoDaddy Purpose. Our strategy, to relentlessly focus on creating customer value and to drive profitable growth, is propelling us towards our North Star of maximizing free cash flow over the long term while sustaining long-term stockholder value. For our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, we delivered a strong year of financial performance and execution, key highlights of which are below 2 : Financial and Business Highlights Total Revenue Bookings Net Income $5.0 B $5.4 B $0.9 B an increase of 8% on a reported and constant currency basis 1 an increase of 7% on a reported and constant currency basis 1 a decrease of 7% 2 , representing an 18% net income margin Normalized EBITDA Net Cash from Operating Activities Free Cash Flow $1.6 B $1.6 B $1.6 B an increase of 14%, representing a 32% NEBITDA margin 1 an increase of 24% an increase of 19% Our AI Journey Pricing and Bundling Seamless Experience Commerce Continued expansion of AI-powered capabilities with the transformation of GoDaddy Airo into an agentic Airo.ai platform with 25+ agents in production Expanded go-to-market approach with a streamlined purchase experience for new domain customers Improved conversion, attach rates and renewal rates by applying our large-scale experimentation engine Gross payments volume grew to $3.4 billion, up 31% year-over-year Reduced cycle times and increased development velocity by having AI tools generate the majority of code Leveraged AI-driven coding to accelerate partner integrations and bundle testing Expanded optimization work to include more end-to-end flows across the customer journey, using AI to personalize recommendations and refine design in real time Launched GoDaddy Capital, a merchant cash advance program for eligible users Deployed GoDaddy Agent Name Service (ANS) built on a global, open standard to establish a trusted identity layer protocol for agents in the emerging open Internet Provided greater value and choice for customers with tailored bundles to simplify decision-making and deepen engagement across our platform Expanded GoDaddy's lineup of innovative point-of-sale smart terminals with the introduction of Smart Terminal Pro 1 All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise specified. Bookings is an operating metric and Normalized EBITDA (NEBITDA) and NEBITDA margin are not financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). For a discussion of constant currency, information on how we compute Bookings and other operating metrics and for a reconciliation between each non-GAAP financial measure and its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, please refer to Appendix A Operating and Business Metrics, Non-GAAP Financial Information and Reconciliations in this Proxy Statement. 2 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2025 included a one-time benefit for the recognition of an uncertain tax position of $34.6 million. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2024 included a non-routine, non-cash benefit to income taxes of $267.4 million due to the conversion of a subsidiary from a partnership to a disregarded entity for U.S. income tax purposes. Additional information about our business and financial results can be found in our 2025 Annual Report and our other SEC filings. Please visit aboutus.godaddy.net/about-us and our investor relations site aboutus.godaddy.net/investor-relations. 2 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Sustainability Highlights We aim to promote a sustainable and inclusive future. Our 2025 environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) initiatives reflect our dedication to positively impacting the communities we serve, empowering entrepreneurs everywhere, ensuring ethical business practices and encouraging responsible innovation while driving business value and minimizing our environmental footprint. Highlights of our 2025 sustainability priorities and initiatives are below: Customers Communities Our customers and the communities in which we operate are at the heart of the GoDaddy Purpose. Customer Experience Our personalized support at every stage of the entrepreneurial journey sets us apart and helped us earn an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau. Inclusive Entrepreneurship GoDaddy Empower, our signature social impact program, supports emerging entrepreneurs with starting and growing their businesses online through technology and targeted grant funding delivered through trusted partners. In 2025, Empower invested more than $2.7 million to support entrepreneurs. Community Engagement GoDaddy employees volunteered nearly 4,400 hours and donated approximately $800,000 through employee-led efforts, volunteer rewards, corporate funds and matching donations. People Culture A thriving workplace culture drives our success. Employee Engagement Engaging a global workforce means fostering connection, collaboration and a shared sense of purpose. We use insights from GoDaddy Voice, our employee survey, to strengthen our culture and create a positive, inclusive work environment. Learning Development We are committed to fostering a culture of continuous learning and development. Through AI training that builds confidence, fluency and practical skills, we re expanding employee capabilities to enhance productivity, creativity and customer experience. Responsible Governance Operations We uphold the highest standards of ethics, compliance and accountability. Ethical Conduct Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics helps ensure integrity at every level. To hold ourselves to the highest ethical standards, we included updates in 2025 to reflect GoDaddy s evolving business, potential risks and responsibilities. Responsible AI As AI evolves, we continue to adapt our policies and practices to serve and empower entrepreneurs. Our Responsible AI Principles detail our commitment to using artificial intelligence responsibly and ethically to advance the GoDaddy Purpose. Environmental Impact We continue to take decisive action toward environmental sustainability. GHG Emissions Reduction We maintained an approximately 88% reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions from our 2019 baseline. Energy Use Reduction We drove more than 50% reduction in energy usage from a 2019 baseline through our focus on energy efficiency, supporting our emissions objectives while driving operational value through improved performance and cost efficiency. To read more about our sustainability strategies, practices, programs and disclosures, please visit: https://aboutus.godaddy.net/investor-relations/esg/default.aspx. For more information on our Governance Committee s oversight of such strategies, practices, programs and disclosures, please see the section Board Risk Oversight. GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Proxy Summary Our Board of Directors Proposal No. 1 Election of directors begins on page 10 of this Proxy Statement The Board of Directors (the Board ) has nominated the following directors for election at the Annual Meeting, each for a one-year term that expires at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation, death or removal. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR each of the nominees named in Proposal No. 1. Name and Principal Occupation Age Independent Director Since Board Committees Amanpal (Aman) Bhutani Chief Executive Officer, GoDaddy 50 2019 Herald Chen Former President and Chief Financial Officer, AppLovin 56 2014 A Caroline Donahue Former Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Sales Officer, Intuit 65 2018 N (Ch) C Mark Garrett Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Adobe 68 2018 A (Ch) Brian Sharples Board Chair Co-founder and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, HomeAway 65 2016 Graham Smith Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Salesforce 66 2024 A C Leah Sweet Former Senior Vice President, PayPal 57 2020 C (Ch) N Srinivas (Srini) Tallapragada President and Chief Engineering and Customer Success Officer, Salesforce 56 2023 N Sigal Zarmi Senior Advisor, Boston Consulting Group 62 2023 A COMMITTEES A Audit and Risk Committee ( Audit Committee ) N Nominating and Governance Committee (the Governance Committee ) C Compensation and Human Capital Committee ( Compensation Committee ) (Ch) Committee Chair TENURE 4 years 3 /9 4-6 years 2 /9 7+ years 4 /9 AGE 41-55 years 1 /9 56-65 years 6 /9 66+ years 2 /9 4 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Skills and Experience Our Board has identified the following skills and experiences as important in ensuring that our directors collectively possess the necessary core skills and specific areas of expertise to provide effective oversight of our Company and our long-term strategic growth. Technology Experience 6 /9 Global Experience 8 /9 Emerging Technology Expertise 5 /9 Sales Marketing Experience 4 /9 Strategic Planning Experience 8 /9 Human Capital / Executive Compensation Experience 4 /9 Public Company Leadership Experience 9 /9 Public Company Board Experience 8 /9 Financial / Accounting Experience 5 /9 Risk Management / Compliance / Cybersecurity Experience 7 /9 Corporate Governance Experience 5 /9 Governance Profile Our corporate governance framework lays the foundation for effective oversight and management accountability and enables us to remain competitive in the dynamic environment in which we operate. We are committed to good corporate governance and ensuring our practices are aligned with our strategic priorities. The following list highlights our corporate governance practices: Independent Board Chair 100% independent committee members Annual election of directors Majority vote standard for director elections with director resignation policy No supermajority voting requirement Robust Board, committee and director self-evaluation process Board guidelines related to service on other public company boards and audit committees Disclosure of director skills matrix on an individual basis Responsive stockholder engagement program Robust and deliberate succession planning process Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for directors, officers and employees Annual review of committee charters and governance policies Regular meetings of independent directors without management Formalized Governance Committee oversight of sustainability matters Formalized Compensation Committee oversight of human capital management Formalized Audit Committee oversight of cybersecurity For more information about our Board, including their biographical information, please see the section Director Nominees beginning on page 10 . GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Executive Compensation Proposal No. 2 Advisory, non-binding vote to approve named executive officer compensation begins on page 32 of this Proxy Statement We are providing stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve, on an advisory, non-binding basis, the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and our other named executive officers ( NEOs ). The Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the approval of the compensation of our NEOs. Compensation Overview and 2025 Compensation Program The Compensation Committee, which is responsible for the Company s executive compensation policies and plans, is committed to designing a compensation program that promotes pay for performance , is competitive, fair and equitable , rewards the delivery of stockholder value and is responsive to stockholder feedback . Our Compensation Committee and management strive to ensure the Company s compensation programs and policies are aligned with best practices. The following list highlights our compensation practices: WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DON T DO Annual Say-on-Pay vote Cap on maximum payouts for each NEO under our short-term incentive plan Independent compensation consultant engaged by the Compensation Committee Equity ownership guidelines for our CEO (6X annual base), other executive officers (2X annual base) and non-employee directors (5X annual cash retainer) Clawback policies on incentive compensation Ongoing engagement with our stockholders regarding our compensation practices Annual compensation review and risk assessment No hedging of shares by officers or directors under any circumstances No pledging of shares by officers, directors or employees No tax gross-ups to cover excise taxes No resetting of performance targets No single trigger change in control payments No excessive perquisites No evergreen provisions in our equity plan Given the positive Say-on-Pay result at our 2024 annual meeting and perspectives from stockholder engagement, the Compensation Committee approved a 2025 compensation program with similar core design features as the 2024 program, with one important change to the short-term incentive plan. For 2025, the committee approved a reweighting of the STIP metrics to utilize Bookings and NEBITDA, and to remove revenue and unlevered free cash flow. For more on this change, see the section Corporate Performance Goals, Performance Cap and Results. The target mix of compensation provided to our CEO and the average of our other NEOs is set forth below followed by a summary of the compensation program elements. Roughly 94% and 92% of CEO total target pay and other NEOs (average) pay, respectively, is considered variable and at risk. CEO Other NEOs (average) 6 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Compensation Program Elements Base Salary (Fixed) Establishes competitive pay that properly incentivizes executive officers day-to-day responsibilities Targeted at competitive levels and based on past experience and expected future contributions 2025 Short-Term Incentive Plan (Variable) Provides appropriate incentives for our executive officers to work collaboratively as a team to achieve important financial, business and strategic goals in our operating plan and to reward individual contributions; for the 2025 STIP, the Compensation Committee chose to move from four to two corporate performance metrics, utilizing NEBITDA and Bookings, weighted equally, and discontinuing the use of revenue and unlevered free cash flow 80% - Corporate Performance Goal 50% NEBITDA 50% Bookings 20% - Individual Performance Goal 2025 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Variable) Strengthens the alignment between the interests of our executive officers and those of our stockholders by tying vesting of awards to achievement of relative total stockholder return ( rTSR ), which incentivizes driving long-term stockholder value and promotes executive officer retention by linking vesting to continued employment 50% Performance Stock Units ( PSUs ) 100% rTSR performance metric measured against the Nasdaq Internet Index Cliff vest after a 3-year performance period 50% Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ) Vest quarterly over 3-years For more information about our compensation program, please review our Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 33 . GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Other Management Proposals Ratification of the Appointment of Ernst Young LLP Proposal No. 3 Ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 begins on page 62 of this Proxy Statement At the Annual Meeting, our stockholders are being asked to ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP. GoDaddy Inc. Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan Proposal No. 4 Approval of the GoDaddy Inc. Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan begins on page 64 of this Proxy Statement On April 16, 2026, upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, the Board approved the GoDaddy Inc. Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, subject to approval by our stockholders. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the approval of the GoDaddy Inc. Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 8 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Stockholder Engagement As part of our robust governance framework, we maintain a year-round engagement program that provides our stockholders the opportunity to share their perspectives with our teams at key points in the year or at times requested. 1 Offered Meetings 62.4% of our shares outstanding Engaged in Discussions 41.1% of our shares outstanding Engaged with Director 32.1% of our shares outstanding In 2025, we met with stockholders representing 41.1% of our shares outstanding. As part of these conversations, we discussed a range of topics, including: Governance and Board Matters Board Leadership and Composition Director Refreshment, Evaluation Education Board and Committee Risk Oversight (including AI risk oversight) Governance Practices Executive Compensation Executive Compensation Program (Say-on-Pay received a 92.4% approval at our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders) Environmental and Social Matters Human Capital Management Environmental Sustainability Data Privacy and Cybersecurity 2025 Engagement Topic Highlights The Agentic Open Internet, ANS and AI Oversight As AI agents rapidly proliferate and begin interacting with one another, establishing trusted identity and verification standards and infrastructure is becoming increasingly critical to maintaining the integrity and security of the open internet. We believe that infrastructure is ANS, a global, open standard based on the same core infrastructure that powers today s internet, the Domain Name System ( DNS ) and public key infrastructure ( PKI ). In addition to driving adoption of ANS as the global, open standard for the agentic internet, given our scale, leadership and longstanding DNS and PKI expertise, GoDaddy implemented the first public implementation of ANS with, GoDaddy ANS. GoDaddy ANS serves as a trust layer for AI-powered agents, enabling secure identification and interaction. Anyone can register an agent with GoDaddy ANS and verify agents within minutes. Our Board and committees continue to provide oversight of the risks and opportunities, related to our AI initiatives, including ANS, as part of their broader risk oversight responsibilities. For more on the Board s AI oversight, see the section Board Risk Oversight. Committee Refreshment The Board regularly reviews committee composition and leadership as part of its broader refreshment and succession planning efforts. In June 2025, the Board implemented several committee changes to align director expertise with committee responsibilities and support continued effective oversight. Leah Sweet was appointed Chair of the Compensation Committee, Caroline Donahue was appointed Chair of the Governance Committee, and Graham Smith was appointed as a member of the Compensation Committee. These updates reflect the Board s commitment to thoughtful committee refreshment, development of Board leadership and alignment of committee oversight with GoDaddy s strategic priorities and evolving business needs. For more on these matters, see the section Committee Composition, Independence and Refreshment. Board and Director Education Our Board and management team are committed to ensuring that all directors have access to ongoing, continuing education programs and membership or participation in professional organizations that support effective oversight and informed decision-making. In 2025, directors received training, updates and presentations from internal and external experts on topics including AI developments, opportunities and integration; cybersecurity and information security risk; M A landscape; regulatory/compliance developments; and other matters. Executive Compensation Our executive compensation program received 92.4% support at our 2025 Annual Meeting. Our Compensation Committee continues to review and design plans that aim to promote pay for performance and instill competition, all while providing fair and equitable pay that delivers stockholder value. 1 All percentages are presented as of February 24, 2026. For more information about our year-round engagement program please see the section Stockholder Engagement Approach and Philosophy on page 26 . GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Board and Governance Matters Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR each of the nominees named in this Proposal No. 1 Our business affairs are managed by our management team under the direction of our Board. At the recommendation of the Governance Committee, the Board nominated Aman Bhutani, Herald Chen, Caroline Donahue, Mark Garrett, Brian Sharples, Graham Smith, Leah Sweet, Srini Tallapragada and Sigal Zarmi to serve as our directors. Each nominee is currently a member of our Board. If elected, the nominees will serve one-year terms that expire at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation, death or removal. Required Vote The Company s Third Amended and Restated Bylaws ( Bylaws ) provide for majority voting for uncontested director elections. Each incumbent director nominated for election at the Annual Meeting will only be elected if the votes FOR such director s election exceed the votes AGAINST their election. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, each director nominee must tender an irrevocable conditional resignation to the Company that, subject to our Governance Committee s recommendation and our Board s acceptance thereof, will become effective following the Annual Meeting in the event that such nominee does not receive a majority of the votes cast. If applicable, the Company will publicly disclose the Board s decision and rationale within 90 days of the stockholder vote. Nomination Process Our Governance Committee and Board have evaluated each of the director nominees recommended by our Board against the factors and principles GoDaddy uses to select director nominees. Based on this evaluation, our Governance Committee and Board have concluded that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders for each of the proposed nominees to serve as a director of GoDaddy. The Board believes that all of these nominees have a strong track record of being responsible stewards of stockholders interests and bring extraordinarily valuable insight, perspective and expertise to the Board. Each nominee has agreed to be named in this Proxy Statement and to serve if elected until their successor is duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier resignation, death or removal. Should any nominee be unable to serve, the persons designated as proxies reserve full discretion to vote for another person or the Board may reduce its size. Set forth below are the names and certain information about the director nominees. For more information on the director nominees, including regarding their independence, see the section Board Governance. Director Nominees Set forth below are the biographies of each director, including information regarding each director s business experience, director positions held currently or historically and the skills, experiences, qualifications and attributes that caused the Governance Committee to determine that each individual is qualified to serve as a director of the Company. For more detailed discussion of the Board s composition, including how the Governance Committee and the Board continue to review the makeup of the Board in relation to the Company s strategy and future outlook, as well as a matrix depicting notable skills and areas of focus for each director, see the section Board Composition. 10 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Amanpal (Aman) Bhutani, Chief Executive Officer Chief Executive Officer, GoDaddy Age: 50 Director since: 2019 Other Current Board Service: The New York Times Company (since September 2018) Zero Link Markets, Inc. (private) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Chief executive officer, GoDaddy Inc., September 2019 to present President of the Brand Expedia Group, Expedia Group, Inc., June 2015 to September 2019 Vice president and senior vice president of Expedia Worldwide Engineering, Expedia Group, Inc., May 2010 to June 2015 Technology senior director, JPMorgan Chase and Co., September 2008 to May 2010 Senior vice president of e-commerce technology, Washington Mutual Inc. (acquired by JPMorgan Chase and Co.), 2002 to 2008 SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Bhutani gained extensive technological expertise from his collective experiences in senior leadership roles at digital and consumer-facing companies, giving him a highly relevant perspective on our innovation efforts as we position the Company for further growth. Mr. Bhutani has over 20 years of experience in technical, management and leadership roles, ushering brands into new eras of innovation and integrating emerging and leading technologies to enhance the customer experience. His leadership and strategic planning experience as president of Brand Expedia Group s global business operations positions him well to lead the Company as we continue our global growth. Brian Sharples Board Chair Co-founder, Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, HomeAway Age: 65 Director since: 2016 Other Current Board Service: Ally Financial Inc. (since August 2018) eBay Inc. (since March 2026) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Co-founder and chief executive officer, HomeAway, Inc., April 2004 to September 2016 FORMER BOARD EXPERIENCE Former director, Avalara, Inc., March 2020 to October 2022 (private) Former director, Yelp Inc., March 2019 to June 2022 (public) Former director, Fexy Media, 2015 to 2023 (private) Former board chair, HomeAway, Inc., April 2004 to December 2015 (public) Former director, RetailMeNot, Inc., August 2011 to May 2017 (public) SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Sharples gained extensive experience as an executive in the technology industry and through his entrepreneurial leadership throughout his career. As the co-founder and former chief executive officer of HomeAway, Inc., a global online marketplace, he deeply understands the risks and opportunities involved with operating a global, consumer-centric technology company. The Board greatly benefits from his expertise in technology brand strategy and his knowledge navigating strategic transactions in the technology and e-commerce space as both an executive and a director. Mr. Sharples s extensive public company board experience brings to the Board a thorough understanding of corporate governance, human capital management, executive compensation and oversight of risk and management. GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Herald Chen Former President and Chief Financial Officer, AppLovin Corporation Age: 56 Director since: 2014 Committee Membership: Audit Committee Member Other Current Board Service: AppLovin Corporation (since August 2018) Internet Brands, Inc. (private) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Advisor to the chief executive officer, AppLovin Corporation, January 2024 to present President and chief financial officer, AppLovin Corporation, November 2019 to January 2024 Head of technology, media and telecom, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P., April 2007 to October 2019 FORMER BOARD EXPERIENCE Former board chair, BMC Software, Inc., October 2018 to October 2019 (private) Former board chair, Optiv Inc., December 2016 to October 2019 (private) Former board chair, Epicor Software Corporation, August 2016 to October 2019 (private) SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Chen s deep background in the technology industry and his former role as AppLovin s chief financial officer, where he led a large technology platform with a global presence, provide him with unique and current insights into leadership and strategic planning in the digital market space. As a former investment professional who was instrumental in defining strategy and driving success across many technology companies, Mr. Chen brings to the Board deep operational and management expertise and governance and oversight of the business. As a member of our Audit Committee, and through his roles as chair at various companies, Mr. Chen brings to the Board a deep understanding of financial and accounting matters, as well as risk management expertise. Caroline Donahue Former Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Sales Officer, Intuit Age: 65 Director since: 2018 Committee Membership: Governance Committee Chair; Compensation Committee Member Other Current Board Service: Experian plc (since January 2017) Versapay Corporation (private) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Chief marketing and sales officer and executive vice president, Intuit Inc., August 2012 to September 2016 Senior vice president of sales and channel marketing, Intuit Inc., May 1995 until August 2012 SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS As the former chief marketing and sales officer of a large technology company, Ms. Donahue provides extensive knowledge of international markets with consumer sales and growth, which is particularly relevant to our global business and strategic focus on customer growth. The Board and leadership team benefit from Ms. Donahue s insight and extensive experience in mass-market, digital, multi-channel and business-to-consumer distribution, marketing and brand and sales management. Ms. Donahue also offers strong insight to the Board and our leadership team on innovation and consumer-centricity within a consumer-facing technology company. Through her public and private company board experience, Ms. Donahue understands issues pertaining to human capital management, risk management and oversight and corporate governance. 12 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Mark Garrett Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Adobe Age: 68 Director since: 2018 Committee Membership: Audit Committee Chair Other Current Board Service: Snowflake, Inc. (since April 2018) Cisco Systems, Inc. (since April 2018) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Senior advisor, Permira, June 2021 to present Senior advisor, General Atlantic, June 2018 to June 2021 Executive vice president and chief financial officer, Adobe Systems Incorporated, February 2007 to April 2018 Senior vice president and chief financial officer, Software Group of EMC Corporation (formerly Documentum, Inc.), August 2002 to January 2007 and 1997 to 1999, including through its acquisition by EMC Corporation FORMER BOARD EXPERIENCE Former director, NightDragon Acquisition Corp., March 2021 to December 2022 (public) Former director, HireRight, LLC, November 2018 to October 2021 (private) Former director, Pure Storage, Inc., July 2015 to December 2021 (public) SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Garrett s executive leadership roles at EMC and Adobe enable him to provide invaluable insight to our management and Board on long-term strategic, financial and capital planning and financial performance. His ability to complete one of the largest and fastest strategic transitions to a cloud-based subscription model at Adobe gives him an important perspective when guiding our management team through areas of growth and evolution. As a senior advisor at Permira, Mr. Garrett adds to his depth of understanding of technology companies. His extensive financial and accounting experience through his public company directorships, and particularly his role as audit committee chair and member at other technology companies, allows him to provide extensive financial and accounting expertise to enable effective oversight as the chair of our Audit Committee and member of the Board. Graham Smith Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Salesforce Age: 66 Director since: 2024 Committee Membership: Audit Committee Member; Compensation Committee Member Other Current Board Service: Axon Enterprise, Inc. (since March 2023) Procore Technologies, Inc. (since February 2020) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Interim chief executive officer, Splunk Inc., November 2021 to April 2022 Executive vice president and chief financial officer and other roles, Salesforce, Inc., December 2007 to June 2015 Chief financial officer, Advent Software, Inc., January 2003 to December 2007 FORMER BOARD EXPERIENCE Former director, Splunk Inc., July 2011 to March 2024 (public) Former director, Blackline, Inc., May 2015 to May 2022 (public) Former director, Slack Technologies, Inc., December 2018 to July 2021 (public/private) Former director, Xero Limited, February 2015 to March 2020 (public) Former director, Citrix Systems, Inc., December 2015 to June 2018 (public) SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Smith s leadership experience as a public company chief financial officer and his success advising technology companies through growth at scale are aligned with GoDaddy s go-forward strategy. The Board and management also benefit from Mr. Smith s deep financial and accounting expertise gained through his roles at Splunk, Salesforce and Advent Software and his public company directorships. GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Leah Sweet Former Senior Vice President, PayPal Age: 57 Director since: 2020 Committee Membership: Compensation Committee Chair; Governance Committee Member Other Current Board Service: BMC Technologies (private) Versapay Corporation (private) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Senior vice president of global design, delivery and operations and other roles, including chief of staff to the chief executive officer, PayPal Inc., January 2012 to March 2020 Vice president, customer success, CA Technologies, Inc., April 2010 to December 2011 Deputy chief information officer, State of Arizona, May 2009 to April 2010 Vice president, technology strategy and operations, American Express Company, February 2004 to May 2009 FORMER BOARD EXPERIENCE Former director, Arizona Technology Council, October 2016 to March 2020 (private) SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Sweet s extensive senior executive expertise in the fintech and financial services industries, including her experiences at PayPal and American Express, give her deep knowledge into payments and commerce that is invaluable to our Board and leadership as we deliver our commerce solutions for customers. Her prior experiences spearheading successful transformations and driving businesses forward enable her to provide valuable insight to the Board regarding oversight of enterprise strategy development and program management. Ms. Sweet s understanding of human capital management, executive compensation, corporate governance and succession planning gained through her board experiences and her role as chief of staff at PayPal greatly benefit our Board and Compensation and Governance Committees. Srinivas (Srini) Tallapragada President and Chief Engineering and Customer Success Officer, Salesforce Age: 56 Director since: 2023 Committee Membership: Governance Committee Member PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE President and chief engineering and customer success officer, Salesforce, Inc., February 2025 to present President and chief engineering officer, Salesforce, Inc., December 2019 to February 2025 President, executive and senior vice president, Salesforce, Inc., May 2012 to December 2019 Senior vice president, engineering, Oracle Corporation, April 2011 to May 2012 Senior vice president, SAP Labs Inc., February 2009 to April 2011 Vice president and senior director, Applications Development, Oracle Corporation, 2001 to 2009 FORMER BOARD EXPERIENCE Former director, Avalara, Inc., July 2021 to October 2022 (public) SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Tallapragada brings a depth of technology expertise, as well as leadership and governance experience, to the Board and Governance Committee. At Salesforce, Mr. Tallapragada leads teams to deliver product and platform innovations, key skills that help aid management and our Board in analyzing and bringing forth product and service enhancements and developments. He has extensive experience driving cutting-edge innovation and building emerging technologies within complex platforms. He also leads the cybersecurity and governance, risk and compliance functions at Salesforce. Mr. Tallapragada s ability to scale business operations through innovation and his track record of strong strategic planning both provide a valuable perspective as we continue to evolve our business. 14 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Sigal Zarmi Senior Advisor, Boston Consulting Group Age: 62 Director since: 2023 Committee Membership: Audit Committee Member Other Current Board Service: ADT Inc. (since April 2021) Jfrog Ltd. (since November 2025) Global Atlantic Financial Group (private) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Senior advisor, Boston Consulting Group Inc., August 2021 to present Interim chief information officer, Staples, Inc., August 2023 to February 2024 Senior advisor, Morgan Stanley, July 2021 to January 2023; previously served as international chief information officer and global head of transformation, October 2018 to July 2021 Vice chairman, global and U.S. chief information officer, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, December 2014 to September 2018 Chief information officer, GE Capital Americas, General Electric Company, August 2010 to November 2014 FORMER BOARD EXPERIENCE Former director, HashiCorp, Inc., June 2021 to February 2025 (public) Former director, DataRobot Inc., September 2021 to August 2022 (private) Former director, Alfresco Software, December 2019 to October 2020 (private) SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS As the former chief information officer of several large global businesses, Ms. Zarmi s expertise in strategic planning and operational risk management further enhances the risk management and compliance expertise of our Board and Audit Committee. The Board, Audit Committee and management also greatly benefit from Ms. Zarmi s cybersecurity expertise gained through her experiences as the chief information officer at Morgan Stanley, PricewaterhouseCoopers and GE Capital Americas. Through her various roles at Morgan Stanley, managing the diverse global technology footprint and driving the firm s innovation agenda through emerging technologies, Ms. Zarmi brings a wealth of knowledge to advise our leadership team on our strategic focus on innovation and the global growth of our customers. GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Board Governance Board Leadership Structure We currently have a separate independent Board Chair and CEO structure. At this time, we believe this structure allows for effective oversight and leadership of the Board, the Company and management. The role of the Chair of our Board is to facilitate oversight of management, engage with stockholders and lead our Board on all matters. Our CEO has primary responsibility for the operational leadership and strategic direction of the Company. Brian Sharples currently serves as our independent Board Chair and Aman Bhutani serves as our CEO. Mr. Sharples was appointed Chair due to his extensive experience as an executive in the technology industry, his entrepreneurial leadership, his expertise in technology brand strategy and his knowledge navigating strategic transactions in the technology and e-commerce space as both an executive and director. Our Governance Committee annually reviews the qualifications for the office of Board Chair and recommends a candidate for approval by our Board. Key responsibilities of the independent Board Chair, which are set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, include, among other duties: developing and setting the agenda for each Board meeting in consultation with management and the Chair of each standing committee; presiding over all meetings of the Board; calling and presiding over executive sessions of the Board; assisting the Governance Committee in the Board s self-assessment and Board and Committee evaluation process; communicating with our CEO regarding the results of the Compensation Committee s evaluation of his annual performance and resulting compensation determinations; and serving as a liaison between the Board and the Company s stockholders. At this time, we do not require separation of the offices of Board Chair and CEO. We believe it is important to retain the flexibility to allocate the responsibilities of such offices in a structure that serves the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. However, if at any point we determine those interests are best served by combining the roles of our CEO and Board Chair, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the then independent directors of the Board designate an independent director as Lead Director. The Board believes its approach to risk oversight, as more fully discussed below in the Board Risk Oversight section, enables the Board to effectively perform its risk oversight responsibilities under an alternate leadership structure. Board Composition Our business strategy, operations and our ability to enhance long-term stockholder value are supported by the GoDaddy Purpose. It is important to our Company that the Board reflects these values. As such, our Board, in conjunction with the Governance Committee, seeks highly-qualified individuals to serve as directors who broaden, among other things, the mix of experience, skills, knowledge, personal and professional backgrounds, age, tenure and diversity of our Board. In addition, our Governance Committee considers multiple other factors in identifying and evaluating director nominees, including: current and future composition of our Board and its committees as it relates to the strategic direction of the Company; performance of individual members of our Board; current Board leadership structure; independence of directors and director nominees as measured by the independence requirements of The New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ), the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and other applicable laws; and recommendations of director candidates and nominations validly made by stockholders in accordance with our Bylaws. As a public company, our directors need qualities that enable them to provide insight, oversight and general governance of the business, its strategy and operations. To that end, we seek candidates with core skills and experiences including executive leadership, public company board membership, financial and accounting expertise and risk management experience. Our Board members also need the strategic skills and experience to support our strategy of providing customers with identity, presence and commerce solutions, including as such strategy evolves over time. For example, as we continue to launch new capabilities for our customers, including those powered by AI, we have ensured that our Board has directors with emerging technology expertise, such as AI, and information, engineering and operational technology experience, such as experiences as current or past 16 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information executives at, or advisors to, technology-based companies. We also seek candidates with global experience and those with product sales and marketing or e-commerce backgrounds to advise on international markets and our product offering strategies, as well as experience with and knowledge of corporate strategy and strategic planning. We remain committed to managing our business to provide an optimal combination of top-line growth and profitability and believe effective oversight by directors with the necessary skills, experiences, backgrounds, ages, tenures and knowledge is integral to support that commitment. The types of skills, backgrounds and experiences that the Board believes are necessary for our Company today and the directors who have such attributes are provided in the chart below. Because the table is a summary, it is not intended to be a complete description of all qualifications, skills, experiences and attributes of each director. The matrix depicts notable areas of focus for each director. Though an individual may not be designated in any one particular area, it does not signify such director s lack of ability to contribute to discussions in any specific area. Additionally, the Board benefits from having directors with a range of tenures, ages and diversity, which provide them varied perspectives on our business and navigating different business cycles. Our Governance Committee reviews these qualifications when nominating directors to the Board and considered them in recommending stockholders vote FOR each nominee discussed above at the Annual Meeting. Skills and Experience Technology Experience Experience as an information, engineering or operations executive at tech company or emerging tech and/or investing in and advising tech or emerging tech companies Emerging Technology Expertise Experience related to strategic planning for or the oversight of integrating emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence Strategic Planning Experience Experience with and knowledge of corporate strategy and strategic planning Global Experience Experience as an executive at global company overseeing operations beyond the United States Sales Marketing Experience Experience as a product marketing, sales and/or e-commerce executive Human Capital / Executive Compensation Experience Experience as a public company compensation committee member Public Company Leadership Experience Experience as a public company CEO and/or other public company C-Suite officer role or experience Financial / Accounting Experience Experience as a public company CFO and/or as public company audit committee member Corporate Governance Experience Experience as a public company nominating and governance committee member Public Company Board Experience Experience as a public company board member Risk Management / Compliance / Cybersecurity Experience Experience as an executive overseeing business compliance function and/or public company risk committee board member GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Director Independence Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that a majority of the Board and each member of our standing committees be independent in accordance with applicable SEC rules and NYSE Listing Standards. Our Board annually reviews director independence, taking into consideration all relevant facts and circumstances, including whether any director has a material relationship with the Company or a member of our leadership team (either directly or as a partner, stockholder, director or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company) that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment by such individual in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making its determination, the Board considers responses provided by directors through our annual director and officer questionnaire process, as well as information obtained through Company records and outside sources. Our Board determined, upon the recommendation from the Governance Committee, that Messrs. Chen, Garrett, Sharples, Smith and Tallapragada and Mses. Donahue, Sweet and Zarmi qualify as independent. Other Public Company Board and Audit Committee Service As the responsibilities of public company directors continue to expand, our Board has established limitations on our directors ability to serve on other boards to ensure that each director is able to perform their responsibilities, maintain effective oversight of the Company and management and fulfill their fiduciary duties to our stockholders. In conjunction with the Governance Committee, the Board annually reviews our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which include limitations on directors ability to serve on other boards. In developing these limitations, the Governance Committee and the Board consider many factors, including: the time commitment required by the Company in conjunction with Board and committee meeting preparation and attendance; the scope of responsibilities of individual committees; results of our annual Board and committee evaluation process; whether directors are currently employed or retired from full-time employment; input from our stockholders during engagement; and the corporate governance guidelines adopted by our peers and other comparable public companies. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines limit our directors from serving on more than four public company boards including the Company s Board, and a director who is also the chief executive officer of our Company or another company is limited to serving on no more than two public company boards, including the Company s Board. Our directors are required to advise the chair of the Governance Committee of any invitations to join a new public company board of directors prior to accepting the directorship. This notification process allows the Governance Committee and the Board to confirm the absence of any actual or potential conflict of interest and ensures that such director has sufficient time to devote to the responsibilities and commitments of our Company and Board. All directors are in compliance with this policy. In addition, our Audit Committee Charter limits directors who serve on our Audit Committee from simultaneously serving on the audit committees of more than three public companies (including the GoDaddy Audit Committee), unless the Board determines that such simultaneous service would not impair the ability of such director to effectively serve on the Company s Audit Committee. The table below summarizes the limits on a director s ability to serve on other boards and audit committees. Director Category Limit on Public Company Board Service (including GoDaddy Board) All directors 4 boards Any director who is also a public company CEO 2 boards Audit Committee Members 3 audit committees 18 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Board Committees and Meetings Board Meetings and Attendance Number of Board Meetings in 2025 5 Attendance at Board and Committee Meetings in 2025 75% Attendance at 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 75% During the year ended December 31, 2025, our Board held 5 meetings (including regularly scheduled and special meetings). Each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of our Board held during the period for which he or she has been a director and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of our Board on which he or she served during the periods that he or she served. Directors are expected to prepare for, attend and actively participate in all Board and committee meetings. We strongly encourage, but do not require, members of our Board to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. All of our directors attended our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. The Board s independent directors regularly meet in independent director sessions in which management does not participate, at Board and committee meetings. The Chair of the Board presides at each Board meeting s independent director session. Board Committees Our Board maintains three standing committees: the Audit and Risk Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. Each of our standing committees operates under a written charter satisfying applicable SEC rules and NYSE Listing Standards. Copies of the charters of our standing committees are available on our corporate website at aboutus.godaddy.net/investor-relations/governance . Each committee annually reviews the adequacy of its written charter and submits any recommended changes to the Board for approval. Committee Composition, Independence and Refreshment The composition, including leadership, of our standing committees is set forth in the chart below. The Board, with oversight from the Governance Committee, regularly reviews committee composition and leadership assignments as part of its broader refreshment efforts. These reviews are informed by the Board s annual evaluation process and committee self-assessments, and are intended to align director expertise and experience with committee responsibilities, support effective oversight of management and the Company s key risks, facilitate the ongoing development of Board leadership and ensure director independence as discussed below. In June 2025, Leah Sweet was appointed Chair and Graham Smith was added as a member of the Compensation Committee, and Caroline Donahue was appointed Chair of the Governance Committee. The following pages provide a snapshot of the composition of our committees, their key responsibilities and certain highlights from the prior year. In accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board has determined that each member of our standing committees is independent. The Governance Committee annually reviews and recommends to the Board the composition of each committee, including the appropriate director to chair each committee. In making its recommendations, the Governance Committee considers, among other factors, the scope of responsibilities of the committees and the relevant skills, background and experience of the directors. GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Committee Memberships, Responsibilities and Highlights Committee Memberships Independent Audit Compensation Governance Aman Bhutani Brian Sharples Herald Chen Caroline Donahue Mark Garrett Graham Smith Leah Sweet Srini Tallapragada Sigal Zarmi Committee Chair Committee Member Financial Expert Audit and Risk Committee No. of meetings in 2025: 5 Members: Mark Garrett (Chair), Herald Chen, Graham Smith, Sigal Zarmi INDEPENDENCE Our Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee meets the requirements for independence under current NYSE Listing Standards and SEC rules and regulations, including Rule 10A-3(b)(1)(iv) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Each member of our Audit Committee meets the financial literacy requirements of the current NYSE L isting S tandards. FINANCIAL EXPERTS Our Board has determined t hat Messrs. Chen, Garrett and Smith are audit committee financial experts within the meaning of Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, a s amended. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Our Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing, among other things: the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and internal controls as well as the audit and integrity of our financial statements; the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm; the performance of our internal audit function; the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; data privacy and cybersecurity matters; and risk assessment and risk management pertaining to financial, accounting, treasury and tax matters, among others. 2025 HIGHLIGHTS Continued oversight of the Company s design, development, deployment and use of AI, including evolving Airo into an agentic operating system for small businesses through Airo. Oversaw the Company s capital allocation strategy, with 10.2 million shares repurchased in 2025, a reduction of approximately 33% in outstanding shares since 2021. For more information see the section Report of the Audit and Risk Committee. 20 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Nominating and Governance Committee No. of meetings in 2025: 4 Members: Caroline Donahue (Chair)*, Leah Sweet, Srini Tallapragada INDEPENDENCE Our Board has determined that each member of the Governance Committee meets the requirements for independence under current NYSE Listing Standards. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Our Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things: advising the Board on its composition and identifying individuals qualified to become Board members; making recommendations to the Board regarding persons to be nominated for election as directors at meetings of stockholders or to fill vacancies or newly created directorships; making recommendations to the Board regarding the composition of the various committees of the Board; developing and recommending to the Board the Company s corporate governance guidelines and related matters; overseeing the Company s ESG strategies, practices, programs and related disclosures in our global impact report and proxy statement; and overseeing the annual evaluation of the Board and its committees. 2025 HIGHLIGHTS Led committee refreshment efforts, resulting in the appointment of Leah Sweet as Chair of the Compensation Committee and Caroline Donahue as Chair of the Governance Committee. Conducted the Board s annual self-assessment process, evaluating Board effectiveness, composition and directors skills and experience to inform the Board s ongoing refreshment planning and committee refreshment. Oversaw the Company s maintained reduction of Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions from a 2019 baseline. For information, see the sections Board Composition and Assessment of Board and Committee Effectiveness. Compensation and Human Capital Committee No. of meetings in 2025: 5 Members: Leah Sweet (Chair)*, Caroline Donahue, Graham Smith INDEPENDENCE Our Board has determined that each member of our Compensation Committee meets the requirements for independence under current NYSE Listing Standards. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Our Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things: overseeing compensation policies, plans and benefits programs and the Company s overall compensation philosophy; overseeing compensation of our CEO and other executive officers (including officers reporting under Section 16 of the Exchange Act), evaluating and approving our executive officer compensation plans, policies and programs and, where it deems appropriate, consulting with and making recommendations to the Board in respect of the foregoing; administering the Company s equity compensation plans for executive officers, employees, directors and other service providers; and assisting the Board in its oversight of human capital management. 2025 HIGHLIGHTS Established a Non-Employee Director Deferred Equity Program, providing directors with the ability to defer equity compensation and further aligning their interests with the long-term performance and value creation for stockholders. Reviewed the Company s executive compensation program to ensure that its features continue to attract, retain and motivate executive talent and to ensure the program is strongly aligned with Company and individual performance and that it incorporates stockholder feedback, including the results of the prior year s say-on-pay vote (92.4% approval in 2025). Continued oversight of human capital management, including pay equity practices and results. To learn more about how we make executive compensation decisions, including the role of the independent compensation consultant, see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 33 . *Leah Sweet served as chair of the Governance Committee and Herald Chen served as chair of the Compensation Committee until June 2025. GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Assessment of Board and Committee Effectiveness Annual evaluations play a critical role in ensuring the effective functioning of our Board and its committees. The Governance Committee is responsible for developing and overseeing this annual evaluation process, which may include written questionnaires, individual interviews led by the Board Chair or an independent third party or a combination of approaches. In addition, as part of their annual governance review, each committee performs an annual committee self-evaluation. Set forth below is our Board s process for assessing Board, director and committee effectiveness: 1 2 3 4 Define objectives and scope Determine evaluation method Identify discussion topics Evaluations conducted The Governance Committee reviews the prior year assessment process, pending and future Board and committee objectives and current corporate governance practices to set the scope and objectives for the assessment process. The Governance Committee, in consultation with our leadership, assesses the best approach to capture feedback and action items based on its defined scope and objectives and current corporate governance best practices. The Governance Committee Chair, in consultation with our leadership and, when appropriate, the independent third-party, identifies relevant topics for discussion and appropriate questions. Candid feedback from each director is solicited through one-on-one interviews and/or written questionnaires on the identified topics and any other matters of concern. Each committee conducts a year-end annual self assessment. 8 7 6 5 Implement changes Develop action plan Full Board discussion Analysis Recommended changes are implemented throughout the following year. The full Board develops an action plan for further enhancement for the Board and its committees, the directors and in the Board succession and refreshment process. The Governance Committee provides a detailed report to the full Board, including key changes or items for consideration. The Governance Committee, in consultation with our leadership and, when appropriate, the independent third-party, analyzes results and considers if changes to Board or committee composition, leadership, responsibilities or operations are necessary or desirable. Results inform the director candidate pipeline and succession planning activities. EVALUATION TOPICS COVERED Our Board and committee evaluations generally cover three key areas: (i) Effectiveness , which includes questions regarding the Board s and its committees performance over the prior year; (ii) Board and committee composition , which includes discussions on the structure and effectiveness of the Board s and committees composition and a review of the appropriateness of defined responsibilities; and (iii) Director skills, experience and refreshment , which includes a review of director skills, experience and backgrounds, succession planning and possible refreshment practices. In addition, the Governance Committee may from time to time add additional topics of discussion to ensure full feedback is received from directors and each committee may choose to discuss other topics that are relevant to the committee and its responsibilities. In 2025, the Board evaluation process was conducted using an anonymous director questionnaire and feedback form and each committee conducted its own self-evaluation. Following this process, the Board determined that its current composition remains effective in providing oversight of the Company. The Board will continue to evaluate its composition on an ongoing basis to determine if any additional changes are necessary. The feedback received from the 2025 evaluation informed our committee refreshment, including the appointment of Leah Sweet as Chair of the Compensation Committee, Caroline Donahue as Chair of the Governance Committee, and Graham Smith as a member of the Compensation Committee. 22 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Board Risk Oversight Our Board is responsible for overseeing the Company s enterprise-wide risk management as part of its mandates under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, its fiduciary duties and its general oversight of management and the Company s business strategy. Our Board exercises such oversight both directly and indirectly through its three standing committees and in review and consultation with management, which is accountable for day-to-day risk management efforts. A breakdown of the key oversight responsibilities is set forth below: Board of Directors Responsible for oversight, review and assessments of the Company s major risks, including, but not limited to: long-term strategic financial and organizational goals and plans designed to achieve such goals strategic, legal, regulatory, financial, management and operational risks, including regarding cybersecurity, use of AI, human capital management, sustainability and succession planning oversight and other responsibilities delegated to the Board s committees, individual directors and management Audit Committee Oversees, reviews, assesses and discusses with management and/or the Company s independent auditor, where necessary, the Company s major financial matters, risk exposures and legal and regulatory compliance, including matters related to data privacy, cybersecurity, accounting, capital allocation, insurance, investments, tax, enterprise risk management and business continuity. The committee has primary responsibility for assisting the Board with risk oversight. Compensation Committee Oversees, reviews, approves, establishes, administers and discusses with management, the Company s compensation programs and policies. The committee has primary oversight responsibility of the Company s human capital matters. Governance Committee Oversees, reviews, approves and discusses with management, Board and committee composition, director independence and succession planning and the adequacy of, and compliance with, the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. The committee has primary oversight of the Company s sustainability strategies, practices and programs and the applicable disclosures included in the Company s external reporting. GoDaddy Leadership Team Our leadership team, led by our CEO, develops and executes our business and financial strategy and short- and long-term goals, manages execution of day-to-day operations, manages and oversees strategic, legal, regulatory, financial, operational and other risks. Our leadership team regularly apprises the Board and its committees about the Company s strategy, operations and risks. Assurance, Risk and Compliance With oversight and direct reporting to the Chief Financial Officer and the Audit Committee, our Assurance, Risk and Compliance ( ARC ) team provides independent, objective evaluations of business processes and controls to help safeguard the organization, enable growth and strengthen operational integrity. Enterprise Risk Management With oversight from our Audit Committee, our ARC team leads our enterprise risk management program by identifying key risks that could impact the Company s strategy, operations or compliance, and assists our leadership team in defining metrics to monitor such risks and respond proactively, helping the business navigate risks while staying focused on strategic execution and innovation. Cybersecurity Management and Oversight With oversight and direct reporting to the Chief Operating Officer and the Audit Committee, the Chief Information Security Officer identifies, assesses and manages cybersecurity risks and oversees the cybersecurity program. See more below. Sustainability Working Group With oversight from the Governance Committee, our team of key functional leaders drives progress across our priority topics, supporting sustainability disclosures and sharing relevant matters to inform and guide the business. See more below. GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Selected Areas of Oversight Evolving Technologies - Artificial Intelligence Responsible AI at GoDaddy We are committed to using AI responsibly and thoughtfully, ensuring our design, development, deployment and use for both our customers and our employees supports the GoDaddy Purpose. As the AI landscape continues to rapidly evolve, we regularly evaluate and mature our approaches to help ensure our use of AI remains effective, appropriate and aligned with our core values. AI Governance Framework To support responsible AI use at scale, GoDaddy has established clear ownership and accountability for AI governance, with oversight embedded across the Company with ultimate oversight held by the Board. Board of Directors and the Audit Committee GoDaddy Leadership Team The Board directly oversees design, development, deployment and use of AI externally and internally The Board receives regular updates from leadership on AI use and risks The Audit Committee supplements the Board s oversight with oversight of AI risks related to the financial performance and operations of the Company Senior leadership, including our CEO, oversees AI strategy and risk management Our Chief Technology Officer leads AI governance and cross-functional alignment AI Working Groups GoDaddy Employees Cross-functional AI Governance Working Group and Corporate AI Approval Working Group oversee compliance with our Responsible AI policies AI Governance Working Group establishes guardrails and monitors AI systems for accuracy, fairness, transparency and legal compliance Corporate AI Approval Working Group leads AI due diligence and approval of large language models and other AI-enabled tools across the Company Employees are responsible for using AI tools in accordance with our Responsible AI policies and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Employees receive training and guidance to support responsible, secure and compliant AI use Responsible AI Policies and Principles We maintain policies regarding Responsible AI, which aim to guide how we responsibly and ethically develop and use AI to advance the GoDaddy Purpose. Our Responsible AI principles address, among others, matters related to privacy and security, ethical use and risk mitigation and our due diligence process to evaluate new and emerging technologies, including their ability to enhance customer experience and business operations while taking into consideration the legal, risk and compliance impacts. These policies can be found here: https://www.godaddy.com/resources/godaddy-responsible-ai . As our design, development, deployment and use of AI-based tools and solutions continues and as these emerging technologies continue to advance, we expect our policies and business practices to evolve to help ensure that such tools and solutions enable entrepreneurs to operate their businesses globally. Cybersecurity GoDaddy maintains an enterprise-wide cybersecurity program designed to manage the Company s cybersecurity risks. Our Board manages cybersecurity risks as part of the Company's overall risk management framework and oversees the cybersecurity risk management program through the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee receives verbal and written reports at least quarterly from our Chief Information Security Officer ( CISO ) regarding the Company s cybersecurity risk management program and cybersecurity-related risks. The Audit Committee consists of directors with diverse expertise in risk management, technology, finance and cybersecurity, including oversight of security teams. Our CISO provides the full Board with written quarterly and annual reports on our cybersecurity program and material cybersecurity-related risks, and the chair of the Audit Committee provides a quarterly summary of the Audit Committee's cybersecurity discussions to the full Board. 24 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Our senior management is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing the Company's material cybersecurity risks. Our CISO oversees our programs for identifying, assessing and managing our cybersecurity risks. Our CISO reports to our Chief Operating Officer and regularly provides updates to our CEO on significant cybersecurity-related matters. Our CISO also provides written monthly and quarterly reports on our cybersecurity program and risks to the CEO, Chief Technology Officer and other key executives. Our CISO works with an enterprise-wide cybersecurity team that provides 24/7/365 support. Our cybersecurity policies, procedures and strategies primarily are implemented by our information security department. Other personnel and departments in the Company also assist with cybersecurity risk management, including but not limited to our technology organization, our product teams and business unit leaders and our privacy, legal, vendor risk management and assurance, risk and compliance teams. We have also developed processes to integrate cybersecurity risk management within the Company's product and software development processes. Data Privacy We maintain an enterprise-wide, global privacy program designed to comply with our data privacy obligations and manage our data privacy risks. Our Chief Privacy Officer manages our global privacy program, which includes, but is not limited to, conducting privacy impact assessments, providing training to employees, responding to data subject requests and engaging with data protection authorities. As part of this program, we maintain a global privacy policy that details our approach to protecting the personal data we collect, use, store and share, as well as how customers can access and manage their personal data. We adjust our global privacy policy, program and practices to comply with changes in laws and regulations that may be applicable to specific areas of our business and to improve our global privacy program overall. Sustainability We have designed our approach for managing sustainability matters with a focus on transparency and oversight, which helps us continue to review and incorporate sustainability matters into our strategy and operations. Our Board exercises oversight of sustainability matters through the Governance Committee, which oversees the Company s sustainability strategies, practices and programs along with related public disclosure on such matters, as well as through the Compensation Committee, which oversees the Company s human capital practices and programs. Both committees regularly report to the Board on their respective topics. Our management team oversees the progress of the Company s corporate sustainability programs and practices as they relate to key areas of the business and strategy. Our senior leadership works directly with members of our Sustainability Working Group, which is composed of leaders across the Company. The Sustainability Working Group is responsible for driving progress across our priority topics, supporting sustainability disclosures and sharing relevant matters to inform and guide the business. Our management team regularly reports to the Board, Governance Committee and Compensation Committee on the Company s sustainability programs and practices, including progress on goals such as our emissions reductions, pay parity, and on related public disclosures. For more information on the matters discussed above, including as discussed in our 2025 Global Stakeholder Impact Report, please visit us at https://aboutus.godaddy.net/investor-relations/esg/default.aspx . GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Stockholder Engagement Approach and Philosophy Our Board and management take a long-term, constructive view toward stockholder engagement. We recognize that stockholder feedback is critical to driving growth, creating value and, most importantly, being responsible stewards of stockholder capital. As a result, members of our management team regularly engage with our stockholders, often with a director leading the discussion, to learn first-hand their perspectives and guidance. We greatly value this feedback, and we seek to optimize our corporate governance by refining our policies, procedures and practices when appropriate. In addition to the engagement described below, we also communicate with our stockholders through several other forums, including quarterly earnings calls, our annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other SEC filings, our annual meetings of stockholders, investor meetings and conferences and our Investor Relations website. As part of our comprehensive engagement program, we have established a robust annual engagement cycle that allows us to capture and integrate stockholder feedback into our decision-making processes. Fall Conduct off-season engagement outreach with stockholders and proxy advisers to discuss, among other topics, corporate governance, human capital management, sustainability and executive compensation matters Winter Share stockholder feedback with the Board, and committees where appropriate, to consider any potential changes to be made Spring Conduct in-season engagement leading up to our annual meeting of stockholders to answer any stockholder questions on ballot items and the proxy statement Summer Review and consider for future action, the results of the annual meeting of stockholders, stockholder perspectives and governance trends Ongoing Updates Reflecting Stockholder Perspectives and Evolving Practices We made several changes to our proxy disclosure, executive compensation program and ESG practices over the last several years, which incorporated input gathered from engagement with our stockholders. These changes include: Governance Proxy Disclosure Declassified the Board with annual elections Formalized Board-level oversight of human capital management with the Compensation Committee Formalized Board-level oversight of sustainability matters with the Governance Committee Removed the supermajority vote requirement to amend our charter and bylaws Adopted majority vote standard for director elections Expanded disclosures related to our Board skills, director onboarding and continuing director education Expanded disclosures related to annual highlights of each committee Enhanced disclosures regarding Board and committee self-assessment processes Enhanced disclosure related to the Board s oversight of cybersecurity and AI Executive Compensation Environmental and Social Significantly increased disclosures in our CD A in recent years, including disclosure of individual achievements and CEO compensation scorecard Removed evergreen provisions beginning in 2023 from our 2015 equity and employee stock purchase plans and instituted new plans without evergreen provisions in 2024 Updated our STIP metrics to align executive compensation with the Company s business strategy Achieved our first Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions reduction target by 50% in 2023, from a 2019 baseline, and announced a new emissions reduction target in 2025 Maintained an ~88% reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions from our 2019 baseline in 2025 Joined the UN Global Compact to further drive commitment to sustainability Published our EEO-1 data 26 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Other Governance Policies Communications with the Board of Directors Stockholders or other interested parties may communicate directly with the Board, the Board Chair, any of the Company s other non-management directors or the non-management directors as a group by mailing correspondence to the Company s Corporate Secretary at GoDaddy Inc., 100 S. Mill Ave, Suite 1600, Tempe, AZ 85281, Attention: Corporate Secretary or Legal Department, or by sending such communication via email to governance@godaddy.com . The Company s Corporate Secretary or Legal Department shall review all incoming stockholder communications and route such communications to the appropriate member(s) of the Board. Materials that will not be forwarded include mass mailings, product complaints or inquiries, job inquiries, business solicitations and patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate materials. Director Orientation and Continuing Education New directors participate in a comprehensive onboarding program designed to provide a thorough understanding of GoDaddy s business, strategy, financial performance, risk profile and governance framework. The program includes presentations and discussions with senior leadership, including our CEO, and covers topics such as our product portfolio, finance and investor relations, marketing strategy, technology platform, cybersecurity and data privacy practices, enterprise risk management, legal and compliance programs and our people and culture. New directors also meet with each standing director of the Board and receive various materials that include an overview of the Board and its committees, the Company s leadership structure, strategy, operations, human capital information and legal, risk and compliance information. The materials also include information on the Company s operating model, financial results, capital allocation priorities, investor profiles and historical earnings information. Recognizing the dynamic nature of our industry and the evolving governance landscape, the Board encourages directors to participate in ongoing continuing education programs to support effective oversight and informed decision-making. Continuing education has and may include internal briefings from management or external advisors, participation in associations or other professional organizations, director education programs and attendance at industry and governance or other conferences related to the Company, the Board and general oversight. In 2025, directors received Company provided training, updates and presentations from internal and external experts on topics including: AI development, opportunities and integration; cybersecurity and information security risk; M A landscape and opportunities; regulatory and compliance developments; and other matters. Stockholder Recommendations for Director Candidates It is the policy of the Board that the Governance Committee consider recommendations from stockholders using the same process it follows for other candidates. Stockholders may recommend director nominees for consideration by the Governance Committee by mailing correspondence to the Company s Corporate Secretary at GoDaddy Inc., 100 S. Mill Ave, Suite 1600, Tempe, AZ 85281, Attention: Corporate Secretary or Legal Department, or by sending such communication via email to governance@godaddy.com . Pursuant to the terms of our Bylaws, stockholder nominations must be received by our Corporate Secretary not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting and must comply with the additional requirements of our Bylaws. For more information on stockholder nominations, see the section Submission of Proposals and Other Items of Business for the 2027 Annual Meeting. Speak Up Policy We maintain a global whistleblower policy, our Speak Up Policy. The Company encourages directors, officers, employees, independent contractors and others who reasonably believe that they have become aware of, among other things, questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, fraudulent financial information being reported, violations of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or other Company policies, or the violation of securities laws or any other applicable laws, to raise these concerns in accordance with our Speak Up Policy. Our senior legal leadership reports significant accounting and auditing complaints to the Audit Committee, which oversees investigations of such complaints, and determines the appropriate person or department to investigate non-accounting and auditing complaints. GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is applicable to all our employees, directors and executive officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Governance Committee is charged with considering questions of possible conflicts of interest of directors and executive officers if and as they arise, and would review for approval or denial any involvement of such persons in matters that may involve a conflict of interest or corporate opportunity. We will promptly disclose, if required by applicable law, any amendment to, or waiver from, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics granted to directors or executive officers by timely posting such information on our website at aboutus.godaddy.net/investor-relations/governance . Where to Find More Information Copies of our current charter, bylaws, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Speak Up Policy, as well as each Board committee s charter, are available on our website at aboutus.godaddy.net/investor-relations/governance . 28 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Non-Employee Director Compensation We maintain an Amended and Restated Outside Director Compensation Policy (the Outside Director Compensation Policy ) pursuant to which each member of our Board who is not a Company employee and is not affiliated with a holder of greater than 5% of any class or series of our capital stock (each an Eligible Director ) will receive cash and equity-based compensation for their service on our Board. The Outside Director Compensation Policy is periodically reviewed by the Compensation Committee, with the input of its independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy Consulting Group ( Semler Brossy ), to ensure that the compensation paid to our Eligible Directors reflects current market assessments, data and analyses. Cash Retainers Our Eligible Directors were entitled to receive the following annual cash retainers for their services in 2025: Board Audit Committee Compensation Committee Governance Committee Chair $ 50,000 $ 27,500 $ 20,000 $ 12,000 Member $ 50,000 $ 15,000 $ 12,000 $ 6,000 Each Eligible Director will receive a prorated annual cash retainer based on the number of months he or she has, or will have, provided services to us in the year in which he or she was appointed or elected or ceases to serve on the Board. No additional or separate fees are paid for attendance at meetings of our Board, but we provide reimbursement of travel and other related expenses for attending meetings. Equity Compensation Initial Award . Upon an Eligible Director s appointment or election to the Board, he or she receives an initial grant of RSUs with a value of $255,000 as of the grant date. These RSUs vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to the Eligible Director continuing to be a service provider through such date. Annual Award . On the date of each annual meeting of stockholders, each Eligible Director who has served on our Board for more than six months as of the date of the annual meeting receives an annual grant of RSUs with a value of $255,000 as of the grant date. In addition, on the date of each annual meeting, the chair of the Board receives an additional annual grant of RSUs with a value of $80,000 as of the grant date. These RSUs vest on the day immediately prior to the next annual meeting after the effective date of grant, subject to the Eligible Director continuing to be a service provider through such date. The number of shares underlying the RSUs granted under the Outside Director Compensation Policy is determined by dividing the specified value by a per-share price as determined based on the volume weighted average price of our common stock for the 30 trading days immediately preceding the last trading day of the month prior to the grant date. Pursuant to the Outside Director Compensation Policy and the terms of the GoDaddy Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, no Eligible Director may receive compensation in any calendar year (including the calendar year in which the Eligible Director is first elected or appointed to the Board) in excess of $1.0 million in the aggregate, including cash payments and equity awards. Equity Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors We maintain equity ownership guidelines applicable to our non-employee directors. These guidelines provide that each non-employee director is expected to attain and maintain equity interest ownership with a minimum value equal to five times the director s annual cash retainer (not including any additional fees received for committee service or serving as a chair of a committee or the Board) for Board service as follows: (i) for non-employee directors who were directors of the Company as of March 2019, by the date of our 2026 annual stockholder meeting, and then throughout such director s tenure on the Board and (ii) for any newly appointed or elected non-employee directors, by the fifth annual stockholder meeting after he or she joins the Board, and then throughout such director s tenure on the Board. In determining if a non-employee director has satisfied the equity ownership guidelines, shares of (or equity exchangeable for) the Company s common stock beneficially owned by the director, or to which the director is otherwise entitled, are taken into consideration. Shares underlying unexercised stock options and unvested equity awards are not taken into consideration. As of December 31, 2025, all of our non-employee directors were GoDaddy Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information either in compliance with or are on track to comply with the equity ownership guidelines within the applicable time periods. The Compensation Committee is responsible for administering the equity ownership guidelines applicable to our non-employee directors. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Program In September 2025, the Compensation Committee approved the establishment of a Non-Employee Director Deferred Equity Compensation Program. The program permits non-employee directors to elect to defer the settlement of 100% of the RSUs granted under the GoDaddy Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan that are granted in connection with their service as a director. Participants that elect into the program do so irrevocably and such equity will settle on certain specified settlement dates, including an electing director s separation of service, a change in control of the company or the director s death or disability. This program provides directors with additional flexibility in managing the timing of their equity compensation and further aligns their interests with the long-term performance of the Company and value creation for stockholders. The program is intended to meet the requirements of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and the related U.S. treasury regulations ( Code Section 409A ). 2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation The following table summarizes compensation for each of our non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Herald Chen 73,333 254,659 (4) 16,392 344,384 Caroline Donahue 71,500 254,659 (4) 10,400 336,559 Mark Garrett 77,500 254,659 (4) 21,909 354,068 Brian Sharples 100,000 334,684 (4) 434,684 Graham Smith 72,000 254,659 (4) 559 327,218 Leah Sweet 75,167 254,659 (4) 21,909 351,735 Srini Tallapragada 56,000 254,659 (4) 310,659 Sigal Zarmi 65,000 254,659 (4) 21,909 341,568 (1) These amounts reflect annual cash retainers earned during 2025 for service as a member of our Board and, if applicable, as Board chair or a chair or member of one or more Board committees. (2) These amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of RSUs granted during 2025, computed as described in Note 2 to our audited financial statements included in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 ( ASC 718 ), for service as a member of our Board and, in the case of Mr. Sharples, as chair of the Board. As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate number of RSUs outstanding for each of our non-employee directors was as follows: Mr. Chen 1,397; Ms. Donahue 1,397; Mr. Garrett 1,397; Mr. Sharples 1,836; Mr. Smith 1,397; Ms. Sweet 1,397; Mr. Tallapragada 1,397; and Ms. Zarmi 1,397. (3) For Mr. Garrett and Mses. Donahue, Sweet and Zarmi, these amounts reflect health insurance benefits only. (4) On June 4, 2025, (i) Messrs. Chen, Garrett, Smith, and Tallapragada and Mses. Donahue, Sweet and Zarmi were each awarded an annual grant of RSUs covering 1,397 shares of our common stock for service as members of our Board and (ii) Mr. Sharples was awarded an annual grant of RSUs covering 1,836 shares of our common stock for service as a member of our Board and as chair of the Board. 100% of the shares subject to such RSUs are scheduled to vest on June 2, 2026 (the day immediately prior to our Annual Meeting), subject to their respective continued service with us through such date. 30 About GoDaddy Proxy Summary Board and Governance Matters Executive Compensation Audit Matters Other Management Proposals Other Information Executive Officers The following table identifies certain information about our executive officers. Our executive officers are appointed by our Board to hold office until their successors are appointed and qualified. For Aman Bhutani s biography, please see the section Director Nominees. Mark McCaffrey, 60 Mark McCaffrey has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2021. Before joining GoDaddy, Mr. McCaffrey spent over 20 years in various roles at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in the Technology, Media and Telecommunications ( TMT ) Sector, including as the US TMT Sector Leader, guiding an experienced team of consultants working across clients in the TMT industries. He also served as the Global Software Industry Leader for the firm, including as the global engagement partner on several of PwC s largest multinational software and services clients. Roger Chen, 55 Roger Chen has served as our Chief Operating Officer since January 2022. Prior to this role, Mr. Chen served as the President of the Company s Domain Registrars and Investors Business from January 2020