=== GDDY_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision in our common stock. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below and the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, reputation, operating results and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, reputation and growth prospects. Risk Factor Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and growth prospects. • If we are unable to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers, our business and operating results would be harmed. • If we do not successfully develop and market products that anticipate or respond timely to the needs of our customers, our business and operating results may suffer. • Our use, development, adoption, deployment and maintenance of AI and other new and evolving technologies may present significant risks, which could result in increased costs, litigation, reputational harm and liability. • Evolving technologies, including AI-based technologies, and changes in customer behavior and practices with respect to the internet may impact the demand for and value of our products and services. • We face significant competition for our products, which we expect will continue to intensify, and we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position or market share. • Our pricing decisions may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. • The future growth of our business depends in part on our international revenue. Our continued international presence could subject us to additional risks. • We have taken significant actions to support profitable growth. These actions may not succeed. If we do not effectively manage future growth, our operating results will be adversely affected. • Acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including investments or entries into new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures or other transactions, could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results. • We are exposed to the risk of system failures and capacity constraints. • We rely on information technology systems, including third-party cloud computing systems, and data centers to deliver many of our products and services. These information technology systems and data centers may experience outages, disruptions or degradations, and we may otherwise lose access to the services third-party service providers provide to us, any of which could impact our services, products and technology infrastructure. • An actual or perceived cybersecurity incident could impair our ability to conduct business, provide our products or services, protect data, and comply with contractual or legal obligations, and may cause us to incur substantial costs, or subject us to significant liability. • We rely on our marketing efforts and channels to maintain awareness of our brand and acquire new customers. These efforts may require significant expense and may not be successful or cost-effective. • Our ability to increase sales of our products is highly dependent on the quality of our customer care. Our failure to provide high-quality customer care would have an adverse effect on our business, brand and operating results. 23 Table of Contents • Our failure to properly register or maintain our customers' domain names or comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to domain name registration and maintenance could subject us to additional liability, regulatory action, expenses, claims of loss or negative publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business. • Our quarterly and annual operating results may be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below investor or analyst expectations. • Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to operate our business and our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, as well as divert our cash flow from operations for debt payments and prevent us from meeting our debt obligations. • Laws, regulations, policies or claims concerning the domain name registration system and the internet in general, and industry reactions to those policies or claims, may cause instability in the industry and disrupt our business. • We are subject to local and international laws, rules, regulations and orders relating to the operation and security of our computer network and the processing of data, including personal data. • Our business depends on our customers' continued and unimpeded access to the internet and the development and maintenance of internet infrastructure. Internet access providers may be able to block, degrade or charge for access to certain of our products, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of customers. • Our business could be affected by new laws, rules, regulations or court orders regarding the internet. • We may face liability or become involved in disputes over registration and transfer of domain names and control over websites. • Our payments-related operations, including GoDaddy Payments, are subject to various laws, regulations, and restrictions. Our failure to comply with such rules, regulations, and restrictions regarding our payments-related operations or properly manage the risks inherent to such operations could materially harm our business. • Our share price may be volatile, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Strategic Risks If we are unable to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers, our business and operating results would be harmed. Our success largely depends on our ability to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers. We cannot be assured that we will achieve increasing growth rates in future periods as our ability to increase sales to new and existing customers and ultimately our total revenue could fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, such as lower demand or satisfaction with our solutions, the timeliness and success of new products or product enhancements, pricing of our solutions compared to our competitors, competitive conditions, customer spending levels, changes in the type and size of our customer base, the reliability and availability of our customer support, general economic and global market conditions, or other factors that are not known to us at this time. We have experienced growth in recent years, due in large part to sustained subscription growth and strong levels of subscription renewals, including customers who expand their use of our integrated platform over time. Our costs associated with renewals are lower than costs associated with acquiring new customers and selling additional products to existing customers. Therefore, our inability to attract new customers, or a reduction in renewals, even if offset by an increase in other revenue could reduce our operating margins in the near term and could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth prospects and operating results. Moreover, we focus our operations on entrepreneurs, customers with new ventures and those with established small and medium-sized businesses. We aim to grow our revenues by adding new customers, selling additional business solutions to these customers and encouraging them to continue to use and purchase our products and services. However, these customers often have limited budgets and may choose not to allocate resources to our solutions, especially in times of economic uncertainty or recessions. In addition, varying economic conditions could result in decreases or increases in business formations or failures of businesses we serve. If this market fails to be as lucrative as we project or we are unable to market and sell our services to these 24 Table of Contents businesses effectively, or we are unable to increase sales of our products to all customer segments we target, or may target in the future, our ability to grow our revenues and maintain profitability may be harmed. If we do not successfully develop and market products that anticipate or respond timely to the needs of our customers, our business and operating results may suffer. The markets in which we compete are characterized by constant change, innovation, frequent new product and service introductions and evolving industry standards. We expect these markets to continue to rapidly evolve, including as a result of developments in AI. Our historical success has been, in part, based on our ability to identify and anticipate customer needs and design products and services that provide our customers with the tools they need to grow their businesses. For example, following the launch of Airo in 2023, we have continued to enhance our AI-powered experience, most recently transforming the platform into an agentic solution built to handle our customers fundamental jobs to be done, such as domain searches and naming, logo creation and building websites and applications. We also continue to expand our commerce offerings, for example, we recently launched GoDaddy Capital, a merchant cash advance program, and Same-Day Payouts, an option for customers to elect to receive their payouts on the same day as the payment is processed. We must continue to identify our customers' needs and develop new and enhanced solutions, tools and technology to maintain our competitive position, including solutions and tools powered by AI. The process of developing new solutions and enhancements is complex, uncertain and can be costly. Our new products, product enhancements or technology advancements could fail to attain meaningful customer acceptance for many reasons, some of which may be unknown to us, but may include: • failure to accurately predict market demand or customer preferences; • failure to bring products to market on a timely or cost effective basis; • defects, errors or failures in product design or performance; • negative publicity about product performance or effectiveness, including negative comments on social media; • the perceived value of our products or product enhancements relative to their cost; • scalability of products or product enhancements; • general satisfaction of our customers; • changing regulatory requirements adversely affecting the products we offer; and • poor business conditions for our customers or poor general macroeconomic conditions. If our new products, product enhancements or technological advancements do not achieve adequate acceptance by our customers or do not result in increased sales or subsequent renewals, our competitive position will be impaired, our anticipated revenue growth may not be achieved and the negative impact on our operating results may be particularly acute because of the upfront technology and development, marketing and advertising and other expenses we may incur in connection with new products or enhancements. Our use, development, adoption, deployment and maintenance of AI and other new and evolving technologies may present significant risks, which could result in increased costs, litigation, reputational harm and liability. We are increasingly using new and rapidly evolving technologies, such as AI, including agentic AI, to, among other things, develop new tools and solutions, add new features in our existing solutions and enhance our own business operations. There are significant risks involved in the development, adoption, use, deployment and maintenance of AI, such as potential increases in intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims, privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, confidentiality, operational and technological risks, as well as risks associated with harmful content, accuracy, bias and discrimination, any of which could affect our further development, adoption, use, deployment and maintenance of AI. We also are developing and deploying agentic AI systems that operate with greater autonomy, which presents additional risks, including unintended or unauthorized actions and increased difficulty in predicting, supervising and controlling agentic behavior. Our use of AI technologies in new and existing solutions and within our business operations may result in new or increasing governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, ethical concerns, increases in research and development or other costs or other complications that are not yet known to us, each of which could adversely affect our business, reputation or financial results. 25 Table of Contents Legal and regulatory frameworks related to the use of AI are rapidly evolving, as regulation of the use of AI continues to be considered and adopted by various U.S. and international governmental and regulatory entities. Any failure by us to comply with any AI-related laws, rules and regulations could result in fines and negative publicity, which could result in reputational harm and damage to our business. In addition, the future impact of these or other new laws, rules or regulations on us is uncertain. We may not be able to adequately anticipate or respond to new laws, rules and regulations, and we may need to expend additional resources to adjust our offerings or update our business practices in certain jurisdictions if applicable legal frameworks are inconsistent across jurisdictions. The costs of complying with such laws, rules or regulations could be significant and could increase our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, many existing laws, rules and regulations apply to certain aspects of AI, such as automated decision making, affecting fundamental data subject rights. Similarly, the intellectual property ownership and license rights, including as related to copyright, surrounding AI technologies has not been fully addressed by international and U.S. courts or the laws, rules or regulations of the U.S., including U.S. states, and foreign jurisdictions. Any content created by us using generative AI tools may not benefit from intellectual property protection which may affect our ability to commercialize such content. The use or adoption of AI technologies in our solutions may subject us to copyright infringement or other intellectual property claims. If we, or third-party developers whose AI we rely on, do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material used or processed by such AI technology, we also may incur liability through the actual or alleged violation of applicable laws, rules and regulations, third-party intellectual property, privacy, or other rights or contractual obligations. We may not always be able to anticipate how to comply with these legal and regulatory frameworks and we may have to expend resources to adjust our tools, solutions or business operations to meet the standards set by such frameworks, which vary by jurisdiction. Any inability to appropriately comply with the existing laws, rules and regulations that implicate aspects of AI could result in legal liability, regulatory action or brand and reputational harm. Our use of AI could also pose other concerns. If we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy or if these new offerings do not work as we intend, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Further, AI may create content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, incomplete, insufficient, biased or otherwise flawed or contains copyrighted or other protected material, which may not be easily detectable despite internal policies and diligence efforts. To the extent we or our customers rely on such results, we could incur operational inefficiencies, competitive harm, brand or reputational harm, or other adverse impacts on our business and results of operations. Additionally, our employees, contractors, vendors and service providers' use of AI-powered software offered by third-parties may lead to the inadvertent disclosure of our personal, sensitive, proprietary or confidential information into publicly available third-party training sets, which may impact our ability to realize the benefit of, or adequately maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property or our personal, sensitive, proprietary or confidential information, harming our competitive position and business. The rapid evolution of the use of AI requires and will continue to require resources to develop, test and maintain our products and services and implement AI governance and controls to help ensure that AI is implemented appropriately to minimize unintended and harmful impacts. It is not possible to predict all risks related to the use of AI, and changes in laws, rules, directives and regulations governing AI may adversely affect our development, adoption, use, deployment and maintenance of AI or subject us to legal liability, regulatory action or brand and reputational harm. For further information concerning the risks posed by our competitors' use of AI, please refer to the Risk Factor "We face significant competition for our products, which we expect will continue to intensify, and we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position or market share." Evolving technologies, including AI-based technologies, and changes in customer behavior and practices with respect to the internet may impact the demand for and value of our products and services. Technologies related to our customers' Identity and Presence, including domain names, websites, website building, social media, search engines, apps, mobile devices and AI-powered tools and services have rapidly evolved and continue to evolve. This evolution and continued evolution could negatively impact the demand for certain of our products and services, including domain names, aftermarket, websites and website building tools or email and productivity solutions. For example, the domain name registration market continues to evolve and adapt to changing technologies, which has, and may in the future include, changes in the administration or operation of the internet, including the creation and institution of alternate systems for directing internet traffic without using the existing domain name registration system, or fundamental changes in the domain name resolution protocol used by web browsers and other internet applications. Additionally, technological changes to web browsers or internet search could reduce demand for domain names. If internet users' preferences or practices shift away from recognizing and relying on web addresses or they were to significantly decrease their use of web browsers in favor of apps or AI-based tools to locate and access content, demand for domain names in the gTLDs we operate could be negatively affected. 26 Table of Contents Our customers and their businesses rely heavily on tools and solutions that help them manage and grow their Presence, including dedicated websites, online stores and social media channels, such as Meta, TikTok, Snapchat, X and WeChat. As reliance on social media channels, applications and AI-powered tools increases, domain names, websites and online stores and marketplaces may become less prominent, and their value may decline. In addition, we are dependent on the interoperability of our products with these channels, applications and mobile devices. If we are unable to effectively integrate our solutions with and within these channels and applications or on these devices, we may lose market share. In addition, advances in AI, including tools that enable customers to create, modify, and deploy websites, applications or digital experiences using AI-powered platforms, including those that utilize natural language or other high-level inputs rather than traditional development workflows, may alter customer expectations and behavior with respect to website creation, hosting and management. If customers increasingly rely on third-party AI platforms, closed ecosystems or other competing services, including those that offer automated or natural-language-driven website creation and hosting capabilities, demand for our website building tools, hosting products, domain names or related services could decline or pricing pressure could increase, which could materially and adversely affect our business. The widespread acceptance of any alternative system, such as mobile applications, AI-powered products and tools or closed networks, could eliminate the need to register a domain name or to establish an online presence and could materially and adversely affect our business. These and other evolving technologies, including AI, and changes in customer behavior may have an adverse effect on our business and growth prospects. For further information concerning the risks posed by our competitors' use of AI, please refer to the Risk Factor "We face significant competition for our products, which we expect will continue to intensify, and we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position or market share." For further information concerning the legal and other risks arising from the development, adoption, use, deployment and maintenance of AI and AI-powered tools and solutions, refer to our risk factor "Our use, development, adoption, deployment and maintenance of AI and other new and evolving technologies may present significant risks, which could result in increased costs, litigation, reputational harm and liability." We face significant competition for our products, which we expect will continue to intensify, and we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position or market share. The market for our products and services is highly competitive, and we expect this competition to continue in the future as existing and new competitors introduce new solutions or enhance existing solutions. In addition, given our broad product portfolio, we compete with niche point-solution products as well as broader solution providers. These types of products and solutions continue to evolve, creating opportunities for new competitors to enter the market with point-solution products or address specific segments of the market. Our competitors include providers of domain registration services, web-hosting solutions, website creation and management solutions, e-commerce enablement providers, payment facilitation providers, cloud computing service and online security providers, alternative web presence and marketing solutions providers and providers of productivity tools such as business-class email. In addition, we and our competitors continue to invest in AI and integrate AI capabilities into products, services and internal operations. AI technology and services are highly competitive, rapidly evolving and may at times require significant investment, including with respect to development and operational costs, to meet the changing needs and expectations of our existing and potential customers and our own operations. Other companies may develop AI products and technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies or more cost-effective to deploy. If we fail to successfully and meaningfully develop, adopt, use, differentiate and maintain AI capabilities into our solutions and internal operations, effectively manage the related risks or if we are unable to translate AI adoption into tangible outcomes, such as improved productivity, enhanced customer experience or accelerated innovation, we may lag our competitors that are more effective at leveraging AI technologies and/or our growth and competitiveness could suffer. For further information regarding the potential impact of evolving technologies on customer behaviors and practices with respect to the internet, please refer to the risk factor "Evolving technologies, including AI-related technologies, and the administration of and changes in customer behavior and practices with respect to the internet may impact the value of and demand for our products and services." For further information concerning the legal and other risks arising from the development, adoption, use, deployment and maintenance of AI, refer to our risk factor "Our use, development, adoption, deployment and maintenance of AI and other new and evolving technologies may present significant risks, which could result in increased costs, litigation, reputational harm and liability." Some of our current and potential competitors could have greater resources, more brand recognition and awareness, more diversified product offerings, greater international scope and larger customer bases than we do, and we may therefore not be able to effectively compete with them. In addition, some of our competitors may seek to disrupt the market by offering their services 27 Table of Contents and products at low or no cost. If our competitors decide to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of products in the markets in which we compete, or if the products offered by these companies are more attractive to or better meet the evolving needs of our customers, our market share, growth prospects and operating results may be adversely affected. Increased competition in our industry could result in lower sales, price reductions, reduced margins, loss of market share and increased marketing expenses. Further, conditions in our market could rapidly and significantly change as a result of technological advancements, partnering by our competitors, market consolidation, the invention of similar or superior products and technologies or solution enhancements, which compete with our products and technologies. Our ability to continue to compete will depend upon our ability to provide better solutions than our competitors at more competitive prices. For additional information regarding our competitors, see the section titled "Competition," contained in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. Our pricing decisions may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. From time to time, we have changed our overall pricing model or the various price points of our solutions, and we expect to do so in the future. However, no assurance can be given that any new pricing model or price points will be optimal and changes in our price points or pricing model could result in a loss of customers or bookings. In addition, our competitors have in the past implemented, and may in the future implement, various pricing and bundling strategies, including discounts and reductions in price, which may be similar to or more attractive than our own. Individuals as well as small and medium sized businesses have been and could be sensitive to price increases or swayed by different price points offered by competitors. If changes in our pricing model or price points are unsuccessful, or the strategies of our competitors are more successful than our own, we may be unable to attract new customers or retain our existing customers and we may be required to reduce prices or make other changes to our pricing model to remain competitive. Any of these developments could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The future growth of our business depends in part on increasing our international revenue. Our continued international presence could subject us to additional risks. International revenue represented approximately 33%, 32% and 32% of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We continue to review and add systems as necessary to accept payments in forms common outside of the U.S., optimize our marketing efforts in numerous non-U.S. geographies, equip our customer care team with the knowledge to serve these markets and maintain and review the need to establish, as needed, customer care operations in overseas locations. In addition, we continue to expand our employee base in a number of international locations, including in India, Bulgaria and Serbia. Our international business and operations subject us to a variety of risks, including related to political, economic, social and other risks, some of which we may not generally encounter in the U.S. Such risks may include, but are not limited to: • management, communication and integration problems resulting from language barriers, cultural differences and geographic dispersion of our customers and personnel; • language translation of, and associated customer care guidance for, our products; • compliance with international laws, rules and regulations, including laws, rules and regulations regarding consumer protection, the internet and e-commerce or mobile commerce, intellectual property, online disclaimers and advertising, liability of internet service providers for activities of customers especially with respect to hosted content, competition, anti-bribery, privacy, data protection and cybersecurity; • accreditation and other regulatory requirements to do business and to provide domain name registration and registry services, web-hosting and other products in foreign jurisdictions; • greater difficulty in enforcing contracts, including our universal terms of service and other agreements due to differences in local legal regimes and court systems; • increased expenses incurred in establishing and maintaining office s

=== GDDY_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision in our Class A common stock (common stock). Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below and the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other public filings. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, reputation, operating results and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, reputation and growth prospects. Risk Factor Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and growth prospects. • If we are unable to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers, our business and operating results would be harmed. • If we do not successfully develop and market products that anticipate or respond timely to the needs of our customers, our business and operating results may suffer. • Our use, development, adoption, deployment and maintenance of AI and other new and evolving technologies may present significant risks, which could result in increased costs, litigation, reputational harm and liability. • Evolving technologies, including AI-based technologies, and changes in customer behavior and practices with respect to the internet may impact the demand for and value of our products and services. • We face significant competition for our products, which we expect will continue to intensify, and we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position or market share. • Our pricing decisions may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. • The future growth of our business depends in part on our international revenue. Our continued international presence could subject us to additional risks. • We have taken significant actions to support profitable growth. These actions may not succeed. If we do not effectively manage future growth, our operating results will be adversely affected. • Acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including investments or entries into new businesses, joint ventures, divestitures or other transactions, could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results. • We are exposed to the risk of system failures and capacity constraints. • We rely on information technology systems, including third-party cloud computing systems, and data centers to deliver many of our products and services. These information technology systems and data centers may experience outages, disruptions or degradations, and we may otherwise lose access to the services third-party service providers provide to us, any of which could impact our services, products and technology infrastructure. • An actual or perceived cybersecurity incident could impair our ability to conduct business, provide our products or services, protect data, and comply with contractual or legal obligations, and may cause us to incur substantial costs, or subject us to significant liability. 34 Table of Contents • We rely on our marketing efforts and channels to maintain awareness of our brand and acquire new customers. These efforts may require significant expense and may not be successful or cost-effective. • Our ability to increase sales of our products is highly dependent on the quality of our customer care. Our failure to provide high-quality customer care would have an adverse effect on our business, brand and operating results. • Our failure to properly register or maintain our customers' domain names or comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to domain name registration and maintenance could subject us to additional liability, regulatory action, expenses, claims of loss or negative publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business. • Our quarterly and annual operating results may be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below investor or analyst expectations. • Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to operate our business and our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, as well as divert our cash flow from operations for debt payments and prevent us from meeting our debt obligations. • Laws, regulations, policies or claims concerning the domain name registration system and the internet in general, and industry reactions to those policies or claims, may cause instability in the industry and disrupt our business. • We are subject to local and international laws, rules, regulations and orders relating to the operation and security of our computer network and the processing of data, including personal data. Complying with such laws, rules, regulations and orders may limit our operations and increase costs, and our failure or perceived failure to comply could expose us to litigation, enforcement actions, and reputational harm. • Our business depends on our customers' continued and unimpeded access to the internet and the development and maintenance of internet infrastructure. Internet access providers may be able to block, degrade or charge for access to certain of our products, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of customers. • Our business could be affected by new laws, rules, regulations or court orders regarding the internet. • We may face liability or become involved in disputes over registration and transfer of domain names and control over websites. • Our payments-related operations, including GoDaddy Payments, are subject to various laws, regulations, and restrictions. Our failure to comply with such rules, regulations, and restrictions regarding our payments-related operations or properly manage the risks inherent to such operations could materially harm our business. • Our share price may be volatile, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Strategic Risks If we are unable to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers, our business and operating results would be harmed. Our success largely depends on our ability to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers. We cannot be assured that we will achieve increasing growth rates in future periods as our ability to increase sales to new and existing customers and ultimately our total revenue could fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, such as lower demand or satisfaction with our solutions, the timeliness and success of new products or product enhancements, pricing of our solutions compared to our competitors, competitive conditions, customer spending levels, changes in the type and size of our customer base, the reliability and availability of our customer support, general economic and global market conditions, or other factors that are not known to us at this time. We have experienced growth in recent years, due in large part to sustained subscription growth and strong levels of subscription renewals, including customers who expand their use of our integrated platform over time. Our costs associated with renewals are lower than costs associated with acquiring new customers and selling additional products to existing customers. Therefore, our inability to attract new customers, or a reduction in renewals, even if offset by an increase in other revenue could 35 Table of Contents reduce our operating margins in the near term and could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth prospects and operating results. Moreover,