=== GDDY_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, and in our publicly available filings and press releases. These statements include, among other things, those regarding: our ability to continue to increase sales to new and existing customers; our ability to develop new solutions and bring them to market in a timely manner; our ability to timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing solutions; our ability to deploy new and evolving technologies, such as artificial intelligence, generative and artificial intelligence, machine learning and similar tools (collectively, AI) in our offerings; our dependence on establishing and maintaining a strong brand; the occurrence of service interruptions and security or privacy incidents and related remediation efforts and fines; system failures or capacity constraints; the rate of growth of, and anticipated trends and challenges in, our business and in the market for our products; our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, including changes in technology and development, marketing and advertising, general and administrative and customer care expenses, and our ability to maintain future profitability; our ability to maintain our high customer retention rates and grow the level of our customers' lifetime spend; our ability to provide high quality customer care; the effects of increased competition in our markets and our ability to compete effectively; our ability to grow internationally; the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our business and our ability to effectively manage the exposure to such fluctuations; our ability to effectively manage our growth and associated investments, including the migration of applications and services to the public cloud; our ability to integrate acquisitions, our entry into new lines of business and our ability to achieve expected results from our integrations and new lines of business; our ability to complete desired or proposed acquisitions, investments or divestitures; our ability to maintain our relationships with our partners; adverse consequences of our level of indebtedness and our ability to repay our debt; our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; our ability to maintain or improve our market share; sufficiency of cash and cash equivalents to meet our needs for at least the next 12 months; beliefs and objectives for future operations; our ability to stay in compliance with laws, rules and regulations currently applicable to, or which may become applicable to, our business both in the United States (U.S.) and internationally; economic and industry trends or trend analysis; 3 Table of Contents NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS (continued) our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; anticipated income tax rates, tax estimates and tax standards; our future taxable income and ability to realize our deferred tax assets; interest rate changes; the future trading prices of our Class A common stock; our expectations regarding the outcome of any regulatory investigation or litigation; and the amount and timing of future repurchases of our Class A common stock under any share repurchase program; as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition, growth prospects and business strategies. We operate in very competitive and rapidly changing environments, and new risks emerge from time-to-time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this Annual Report may not occur, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those implied in our forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances described in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Neither we, nor any other person, assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Investors and others should note that we use our Investor Relations website (https://investors.godaddy.net) as a means of disclosing material financial information. Accordingly, investors should monitor our Investor Relations website, in addition to following press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission filings, public conference calls and webcasts. Unless expressly indicated or the context suggests otherwise, references to "GoDaddy," "company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to GoDaddy Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 4 Table of Contents Part I. Item 1. Business Overview GoDaddy is a global leader serving a large market of entrepreneurs, developing and delivering easy-to-use solutions as a one-stop shop provider, backed by proactive, informed and personalized guidance. We serve small businesses, individuals, organizations, developers, designers and domain investors. Our vision is to radically shift the global economy toward life-fulfilling entrepreneurial ventures. Our mission is to empower entrepreneurs everywhere, making opportunity more inclusive for all. We are passionate about our mission and honored that entrepreneurs trust us with their ideas. Our 20.4 million customers are passionate and determined to transform their ideas into something meaningful. Our ability to evolve and build solutions and tools to handle our customers' fundamental jobs to be done uniquely positions us to help them navigate their individual journeys. Each customer's journey is unique and they tend to be non-linear and iterative in nature. We design our solutions and tools to help our customers across all aspects of their businesses and to assist them in growing across what we call the "Entrepreneur's Wheel." The Entrepreneur's Wheel represents our customers' needs within three main focus areas: Identity, Presence and Commerce. Our customers often start with the most intimate of brand considerations, their Identity, which includes their company name, domain name, logo and email address. Choosing a domain name is often an important initial step for customers as they start and grow their business. We provide the solutions they need to support the establishment of their brand with our domain services and our suite of AI-powered tools including GoDaddy Airo (Airo), which can assist with searching for the perfect domain name, generating a unique logo, building a customized website, establishing a domain-specific email and more. Our Identity solutions blend seamlessly into our Presence-based solutions to help our customers manage and grow their Presence online and offline. Our suite of Presence-based solutions, enhanced by Airo, enables our customers to market their products and services, connect with their own customers and syndicate their business across relevant third-party products and platforms. Our Presence solutions and tools include website building and hosting, social media, search engine visibility, security and other services. Finally, our suite of Commerce solutions enables our customers to sell directly online, in-person and across multiple channels, such as marketplaces and social platforms, and to integrate dynamic information everywhere they engage with current and potential customers. These solutions include GoDaddy Payments, point-of-sale (POS) systems, Tap to Pay on Mobile, GoDaddy Capital, Instant Payout and inventory and order dashboards for easier business management for our customers and their businesses. 5 Table of Contents We believe our customers should have trusted technology and great support at every point of their journey on the Entrepreneur's Wheel. With customer centric assistance through our GoDaddy Guides and AI-powered experiences, and our agentic tools and solutions on the Airo platform, we can provide intelligent, proactive and personalized guidance for our customers. We help set our customers up for success with personalized guidance from our GoDaddy Guides via phone and digital experiences, thousands of daily conversations and our gathering of valuable feedback to enable us to continually evolve our products and solutions and respond to our customers' changing needs. In addition, we are transforming our AI-powered solutions into agentic tools and solutions on our Airo platform. Our AI-powered agents are designed to handle our customers' fundamental jobs to be done such as domain searches and naming, logo creation and website building. These agents are built to deliver tailored support based on each customer's unique business needs, as they learn to anticipate next steps across multiple jobs to proactively guide our customers through each interaction. Our people and unique culture have been integral to our success. We live by the same principles that enable our customers' ideas to survive and thrive, including owning outcomes, building value, fusing forces, working courageously and living passionately. We take pride in delivering successful outcomes based on a culture of experimentation and data-driven decisions, which we believe help us drive our financial performance. We are also transforming the way we work. Our employees are identifying and deploying internal uses of AI to solidify gains in velocity and efficiency. From experimentation to Care, engineering and corporate functions, we are evolving beyond the value of generative AI and shifting focus on improvements driven by agents so that we can focus on our customers' jobs to be done. At GoDaddy, we are focused on supporting the evolution of the open internet, including the emerging concept of an agentic open internet , in which software and AI-enabled agents may assist individuals and businesses in completing tasks online. For more than 30 years, the open internet has enabled entrepreneurs to establish an online presence and grow their businesses, and GoDaddy has served as a foundational partner by providing domain names, digital identity and related infrastructure. In addition, as the internet continues to evolve with the rapid and developing use of AI-enabled agents, we believe the same foundational elements and infrastructures that have historically supported participation on the open internet, such as identity, naming and trust, could become increasingly important in an agentic open internet. For example, we expect infrastructure to be required to ensure that AI-powered agents can discover one another, validate identities and establish trust across domains allowing these agents to collaborate and complete end-to-end tasks with speed and precision. In response to these developments, we launched Agent Name Service (ANS), an open architecture built on industry standards to serve as a trust layer for AI-powered agents. ANS is in production with registered agents operational since the end of 2025. Developers can register agents through GoDaddy's public API, and the public can confirm and verify agent registrations through our ANS Transparency Log, which is globally accessible. ANS is intended to extend GoDaddy's role in supporting the open internet, and over time may present opportunities to offer additional services and partnerships related to agent identity and management. Our Customers and Solutions GoDaddy is built to serve the needs of customers by providing easy-to-use products on an integrated technology platform wrapped with proactive, informed and personalized guidance. Our Customers We serve several customer populations: (i) Independents, (ii) WebPros, (iii) Domain Investors, and (iv) Domain Registrars, Third Party Registrars and Corporate Domain Portfolio owners. While these customer populations tend to utilize many of the same GoDaddy product offerings, there are meaningful differences in their journeys, what they value, their goals and how they communicate with their current and potential customers. We aim to establish and provide solutions that address these differences. Our largest customer population, Independents, consists mostly of microbusinesses and non-commercial endeavors. Microbusiness owners have an entrepreneurial spirit, strong work ethic and, above all, passion for their ideas, yet their specific needs vary depending on their business and the phase of their journey. Independents range from individuals who have an initial business idea to established ventures that need help attracting customers, growing their sales, processing payments, managing their online presence or expanding their operations. Most Independents have fewer than five employees, and most self-identify as having little to no technology or design skills. These customers need our help to create a unique and secure identity and to build and grow their businesses with a branded website, social media and marketing content, commerce solutions to assist with payment processing and other productivity solutions, including email. Although our customers have differing degrees of resources and technical capabilities, they all share a desire to find tools to help them bring their ideas to life, enhance connections with their audience, sell their products and services and provide a seamless experience for both existing and new customers. 6 Table of Contents Our second largest customer population, WebPros, are website designers and developers who build websites on behalf of businesses and noncommercial organizations. WebPros are often freelancers, moonlighters or teams within website design agencies that often have website design as one of multiple streams of income. WebPros generally have more technical acumen and look for tools that provide greater flexibility, such as the WordPress content management system (CMS). Although WebPros have a need for technical depth and flexibility, they also benefit from our simplicity and guidance as tools to increase their throughput and maximize the use of their time. We offer these customers client management applications that aim to make it easier for them to manage their clients' websites on GoDaddy products such as Managed WordPress, or on another host. Our solutions are built to assist WebPros in managing their overall business with capabilities such as client billing, administrative access and shopping features, making it easier for them to buy and manage multiple products for their clients, as well as make use of enhanced technical support and discounts for reselling GoDaddy products. In addition, we support a variety of third-party control panels and content management tools favored by WebPros including cPanel, Plesk, Drupal, Joomla and more. Our third largest customer population is Domain Investors. Domain Investors are individuals or organizations who typically manage a portfolio of registered domains for the purpose of selling such domains in secondary markets. These investors bring a unique and valuable resource to our business in the form of liquidity and the ability to help our other customer populations (Independents and WebPros) successfully find a domain name that fits their business and their needs. We also serve Domain Registrars, Third Party Registrars and Corporate Domain Portfolio owners. Domain Registrars are organizations that have their own domain registration offerings, but who use our domain registration and management platform. These commercial arrangements provide for strategic relationships with many key platforms and enable further scale of our domain registration technology and insights. Third Party Registrars are served through GoDaddy Registry which provides wholesale generic top-level domains (gTLDs) and country-code top-level domains (ccTLDs) for registrars to sell to the end customer. These top-level domains (TLDs) provide alternatives to the .com domain that may more closely represent the names of our customers' ideas, businesses and brands. For registry operators, we provide a fully managed registry platform, including managing the full registry technology and operating stack at scale, with approximately 170 TLDs, including some of the largest brands in the world. We also serve corporate domain portfolio owners, organizations that maintain and manage a large portfolio of domain names, including general and international domains. These customers are looking for the most powerful, secure and intuitive technology to streamline their processes, unparalleled industry experience and expertise to navigate the complexities of managing a corporate portfolio, and a focused and dedicated team that can provide committed support with the highest levels of security, service and domain management. Our Solutions and Experiences We designed and developed an extensive set of easy-to-use technology solutions and seamless experiences to enable our customers' journeys along the Entrepreneur's Wheel and across multiple platforms and online marketplaces. We understand that no matter what our customers' needs are, or what stage of their business they are focusing on, they want solutions in a one-stop shop that meets them at every stage of their journey. We manage and report our business in the following two segments: Applications and Commerce (A C) , which primarily consists of sales of products containing our proprietary software, notably our website building products, our proprietary commerce solutions and third-party email and productivity solutions, as well as sales of certain products when they are included in bundled offerings of our proprietary software products. Core Platform (Core) , which primarily consists of sales of domain registrations and renewals, aftermarket domain sales, domain protection, website hosting products and website security products when not included in bundled offerings of our proprietary software products as well as sales of products not containing a software component. Applications and Commerce Bringing an idea to life online, establishing and maintaining a presence and continuing to grow requires the right tools and products. Website building solutions, e-commerce tools, digital marketing capabilities, email and other productivity solutions within the A C segment are designed to help our customers start, grow and scale their presence and their businesses. Our customers come to GoDaddy to build a professional website, attract customers, sell their products and services and accept payments online and in-person by engaging with our easy-to-use tools, managed in one place. During the years ended December 7 Table of Contents 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we derived approximately 38%, 36% and 34% of our total revenue, respectively, from sales of our A C products. Applications Products Our primary applications products include: Websites + Marketing . Websites + Marketing is an easy-to-use, do-it-yourself, mobile-optimized online tool that enables our customers to build effective websites and e-commerce enabled online stores with minimal technical skill. We offer a variety of plans, with pricing based on business, marketing, commerce and other features. With each of these plans, customers gain access to our AI-powered tools and solutions, which include natural language, conversational chat interfaces, also known as vibe coding, that can build a customizable and editable site based on each customer's unique needs. Additionally, we offer a wide range of industry-targeted professional design templates, which can be further customized using our editor by adding intent-driven sections, photos, videos or text. We design our websites and tools to work seamlessly on mobile devices and we focus on site performance to help enable websites to appear in search engine rankings. Managed WordPress. Managed WordPress is our streamlined, optimized website building experience that allows our customers to easily build and manage a WordPress site. Managed WordPress is designed for customers seeking greater flexibility and power than our Websites + Marketing solution. With our Managed WordPress site, we manage the administrative tasks for our customers, allowing them to spend more time building and growing their business. We offer a variety of plans, with pricing based on various features. In addition, our customers can efficiently build and modify their WordPress sites with our AI tools, including our natural language, conversational chat interfaces. These managed WordPress sites are built with automatic, regular backups and core updates, enhanced security, integrated Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), one-click migration tools, pre-installed extensions, plugins and themes, business email and backups and a staging site. Digital Marketing . We offer a range of marketing tools and services designed to help businesses acquire and engage customers and create content. These capabilities are available in an integrated offering with our website and commerce tools, or as a stand-alone offering for customers using other website content-management systems. The tools are designed for busy customers who may lack experience with online marketing, focusing on ease of use, mobile experience and delivering business results. Our digital marketing services include email marketing, reputation management and development of brand guides with personalized logos, fonts and more. Our digital marketing plans include access to AI-generated content through Airo, which assists customers in creating marketing campaigns, including customized social media posts, and provides dashboards that offer insights into site traffic, sales and orders. We also offer content creation through GoDaddy Studio, which helps our customers grow their brands by easily creating impactful visual content for almost any online platform, and Search Engine Optimization (SEO) tools to help our customers get their websites found on major search sites. Email and Productivity Solutions Our customers want to spend their time on what matters most to them, selling their products and services or helping their customers do the same. We provide them with productivity tools designed to help them more easily run their ventures, such as domain-specific email and productivity applications. Our primary email and productivity solutions products include: Microsoft 365 Email and Productivity Solutions . We offer fully-supported Microsoft 365 accounts that are easy to set up and use with our customers' domains. We offer Microsoft 365 through various plans, including email with calendar and contacts connected to a full suite of productivity tools, as well as file sharing and full desktop versions of Microsoft productivity applications, such as Outlook, Teams, Word, Excel and PowerPoint. For customers wanting to protect their email data, we provide email add on services, such as email backup services, encryption services (in partnership with ProofPoint), archiving services (in partnership with Barracuda) and other advanced e-mail security. Our customers can also make use of Microsoft Copilot through chat enabled features, or can purchase Microsoft 365 Copilot as an integrated solution for Microsoft Office apps. We help make Microsoft 365 and Microsoft 365 Copilot installation easy, allowing customers to be up and running quickly, including "do-it-for-me" migration services to move customers' existing email data to Microsoft 365 accounts. Other Email Accounts . We also offer email service plans through our partnerships with Titan email and Open Xchange email with multi-feature web interfaces that connect to our customers' domains. The pricing of these plans depends on the customer's desire for additional features, including increased email storage, AI-based tools, appointment booking, advanced email 8 Table of Contents security, archiving, and additional business applications. All our email accounts are ad-free and we offer added security functionality designed to protect from spam, viruses and other forms of online fraud, such as phishing. Commerce We aim to lead the small business commerce market by enabling GoDaddy customers of all sizes, from those starting out to those with established businesses looking to scale and grow, to sell everywhere their customers shop. We design our commerce products to help our customers sell online, in-person and on leading marketplaces, while being able to manage their sales from one place. In addition to robust commerce capabilities, we offer the lowest card transaction fees in the industry when compared to similar plans from other leading providers, which allows our customers to keep more of what they make. Our primary commerce products and services include: GoDaddy Payments. As a "payment facilitator," GoDaddy Payments enables our customers in both the U.S. and Canada to accept all major forms of payment, including Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover and contactless payments, including Apple Pay and Google Pay, with no long-term contracts or monthly minimums. This service enables our customers to start accepting payments in minutes with a simple setup and get paid, in many cases, as early as the next business day, all with the lowest fees in the industry when compared to similar plans from other leading providers. In addition, GoDaddy Payments is built-in as a payments acceptance method in all of our U.S. and Canada-based commerce products for easy enablement. Point-of-Sale and Payment Acceptance Solutions . We offer a line of Smart Terminal POS devices for businesses with in-store operations, including our swivel screen Smart Terminal Pro, countertop Smart Terminal Duo and compact, handheld Smart Terminal Flex. Our Smart Terminal devices are modern, dual screen all-in-one POS systems that allow our customers to manage in-store inventory and product catalogs and accept payments. In addition, the Smart Terminal line seamlessly integrates with our Websites + Marketing Online Store to unify in-person and online sales so businesses can offer "Buy online, pick up in-store" experiences to their customers. The Smart Terminal line also offers access to third-party applications that meet merchants' needs that we do not address directly. In addition to our Smart Terminal line of POS devices, we offer other payment acceptance solutions that allow our customers to accept payments their way while interacting with their customers wherever they may be. GoDaddy Invoicing is designed to allow our customers to create and send professionally branded invoices quickly and easily from their business email. Our Tap to Pay option on the GoDaddy Mobile App (iPhone and Android) allows customers to accept payments and sell on the go. Our Virtual Terminal allows customers to accept payments from their smartphone, tablet or computer with internet connection with no hardware needed. Our customers also have the ability to accept online payments without needing to create a website through our Online Pay Links that customers can brand and personalize with their domain, giving them another opportunity to build their brand through text, email or social media sites. We also provide merchants with QR code-based payments, allowing their customers to scan and pay through the GoDaddy Mobile App. Online Store. Our Websites + Marketing product includes online store capabilities, which allows our customers to transact business directly on their websites. Online store capability is easy to use and offers powerful commerce features with templates for websites that are optimized for mobile shopping, integrations with GoDaddy Payments and our Smart Terminal POS system, inventory and product catalog management, and growth tools for marketing. It also allows customers to sell on marketplaces such as Amazon, Etsy, eBay and Google Shopping and social media platforms such as Facebook and Instagram, with all channels managed from our centralized dashboard. Core Platform Our Core Platform products meet customers at a common starting place, establishing an exclusive, uniquely branded identity through domain registrations and renewals and an aftermarket domain platform. We also provide adjacent offerings to assist customers in building and maintaining a presence online, including website hosting and website security. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we derived approximately 62%, 64% and 66% of our total revenue, respectively, from sales of our Core Platform products. Domains Every great idea needs a great name and GoDaddy is the leading global domain naming service. Staking a claim on an identity with a domain name is an integral part of establishing a concept and presence online. We provide our customers with the 9 Table of Contents broadest selection of domains alongside high-quality search, discovery and recommendation tools, including our suite of AI-powered tools such as Airo, to help them find the right name for their idea. We are the global leader in domain name registration, with approximately 81 million domains under management as of December 31, 2025. Based on information reported in VeriSign's most recent Domain Name Industry Brief, this represented approximately 21% of the approximately 387 million domain names registered worldwide as of December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 94% of our customers purchased a domain from us. In addition, GoDaddy Registry provides a high-performance back-end registry technology platform with a portfolio of TLDs including .biz, .nyc, and .us. Our primary domains product offerings include: Primary Registrations . Using our website, mobile application or the Airo platform, we offer customers the ability to search for and register available domain names with the applicable registry. Our inventory for primary registrations is defined by the number of TLDs we offer. As of December 31, 2025, we offered for purchase over 460 different gTLDs, such as .com, .net and .biz, and 59 different ccTLDs, such as .co, .ca, .in and .jp. New TLDs must be applied for through and evaluated and approved by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) through its specific application processes. Hundreds of new gTLDs were launched through ICANN's "new gTLD program" initiated in 2012 (the Expansion Program) and the next round of the Expansion Program is expected to open in Q2 2026. New TLDs make it easier for companies and individuals to find and register unique domain names tailored to their ideas, industry or interests. In addition, ccTLDs are important to our international business and customers as we find that international customers often prefer a ccTLD for the country or geographic market in which they operate. Our primary registration offering relies heavily on our search, discovery and recommendation tools which enable our customers to find a domain name that matches their business needs and goals. We also sell domain registrations through relationships with third-party resellers and we provide back-end registry services supporting approximately 170 TLDs. Aftermarket . We operate a large domain aftermarket, which processes aftermarket, or secondary, domain name sales and we maintain a portfolio of approximately 1.0 million domain names. Our domain aftermarket is designed to enable the seamless purchase and sale of previously registered domain names through an online auction. Customers can initiate offers and counter offers, utilize the "buy now" feature or purchase a domain through the lease to own option. In addition, we allow our customers to "List for Sale" names under their registration, and we provide functionality for the entire registrar network to list expiring domains from their platforms and "List for Sale" functionality to registrar partners allowing their currently registered customers to list domain names within GoDaddy's aftermarket. These various channels provide a diverse inventory available to meet the demand from our customers. In addition, our GoDaddy Investor mobile application helps investors watch and bid on domains at auction and stay on top of their current bids from their mobile devices. We operate a cross-registrar network that automates transaction execution across registrars, thereby reducing the time required to complete a transaction. Registry . GoDaddy Registry is a provider of domain name registry services. GoDaddy Registry operates or provides back-end registry services to approximately 170 registry TLDs including ccTLDs, such as . us and .tv, city TLDs such as .nyc and .sydney, and general gTLDs such as .club, .health and .design. Our integrated registry solutions provide policy and operational support, and domain marketing, sales and strategic planning. Domain Name Add-ons . Domain name add-ons are features that are offered for purchase concurrently with domain name registrations and have low costs associated with their delivery. For example, in addition to privacy features included at no cost with every domain registered with GoDaddy, we offer more advanced full domain and ultimate domain protection products exclusively focused on protecting our customers' domains against bad actors and online risks, as well as domain ownership products, to prevent the accidental loss of a domain name. Hosting and Security For more technically sophisticated WebPros and other customers, we provide high-performance, flexible hosting and security products that can be used with a variety of open source design tools, including WordPress. We design these solutions to be easy to use, effective, reliable, flexible and provide great value. We offer a variety of hosting and security products enabling our customers to create and manage their identity, or in the case of WebPros, the identities of their end-customers. Our primary hosting and security products include: Shared Website Hosting . The term "shared hosting" refers to the housing of multiple websites on the same server. We operate, maintain and support shared website hosting in our owned and operated data centers and our leased co-located data 10 Table of Contents centers using either Linux or Windows operating systems. We currently offer several tiers of website hosting plans to suit the needs and resources of our customers, a majority of which use industry standard cPanel or Plesk Obsidian control panels. We also bundle our hosting plans with a variety of applications and products such as web analytics and SSL certificates. WordPress is the most used CMS on our shared hosting platform. Virtual Private Servers . Our broad range of virtual private server (VPS) offerings allows our customers to select the server configuration best suited for their applications, requirements and growth. Our VPS solutions provide our customers with a single virtual machine which runs multiple other virtual machines for other customers. Our VPS is designed for customers who need greater control, more advanced technical capabilities and higher performance than offered by our shared hosting plans. Our customers can tailor their VPS plans based on a range of performance, storage, bandwidth and operating system needs. Security and SSL Certificates . Our security product portfolio is a comprehensive suite of tools designed to help our customers secure their online presence. The portfolio includes (i) SSL certificates to help ensure information is secure between browsers and servers through encryption; (ii) the use of a content delivery network to improve a website's performance; (iii) a proprietary web application firewall to help keep customers' websites safe from hackers; (iv) managed security with malware scanning and site cleanups; and (v) a skilled team of security professionals working to secure our services or to provide support in the event of a disruption to our solutions. The GoDaddy Experience We believe our customers should have both trusted solutions and tools as well as great support to complement those solutions and tools at every point of their journey. With our customer-centric assistance powered by humans and AI, we can provide proactive, informed and personalized experiences within our GoDaddy solutions. GoDaddy Airo The Airo platform is an intelligent AI-experience that can help customers proactively build and grow their businesses with the power of generative and agentic AI solutions. Through our Airo agents, we aim to help our customers with their jobs to be done by providing solutions based on informed interactions across the GoDaddy suite of products and services, small business industry expertise, knowledge queries and best practices. Our Airo agents can help our customers with various jobs, including domain search and naming, personalized logo creation, website build, marketing and compliance. The Airo platform also provides our customers with natural language, conversational interfaces, also known as vibe coding, which allows for seamless publishing of their website infused with guided assistance. GoDaddy Guides Our GoDaddy Guides consist of approximately 5,700 specialists worldwide who are readily available to provide care to and build strong relationships with our customers throughout their lifetime. Our customers deeply value expertise and know-how that is individualized and unique to their ventures and our Guides are trained and supported to provide the high-quality, responsive and personalized guidance that our customers need. In addition, our GoDaddy Guides market our brand through their recommendations of our solutions to specifically meet the needs of our customers to support their growth. The Agentic Open Internet and Agent Name Service At GoDaddy, we are focused on supporting the evolution of the open internet, including the emerging concept of an agentic open internet , in which software and AI-enabled agents may assist individuals and businesses in completing tasks online. For more than 30 years, the open internet has enabled entrepreneurs to establish an online presence and grow their businesses, and GoDaddy has served as a foundational partner by providing domain names, digital identity and related infrastructure. In addition, as the internet continues to evolve with the rapid and developing use of AI-enabled agents, we believe the same foundational elements and similar infrastructures that have historically supported participation on the open internet, such as identity, naming and trust, could become increasingly important in an agentic open internet. For example, we expect infrastructure to be required to ensure that AI-powered agents can discover one another, validate identities and establish trust across domains allowing these agents to collaborate and complete end-to-end tasks with speed and precision. In response to these developments, we launched ANS, an open architecture built on industry standards to serve as a trust layer for AI-powered agents. ANS is in production with registered agents operational since the end of 2025. Developers can register agents through GoDaddy's public API, and the public can confirm and verify agent registrations through our ANS Transparency Log, which is globally accessible. ANS is intended to 11 Table of Contents extend GoDaddy's role in supporting the open internet, and over time may present opportunities to offer additional services and partnerships related to agent identity and management. Our Opportunity and Advantages Our Opportunity Empowering Entrepreneurs Our mission is to empower entrepreneurs everywhere, making opportunity more inclusive for all. Our customers represent a large and diverse market that we believe is fundamentally underserved by other companies. According to the U.S. Small Business Administration's Office of Advocacy, 99.9% of all firms in the U.S. are small businesses, of which there were approximately 36.2 million, based on the Census Bureau's 2022 Statistics of U.S. Businesses. These small businesses are estimated to represent approximately 43.5% of total U.S. gross domestic product. We believe a significant market exists for our products and services, and we believe our addressable market extends beyond small businesses and includes individuals and organizations, such as universities, community organizations, charities and hobbyists. Core Entrepreneurial Needs We Serve - Meeting our Customers at Every Phase of the Entrepreneur's Wheel While our customers' needs change depending on where they are in their journey, the most common customer needs we serve include: Identity . Our customers want to develop an identity by finding a name that distinctly identifies their business, hobby or passion. We believe their identity includes more than a simple, mobile-enabled website, our customers also need the ability to get found across various search engines, social media platforms and vertical marketplaces. And while our customers' online identities start with creating and managing these points of presence, their identities are amplified through content generation and the ability to engage and transact online with their customers and audience. Presence . Presence represents the need of our customers to present themselves to their customers, which they do through an ever-expanding set of options through their website and across various marketing channels, email, marketplaces and social media. Being able to seamlessly create and post content quickly is imperative. What it means for our customers to be online continues to evolve. Having an effective online presence often means having a combination of: (i) a secure and content-rich website viewable from any device; (ii) a presence on multiple social media channels (e.g., Meta, TikTok, Snapchat, X and WeChat); (iii) getting found by search engines (e.g., Google); and (iv) establishing a presence on: (a) an increasing number of horizontal marketplaces (e.g., Yelp and Eventbrite); (b) vertical marketplaces (e.g., Zillow, OpenTable and HomeAdvisor); and (c) e-commerce platforms (e.g., Amazon, eBay and Etsy). Commerce . Commerce reflects our customers' need for reliable, seamless payment and transaction capabilities across both online and in-person environments. Their customers' expectations are shaped by enterprise-grade experiences, including fast, secure and flexible payment options such as digital wallets, tap to pay and integrated payment processing. Whether selling products or services, our customers need to accept payments wherever and however transactions occur, enabling customers to discover offerings online, engage digitally, book appointments when applicable and complete transactions smoothly in-person or online. Supporting Entrepreneurs at Every Stage of Their Journey - How We Can Help Them Grow, Operate and Succeed While identity, presence and commerce form the foundation of an entrepreneur's online journey, sustained success requires ongoing enablement and support. Our customers are focused on completing their essential jobs to start, run and grow their businesses, often with limited time, resources and technical expertise. We support our customers in completing these jobs in a variety of ways including: Facilitating customer interaction as our customers grow their business. Our customers need to effectively communicate with their customer base and potential customers across a communication landscape that is fragmented in both form and function. We offer our customers solutions across this landscape, which includes: (i) branded email communication, originating with domain registration and email creation through an email client; (ii) online marketing in a variety of content types and channels; (iii) online commerce with reservation and scheduling, product catalogs, e-commerce and payment processing capabilities, including in-person POS payment processing; (iv) messaging capabilities, including across SMS, Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp and other messaging platforms; and (v) email marketing. Surrounding these channels and tactics, our customers also need easy-to-use tools to run their businesses. 12 Table of Contents Saving time, reducing complexity and enabling focus through intelligent automation. Our customers increasingly need solutions that simplify how they establish, operate and grow their businesses. They want intelligent solutions that reduce manual effort, eliminate complexity, help them move from intent to outcome more efficiently across the Entrepreneur's Wheel and proactively execute tasks that meet their needs. With Airo, our customers can utilize agents that are designed to handle these fundamental jobs to be done, including domain searches and naming, logo creation and building websites and applications. Technology that is easy-to-use, reliable, secure, efficient, performance enhancing and evolves with their needs. Our customers vary significantly, but their needs for an integrated platform and set of tools that enable their domain, website, marketing and commerce solutions are the same. They need tools that easily work together as their ideas grow and become more complex. Our customers expect reliable products and want to be confident that their digital presence is secure, even when customized. They work on their ideas whenever and however they can and need solutions that fit their lifestyle and schedule. Our tools and solutions provide a platform that can meet the range of needs, demands and levels of sophistication of our customers, from those that may not be technologically savvy to more sophisticated customers such as WebPros. In addition to our standalone tools and solutions, Airo helps small businesses establish their online presence and grow through AI-powered tools that assist with domain searches, logo and image creation, website and social media posts, ad design and email marketing campaigns. Connecting with a real person when they need help. Depending on their journey, a customer may seek guidance on setting up a website, launching new features or trying a new tool or solution, and they need that guidance on their time. Our customers need real people who are readily available and can provide care at all levels of technical sophistication. Our Guides are readily available to provide care to our customers while building strong relationships to support them throughout their journeys. In addition, we provide customer care by handling some of the more difficult and arduous tasks for them through a collection of managed service offerings and our Airo-enabled solutions. For example, customers that utilize our Airo-enabled solutions have access to proactive, informed and personalized support as they work on building website content, creating logos, preparing engaging social media posts and more. Affordable solutions . Our customers often have limited financial resources and may be unable to make large, upfront investments in the latest technology. Our customers need affordable solutions that deliver impactful results to level the playing field with the tools that allow them to appear and act as bigger ventures. We aim to provide affordable products and services for our customers at every level to support their businesses. We believe that serving our customers' needs helps create deep relationships, where we are viewed as not just a solution provider, but also a guide and partner to their journey on the Entrepreneur's Wheel. This makes for a favorable business and economic model, aligning GoDaddy's mission and vision with our customers needs and interests. Our stable and durable business model is driven by strong brand recognition, efficient customer acquisition, high customer retention rates, increasing lifetime spend of our customers and our ability to attract high intent customers. In 2025, we generated $4,951.1 million of revenue, up 8.3% from $4,573.2 million in 2024, and we generated $5,400.0 million in total bookings, up 7.2% from $5,038.8 million in 2024. We believe the breadth and depth of our tools and solutions, seamless ease-of-use in a one-stop shop, our proactive, informed and personalized guidance and the responsiveness of our GoDaddy Guides and our evolving AI-powered solutions continues to build our strong customer relationships leading to high customer retention rates. In each of the five years ended December 31, 2025, our customer retention rate was approximately 85%, with the exception of the year ended December 31, 2024 when the retention rate was approximately 84% due to divestitures, migrations and end of life of certain products as part of our efforts to streamline brands outside of the GoDaddy platform. The retention rate for our customers who had been with us for over three years as of December 31, 2025 was approximately 90%. Greater than 89% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 was generated by customers who were also customers in the prior year. In addition, in 2025, we had over 2.0 million customers who each spent more than $500 a year on our product offerings. Our Advantages Our customers serve many roles in their business; they simultaneously run marketing, accounting, service delivery operations, customer service, people operations and many others. Time is often their most valuable resource and complexity is their hindrance. Our customers want an impactful online presence, but may not have the time and skills to make that happen. Our goal is to be a trusted partner to these entrepreneurs, bringing together the technology, ease of use and guidance necessary to bring their ideas to life online. We believe the following strengths provide us with competitive advantages in serving these needs: 13 Table of Contents Global Brand Awareness. Our global brand benefits from high awareness as the leading domain name provider, with approximately 81 million domains under management as of December 31, 2025. Based on information reported in VeriSign's most recent Domain Name Industry Brief, this represented around 21% of the approximately 387 million domain names registered worldwide as of December 31, 2025. Our global presence gives us the ability to leverage our brand, a competitive advantage when customers search for products and solutions. We have 20.4 million paying customers and a customer retention rate of over 85% for the year ended December 31, 2025. We market and sell to customers in over 200 markets around the world and in 2025, 48% of our customer base and approximately a third of our revenue was derived from our international presence. Seamlessly Intuitive Experiences. Our customers often self-identify as non-technical and inexperienced in areas such as marketing, content creation and customer management. Because they may lack the expertise to take full advantage of powerful tools, customers may be overwhelmed as they attempt to build and maintain their business. Our solutions aim to simplify this complexity with seamlessly intuitive experiences. For example, with Managed WordPress, we help reduce the complexity of launching and managing WordPress sites so our customers can stay focused on growing their business, not managing complex WordPress hosting tasks. We provide this on a fully managed platform supported by our AI-powered tools and solutions, including Airo site designer and SEO and site optimization. With Websites + Marketing, our proprietary CMS, we incorporate seamlessly intuitive experiences by uniting marketing, content, commerce and customer management tools into a single experience. Additionally, with Airo, our AI-powered experience, we aim to reduce complexities for our customers through agentic AI solutions that can anticipate needs and next steps and provide solutions through informed interactions, small business industry expertise, knowledge queries and best practices. Airo can also help our customers build their identity with domain searching, personalized logos, email inboxes and email templates and aims to help our customers grow their business with proactive email and text messages, proposed product descriptions and social media posts, conversational UI landing pages and auto-generated product catalogs. We also seek to leverage data and insights to personalize the products and experiences of our customers as well as tailor our solutions and marketing efforts to each of our customer groups. The automation and content creation abilities inherent in these tools elevate the discoverability of and engagement with our products, creating a true one-stop shop experience. This further enhances our customers' capacity to market their products, sell online, manage their businesses and grow, all in a seamless, low-friction manner. We constantly seek to improve our website, marketing programs and customer care to intelligently respond to each stage of our customers' journeys and identify their specific product needs based on experimentation. This allows us to interact more frequently with our customers and understand what products work well for them. We intend to continue investing in our technology and data platforms to harness the power of AI to further enable our personalization efforts and make our products even more intuitive for our customers. Personalized Guidance . Our customers deeply value expertise and know-how, which has been part of the GoDaddy ethos since our founding. Our customers' needs are highly individualized and unique to their ventures, which we believe makes operating a guidance experience at scale a competitive advantage. This guidance is delivered through our global Care organization, including our GoDaddy Guides, who provide trusted personalized, human support to customers across a wide range of technical sophistication, business models and stages of growth and our AI-based Care tools that provide proactive, informed and personalized guidance. Our Guides and bots combine product knowledge with an understanding of customer intent to help customers navigate complexity, adopt new capabilities and make progress toward their goals with confidence. In addition, as we continue to introduce AI-powered tools, including our Airo-enabled solutions, we leverage insights from these customer interactions to inform and enhance both our automated experiences and human-led guidance. We believe this combination of intelligent technology and trusted human support strengthens customer outcomes and deepens long-term relationships. We continue to extend this competency into several new interfaces and subject matters, which allow us to take learnings and insights gained from customer interactions to build and grow our offerings and drive more thoughtful engagements for our customers. For example, within our Websites + Marketing platform, customers can utilize our AI-powered marketing consultant to create marketing plans as they seek to market their businesses in a number of different channels based on the type of their venture and their geography. We also offer a range of training and engagement content available for our customers, through a number of different content forums and across platforms like YouTube and Instagram. In addition, customers who utilize Airo-enabled solutions get access to proactive, informed and personalized support for website content, logos, ready-to-use social media posts and more. 14 Table of Contents GoDaddy Small Business Research Lab . Established in 2018, GoDaddy's Small Business Research Lab (formerly, Venture Forward) aims to quantify the economic impact of more than 20 million microbusinesses across the U.S., UK, Australia and Canada (measured by a unique domain and an active website) have on their economies. Most of these businesses employ fewer than ten people, categorizing each as a microbusiness. While these microbusinesses may be small, we discovered through our research that their impact on economies is often outsized. The data gathered by the Small Business Research Lab helps those studying, reporting on or advocating for entrepreneurs understand developing themes and insights into microbusiness/digital entrepreneurship. The data also helps us better understand our customers' mindsets, the requirements and challenges they face from start-up through more substantial developments, their aspirations as well as their current circumstances. We can also tailor topics covered by our survey to reflect current events, providing real time updates that can inform on key insights and themes from the populations surveyed. We publish five primary datasets on the Small Business Research Lab Data Hub, most of which are updated quarterly and downloadable for free. Operations Human Capital Our people embody the same grit and determination as our customers. Our world-class engineers, designers, marketers and GoDaddy Guides share a passion for technology and its ability to change our customers' lives. We live by the same principles that enable our customers' ideas to survive and thrive, including owning outcomes, building value, fusing forces, working courageously and living passionately. Our relentless pursuit of building value and doing right for our customers has been a crucial ingredient of our growth. This mindset is reinforced by a culture of experimentation that encourages learning, iteration and thoughtful risk-taking, allowing teams to test ideas, refine solutions and adapt quickly to changing customer needs. As of December 31, 2025, we employed 5,845 people worldwide, made up of 2,414 in technology and development, 2,237 in care and services (who represent the portion of our GoDaddy Guides that are employed directly by GoDaddy), 369 in marketing and advertising and 825 in general and administrative functions. In addition to the 2,237 GoDaddy Guides discussed above, we partner with various third-party providers and vendors to provide contracted care and support services to our customers; approximately 3,400 individuals are employed with or engaged by our external partners. These third-party providers are primarily located in international markets, most significantly in India and the Philippines. A majority of our employees are based in the U.S. and Europe. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union or are party to any collective bargaining agreement in connection with his, her or their employment with us. Certain of our employees in Germany are represented by employee works councils and some other internationally based employees are represented by worker representatives in accordance with local regulations. At GoDaddy, we strive for a workplace culture where everyone has the opportunity to thrive. We support this goal by focusing on key human capital initiatives including: Compensation, Pay Parity and Benefits. We actively work to attract a diverse employee population and are committed to providing equitable opportunity in all aspects of employment. In line with this, our compensation programs and practices are designed to compensate our employees fairly based on the work that they perform. Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee aims to design compensation programs that align our pay for performance philosophy at each stage at which compensation decisions are made, including at hire, promotion and throughout the annual compensation cycle. Since 2015, we have published our gender pay parity analysis, and we have compensated our employees, regardless of gender, substantially the same (after controlling for legitimate compensable factors) for performing similar jobs across the company for all entities included in our analysis. In 2017, we began reporting on our race and ethnicity pay practices across U.S.-based employee populations and reported that, according to our analysis of such data, we have paid employees, regardless of their race and ethnicity, substantially the same for performing similar jobs across the company. We report on our analysis annually in our sustainability disclosures. In addition to these pay practices, we continue to offer employees a range of comprehensive and competitive benefits and well-being offerings that support our human-centered approach and that allow us to attract and retain top talent. Talent and Career Development. We commit to providing fulfilling career development opportunities for our employees. Through our learning and development initiatives, we aim to achieve three goals: (i) align employees to our company strategy and goals; (ii) connect employees through experiential learning; and (iii) grow employee skill sets for the future. We offer extensive learning opportunities to our employees spanning leadership, sales, service and technology and compliance training through e-learning, instructor-led content, video-based and blended platforms. We offer several leadership development opportunities including new manager onboarding, a leadership 15 Table of Contents development program for managers and above. In addition, for our GoDaddy Guides, we offer continuing education and training programs that are immersive with environments, technology and tools that enable active learning . Harnessing the Power of AI For Our Employees . We are supporting our employees with the latest technologies to enhance and assist in productivity and learning, including AI solutions and software. We aim to provide our employees with AI-powered tools and experiences, such as various large language models (LLMs), AI-enabled companions and our internal AI-powered chat interface, to enhance their effectiveness and efficiency. In 2025, substantially all of our employees used AI tools at least once a month, and over half of the code our teams are generating is written by our AI tools and solutions. In addition, our Care team uses AI tools to help analyze contacts for opportunities to improve our offerings, our website and our Care experiences. Employee Engagement. We aim to create a working environment and culture in which our employees feel respected and supported to do their best work. To that end, we ensure that we are engaging, listening and responding to employee concerns through our annual anonymous employee engagement survey known as GoDaddy Voice. Approximately 79% of our employees participated in the survey in 2025. We monitor employee responses to identify areas of opportunity and set goals and expectations for improvement to ensure employees feel connected and engaged with GoDaddy's mission, our customers and their own teams. Following a comprehensive review, the key results, areas of progress and opportunity, and plans for improvement are shared with all employees. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging. At GoDaddy, we are committed to attracting, hiring, and retaining the best talent from around the world. We strive to foster a diverse, inclusive and equitable workplace where all employees have the opportunity to learn, grow, and succeed. Our employee resource groups (ERGs) play an important role in supporting these goals. ERGs are voluntary, employee-led groups open to all employees that focus on the common topics, identities, affinities, and interests that matter to our people. Aligning with our values of fusing forces and respecting one another, our ERGs help employees connect with one another, feel a sense of belonging at GoDaddy, support one another's professional development and come together. We also continuously work to have hiring, development, and retention practices that enable GoDaddy to be an employer of choice for top talent globally. As we work to make opportunity more inclusive for all, we remain committed to cultivating a workplace where our employees can thrive. Community Engagement. GoDaddy's community engagement efforts, led by our Corporate Sustainability ESG team, support employee volunteerism and philanthropy as an extension of our commitment to the communities where we live and work. GoDaddy employees are eligible annually for 20 hours of paid time off to volunteer. We also offer each GoDaddy employee up to $1,500 annually, which they can use as one-to-one matches on their donations to eligible nonprofit organizations and/or $35 donation to eligible nonprofits for every hour the employee volunteers with the organization. These programs empower our employees to support causes that matter most to them. Our board of directors and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee oversee our human capital management programs, practices and strategies. Additional information on these matters and their oversight can be found in our annual proxy statement. Our most recently published pay parity practices and company-wide gender and racial/ethnic representation are published in our annual sustainability disclosures, which is available on our website along with our recent EEO-1 Report. Technology and Infrastructure Our products, customer experiences and business systems are enabled by our technology and infrastructure to provide scalability, security and flexibility. Technology and development expenses, including those expenses related to our technology platform, were $841.5 million, $814.4 million and $839.6 million during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The growth in our technology and development expenses has been driven primarily by our focus on enhancing customer experiences through the use of software-driven products. Our scalable infrastructure platform was built to allow for economies of scale and enable next-generation hosting architecture for our customers, while investing in faster, denser and more efficient data centers, improved network connectivity and resiliency, both domestically and internationally. We aim to provide a reliable and secure global platform and resilient infrastructure. Our investments in technology, including engineering talent, patents, online security, customer privacy, reliable infrastructure and data science capabilities, enable us to innovate and deliver personalized solutions for our customers. Our API-driven technology platform is built on open source technologies such as OpenStack and Ceph. Additionally, our platform allows our developers to create new and enhanced products or product features assembled from common building blocks, allowing for faster deployment cycles. We believe our products work best together and provide greater value and ease of use when integrated through our platform, compared to customers 16 Table of Contents purchasing individual solutions from multiple providers and attempting to integrate on their own. As of December 31, 2025, we had 2,414 employees in technology and development and 354 issued patents in the U.S. and other countries covering various aspects of our product offerings. Additionally, as of December 31, 2025, we had 13 pending U.S. and international patent applications and intend to file additional patent applications in the future. Physical Infrastructure and Management Our physical technology infrastructure supports our products, experiences and business systems through servers located in data centers around the world. As a leading website hosting platform, we invest significantly in our network to handle significant internet traffic at low bandwidth costs. We invest in the automation of our physical data center infrastructure and use open source solutions when possible to automate manual processes and reduce the risk of human error and lower our operating costs. Additionally, we leverage a common infrastructure based on OpenStack, Kernel-based Virtual Machine and Ceph to enable next-generation services. We continue to migrate many of our non-hosting products and internal systems to Amazon Web Services. Our infrastructure consolidations have reduced our managed physical footprint by approximately 81% over the last four years, and have accelerated our ability to deliver performant and reliable customer experiences. These efforts and our technology infrastructure footprint allow us to scale and provide our customers with valuable products at affordable prices. Customer Experience and Business Systems Our platforms provide our global customers with easy-to-use products, by allowing us to experiment and quickly deploy improvements incorporating our data insights. Our investments in our platform capabilities include the following: E-commerce Platform and Application Services. We invest in the architecture and capabilities of our e-commerce platform to create an ecosystem where we can rapidly scale up or down and integrate with third-party offerings. The platform broadens our distribution channels by being extensible and allowing resellers to easily sell our products. We seek to continuously launch new and relevant applications and streamline our existing offerings to provide the best user experience to our customers. Data Platform. Our horizontal data platform helps us be a trusted source of data about our customers and their online ideas through accurate, meaningful and easily consumable data insights, which allows us to build best-in-class, personalized experiences for our customers. Our data platform is key to helping us deepen our customer and business insights, which enable innovation through instrumentation, experimentation and analysis. Content and Marketing Platform. Our content and marketing platforms leverage the latest technology, operational and production models that enable us to deliver customer-centric digital experiences at an accelerated pace through multiple touchpoints and channels. Our content platform and content creation processes help us realize efficiencies and scalability, which enhance our ability to drive new, high-quality products and customer experiences to market faster. We focus on driving advancements in experimentation, the speed and volume of content creation, localization and content self-service, while ensuring platform availability and performance. We also deliver new engagement marketing capabilities that improve business effectiveness and customer experiences. Product Development We continue to expand the ways we serve our customers to meet them on their journeys and handle their fundamental jobs to be done. Our primary website building products (Websites + Marketing and Managed WordPress), email offerings (Microsoft 365 and Titan email), domain aftermarket, website security, and commerce products each represent jobs to be done across the Entrepreneur's Wheel that are complementary to our long-standing offerings and provide our customers with a one-stop shop solution with human-centered guidance. Our key product development initiatives include: Harnessing the Power of AI For Our Customers. We design our AI-powered tools and experiences to enhance our customers' discoverability of and engagement with the full suite of our product offerings and to reduce the friction inherent in establishing an online presence and growing a businesses. Such tools are built to help our customers go from idea to payment acceptance in minutes with all their other business needs in between. In 2025, we continued to harness the power of AI, with a focus on enabling agentic AI capabilities across Airo and our existing products. Our expanded AI solutions include conversational chat interfaces that utilize natural language to help with website creation and customization; Airo Plus Logo, which supports automated brand identity creation; Airo Plus Marketing, to assist with AI-enabled marketing content and campaign management; and Airo Plus Site Optimizer, an AI-driven tool to obtain website performance insights and recommendations. We also established Airo.ai, a new website built on the GoDaddy Software Platform to help customers efficiently accomplish key jobs to 17 Table of Contents be done, from establishing an online presence to growing and managing their business. We also use AI-enabled tools internally to support productivity and efficiency across certain functions and to facilitate experimentation, testing, and iteration in product development and operations. Powering a Simple and Effortless Presence . We offer a range of solutions that help our customers publish their ideas online, including Websites + Marketing and Managed WordPress. These solutions combine mobile-optimized website builders with an integrated set of marketing and e-commerce solutions, all of which are enhanced with AI-powered tools. We continue to invest in Websites + Marketing and other tools, templates and technology to make building, maintaining and updating a professional presence simple and easy. We continue to introduce AI-powered capabilities across our suite of products aimed at delivering proactive, informed and personalized website content, logos, domains, ready-to-use social media posts, marketing calendars, email communications and more. The automation and content creation abilities inherent in these tools help elevate the discoverability of and engagement with our products, creating a true one-stop shop experience. This further enhances our customers' capacity to market their products, sell online, manage their businesses and grow, all in a seamless, low-friction manner. Making the Business of Business Easy . Our business applications range from domain-specific email and email marketing to payment tools to help our customers interact and communicate with their customers and grow their ideas. For example, GoDaddy Conversations is a communications platform that helps small businesses support, engage and convert customers through email, text, online chat, social media, voice and video conversations. GoDaddy Conversations is also integrated with Google's Business Messages, allowing customers with Websites + Marketing plans to receive messages from their customers using Google Search and Google Maps. We intend to continue investing in the breadth of our product offerings to help our customers connect with their customers and run their ventures. Enabling the Next Generation of Naming . We are the global leader in domain name registration, with approximately 81 million domains under management as of December 31, 2025. We offer easy and efficient domain name search tools, including through Airo, that can be accessed through our website and mobile application. Customers can search using business descriptions or natural language through our chat interface options available on Airo.ai, which suggests a wide variety of creative domain and business name recommendations aimed to suit each customer's needs. In addition, through GoDaddy Registry, we operate or provide back-end registry services to approximately 170 TLDs. We also offer an expanded secondary aftermarket to help match buyers to sellers who already own domains. For example, with GoDaddy Auctions, customers can find the perfect domain or invest in an inventory of domain listings and exclusive expired auctions, and they can even watch and bid on domains at auction and stay on top of current bids with our GoDaddy Investor mobile application. We continue to invest in search, discovery and recommendation tools, including those that are AI-powered, and transfer protocols for both primary and secondary domains. In 2025 we started preparations for and work on an approach towards our participation in the next ICANN gTLD round. These efforts will continue throughout 2026. In addition, GoDaddy Registry now provides domain name blocking that is designed to help rights holders to take control of their online identity. Partnering Up. Our flexible platform enables us to form strategic partnerships and quickly launch new products and offerings for our customers, including through partnerships such as Microsoft 365 to offer email and productivity solutions to our customers. Additionally, we maintain and have ongoing processes to ensure we have a robust pipeline of potential future partnership opportunities to continue identifying value-added product and service offerings. Helping Customers Sell Anything Anywhere. Our commerce solutions are designed to grow with our customers' businesses enabling them to seamlessly sell both offline and online, from online marketplaces and social platforms, while easily managing their sales in one place. We continue to build our suite of commerce solutions, which includes GoDaddy Payments, Tap To Pay on Mobile App and Smart Terminals. In 2025, we launched GoDaddy Capital, a merchant cash advance program available to GoDaddy Payments users, that allows them to apply for an advance of up to $1.0 million and Instant Payouts, an on-demand payout option allowing our customers to get their payout on any day, including weekends and holidays. We also expanded commerce functionality within Websites + Marketing Commerce and introduced AI-enabled capabilities across payments and other commerce solutions to support setup, management, and optimization of selling activities. Enabling Trust and Discoverability for AI-Powered Agents. At GoDaddy, we are focused on supporting the evolution of the open internet, including the emerging concept of an agentic open internet , in which software and AI-enabled agents may assist individuals and businesses in completing tasks online. For more than 30 years, the open internet has enabled entrepreneurs to establish an online presence and grow their businesses, and GoDaddy has served as a foundational partner by providing domain names, digital identity and related infrastructure. As the internet continues to evolve with the rapid and developing use of AI-enabled agents, we believe the same foundational elements and similar infrastructures that have historically supported 18 Table of Contents participation on the open internet, such as identity, naming and trust, will become increasingly important in an agentic open internet. For example, we expect infrastructure to be required to ensure that AI-powered agents can discover one another, validate identities and establish trust across domains allowing these agents to collaborate and complete end-to-end tasks with speed and precision. In response to these developments, we launched ANS, an open architecture built on industry standards to serve as a trust layer for AI-powered agents. ANS is in production with registered agents operational since the end of 2025. Developers can register agents through GoDaddy's public API, and the public can confirm and verify agent registrations through our ANS Transparency Log, which is globally accessible. ANS is intended to extend GoDaddy's role in supporting the open internet, and over time may present opportunities to offer additional services and partnerships related to agent identity and management. Marketing We believe GoDaddy is one of the most recognized internet brands in the U.S. with high brand awareness globally. We established this high level of brand awareness primarily through our advertising campaigns across various platforms including television commercials, print, online and billboards and supplemented these advertising campaigns with our own entrepreneurial customers and social media influencers. Our strong brand helped us attract and retain 20.4 million customers as of December 31, 2025. Our marketing efforts include metric-driven direct response marketing to acquire new customers and sell additional products and services to existing customers. We use a variety of targeted online marketing programs, including search engine marketing, SEO and targeted email and social media marketing campaigns, as well as more traditional direct marketing and indirect channel partner marketing programs, to drive interest in our products and traffic to our websites. To maximize the returns on our investment, we constantly refine our media mix across our channels. Central to our international strategy is a philosophy of scaling our product offerings and customer experience and deploying them through our global infrastructure. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 9.8 million customers outside of the U.S. and derived approximately 33%, 32% and 32% of our total revenue from international sales during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Marketing and growth teams prioritize scaling initiatives, products and Care services across markets, while using select localization strategies to maximize returns in specific markets. Our historical international investments have enabled us to successfully launch and expand our business outside the U.S. and as of December 31, 2025, we market and sell to customers in over 200 markets around the world. We take a rigorous approach to managing the level of investment we make and expect to make in each geographic market where we have a presence or expect to have a presence based on a market tier approach. Competition We provide cloud-based solutions enabling individuals, businesses and organizations to establish an identity and online presence, connect with customers and manage their ventures and enable them to sell directly online, in-person and across multiple channels, backed by proactive, informed and personalized guidance. The market for our products and services is highly fragmented and competitive. These types of products and solutions continue to evolve, creating opportunity for new competitors to enter the market with point-solution products or address specific segments of the market. In some instances, we use commercial partnerships with companies with which we also compete. Additionally, as we continue to enable our solutions and tools with AI, and as technology continues to rapidly evolve, including with respect to AI and LLMs, we anticipate we will face more competition in the markets in which we compete from both traditional and non-traditional competitors. We consider the following to be a representative list of competitors we face in some of the major areas we operate in: With respect to our A C products and services: Shopify, Block, BigCommerce, Stripe, PayPal, Liquid Web, SiteGround, WP Engine, Zoho, Mindbody, Toast, Yelp, OpenTable, TikTok, Meta and WeChat; With respect to our Core Platform products and services: Newfold Digital, Namecheap, Tucows, Dynadot, GMO, Cloudflare, Let's Encrypt, SEDO, Comodo, Hostinger and Identity Digital; and With respect to both our Core Platform and A C products and services: Wix, Squarespace, Automattic, Ionos, Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Alibaba and Tencent. We believe the principal competitive factors include product capabilities meeting customer requirements, a secure, reliable and integrated technology platform, cost-effective customer acquisition, brand awareness and reputation, customer service and support and overall customer satisfaction. We believe we compete favorably with respect to each of these factors. For additional information, see "Risk Factors." 19 Table of Contents Regulation Our business is subject to regulation by ICANN, federal and state laws in the U.S. and the laws of other jurisdictions in which we do business. ICANN . The registration of domain names is governed by ICANN, a multi-stakeholder private sector, not-for-profit corporation formed in 1998 for the express purposes of overseeing a number of internet related tasks, including management of the Domain Name System (DNS), allocation of IP addresses, accreditation of domain name registrars and registries and the definition and coordination of policy development for all of these functions. We are accredited by ICANN as a domain name registrar and registry and thus our ability to offer domain name registration products is subject to our ongoing relationship with, and accreditation by, ICANN. The regulation of internet domain names in the U.S. and in foreign countries is subject to change. ccTLD Authorities . The regulation of ccTLDs is governed by national regulatory agencies of the country underlying the specific ccTLDs, such as the U.S. (.us), Colombia (.co), China (.cn), Canada (.ca) and the UK (.uk). Our ability to sell ccTLDs is dependent on our and our partners' abilities to maintain accreditation in good standing with these various authorities. Advertising and promotional information presented on our websites and in our products, and our other marketing and promotional activities, may be subject to federal and state consumer protection laws regulating unfair and deceptive practices. U.S. federal, state and foreign legislatures have also adopted laws, rules and regulations regulating numerous other aspects of our business. Regulations relating to the internet, including laws governing online content, user privacy and data protection, automatic renewal laws, taxation, and liability for third-party activities, are particularly relevant to our business. A sample of such laws, rules and regulations is discussed below. Communications Decency Act (CDA) . The CDA regulates content of material on the internet, and provides immunity to internet service providers and providers of interactive computer services for certain claims based on content posted by third parties. The CDA and the case law interpreting it generally provide that domain name registrars and website hosting providers cannot be liable for defamatory or obscene content posted by customers on registrars' servers unless they participate in creating or developing the content. The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act and Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017, which became effective in April 2018, amend certain portions of the CDA, which may limit the immunity previously available to us under the CDA. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) . The DMCA provides domain name registrars and website hosting providers a safe harbor from liability for third-party copyright infringement. To qualify for the safe harbor, however, registrars and website hosting providers must satisfy numerous requirements, including adopting a user policy providing for termination of service access of users who are repeat infringers, informing users of this policy and implementing the policy in a reasonable manner. In addition, registrars and website hosting providers must expeditiously remove or disable access to content upon receiving a proper notice from a copyright owner alleging infringement of its protected works. A registrar or website hosting provider failing to comply with these safe harbor requirements may be found liable for copyright infringement. Anti-Cybersquatting Consumer Protection Act (ACPA) . The ACPA was enacted to address piracy on the internet by curtailing a practice known as "cybersquatting," or the bad-faith registration of a domain name identical or similar to another party's trademark, or to the name of another living person, in order to profit from that name or mark. The ACPA provides that registrars may not be held liable for damages for registration or maintenance of a domain name for another person absent a showing of the registrar's bad faith intent to profit. Registrars may, however, be held liable if their activities are deemed outside the scope of basic registrar functions. Lanham Act . The Lanham Act governs trademarks and false advertising. Case law interpreting the Lanham Act has limited liability for many internet service providers such as search engines and domain name registrars. Nevertheless, there is no statutory safe harbor for trademark violations comparable to the provisions of the DMCA, and we may be subject to a variety of trademark claims in the future. Privacy and Data Protection . In the areas of personal privacy and data protection, the U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on, and requirements associated with, the collection, distribution, use, storage and security of personal information of individuals. For example, the European Union (E.U.) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), includes stringent operational requirements for processors and controllers of E.U. personal data with broad extra-territorial effect and imposes significant penalties for non-compliance. In the U.S., the California Consumer Privacy Act and its associated regulations require covered companies to provide specific disclosures to California consumers and afford such 20 Table of Contents consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales and sharing of personal information for advertising and other purposes. Numerous other U.S. states have adopted or are considering laws, rules and regulations relating to processing of personal information that apply to our business. We expect compliance with the increasing number of these laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. and globally to be more burdensome and costly for us. Payments Regulation . Various U.S. federal, state and international laws, rules and regulations govern the payments industry, including the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, anti-money laundering and sanctions regulations, and state money transmitter licensing laws. Our payments services may become subject to regulation by authorities, which would subject us to, among other things, (i) record-keeping, reporting and bonding requirements, (ii) limitations on the investment of customer funds and (iii) inspection by state and federal regulatory agencies. In order to offer retail POS solutions that connect to payment networks, retail POS providers must certify their products and services with the payment card networks, financial institutions and payment processors, and comply with applicable network operating and security standards as well as comply with government and telecommunications company regulations including those imposed by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission and similar telecommunications authorities worldwide. Artificial Intelligence . AI is the subject of evolving review by various governmental and regulatory agencies around the globe. For example, the E.U. has enacted the EU AI Act, which regulates the development, deployment and use of AI systems with broad extra-territorial effect. In the U.S., various laws, regulations, rules, orders and directives have been proposed or implemented relating to the development, deployment, and use of AI. The regulatory and legal requirements relating to AI are evolving rapidly. Similarly, intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, surrounding AI technologies have not been fully addressed by U.S. and international courts or laws, rules or regulations. We monitor developments in global AI laws, rules and regulations to evaluate and comply with requirements applicable to our business. Laws, rules and regulations relating to our activities are unsettled in many jurisdictions and may prove difficult or impossible to comply with in some jurisdictions. Additionally, federal, state, local and foreign governments are also considering legislative and regulatory proposals that would regulate the internet and our activities in more and different ways than exist today. Laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions may be applied in new or different manners in pending or future litigation. Further, other existing bodies of law, including the criminal laws of various jurisdictions, may be deemed to apply to our activities, or new statutes or regulations may be adopted in the future. It is also impossible to predict whether new taxes will be imposed on our services, and depending upon the type of such taxes, whether and how we would be affected. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights Our intellectual property and proprietary rights are important to our business. We rely on a combination of trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality and access-related procedures and safeguards and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technologies, confidential information, brands and other intellectual property. As of December 31, 2025, we had 354 issued patents in the U.S. and other countries covering various aspects of our product offerings. Additionally, as of December 31, 2025, we had 13 pending U.S. and international patent applications and intend to file additional patent applications in the future. As of December 31, 2025, we had 563 registered and 56 pending trademarks in jurisdictions including the U.S., E.U., UK, China and Germany. We have non-disclosure, confidentiality and license agreements with employees, contractors, customers and other third parties, which limit access to and use of our proprietary information. In addition, we have an ongoing trademark and service mark registration program pursuant to which we register our brand names and product names, taglines and logos in the U.S. and other countries to the extent we determine appropriate and cost-effective. We also have common law rights in some unregistered trademarks that were established over years of use. We also have a trademark and service mark enforcement program pursuant to which we monitor applications filed by third parties to register trademarks and service marks that may be confusingly similar to ours, as well as the use of our major brand names in social media, domain names and other internet sites. Though we rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, as well as various procedural safeguards, we believe the skill and ingenuity of our employees, the functionality and frequent enhancements to our solutions and our ability to introduce new products and features meeting the needs of our customers are more important to maintaining our competitive position in the marketplace. Corporate Information We were incorporated in Delaware on May 28, 2014. Our principal executive offices are located at 100 S. Mill Ave, Suite 1600, Tempe, Arizona 85281, and our telephone number is (480) 505-8800. 21 Table of Contents Available Information Our website is located at www.godaddy.com and our investor relations website is located at investors.godaddy.net. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and our Proxy Statements (including any amendments thereto) are available through our investor relations website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with the SEC. We also provide a link to the section of the SEC's website at www.sec.gov that has all of the reports, proxy and information statements we file or furnish with the SEC. 22 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors You should care