=== NEE_2026-04-01.htm.gz ===
tm261592-1_nonfiling - none - 51.7133226s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 NextEra Energy, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS VOLUNTARY ELECTRONIC RECEIPT OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS NextEra Energy is pleased to deliver proxy materials electronically via the internet. Electronic delivery allows NextEra Energy to provide you with the information you need for the annual meeting, while reducing environmental impacts and costs. NextEra Energy is committed to meeting the nation s increasing energy demand with a diverse mix of energy while keeping bills as low as possible. We encourage our shareholders to enroll in e-delivery: Online at www.proxyvote.com/NEE Scan the QR code HOW TO VOTE BY INTERNET BY TELEPHONE BY MAIL IN PERSON Go to the website www.proxyvote.com , 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will need the control number that appears on your proxy card or on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ). Call 1-800-690-6903 , 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will need the control number that appears on your proxy card or Notice. If you received a full paper set of materials, date and sign your proxy card exactly as your name appears on your proxy card and mail it in the enclosed, postage-paid envelope. If you received the Notice, you may request a proxy card by following the instructions in your Notice. Even if you received a full paper set of materials, you may still vote by internet or telephone. You do not need to mail the proxy card if you are voting by internet or telephone. At the annual meeting. TABLE OF CONTENTS NextEra Energy, Inc. 700 Universe Boulevard Juno Beach, Florida 33408-0420 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders MAY 21, 2026 The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of NextEra Energy, Inc. ( NextEra Energy or the Company ) will be held on Thursday, May 21, 2026, at 8:00 a.m., Central Time, at 350 First Avenue NE, Cedar Rapids, Iowa 52401, to consider and act upon the following matters: MEETING AGENDA BOARD RECOMMENDATION 1. Election as directors of the nominees specified in the accompanying proxy statement FOR each nominee 2. Ratification of appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as NextEra Energy s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR 3. Approval, by non-binding advisory vote, of NextEra Energy s compensation of its named executive officers as disclosed in the accompanying proxy statement FOR 4. Shareholder Proposal Paris Agreement Alignment AGAINST 5. Shareholder Proposal Report on Net Zero Business Performance Risks AGAINST 6. Such other business, as may properly be brought before the annual meeting or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the annual meeting The proxy statement describes these matters thoroughly. NextEra Energy has not received notice of other matters that may properly be presented at the annual meeting. The record date for shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting and any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the annual meeting is March 23, 2026. Admittance to the annual meeting will be limited to shareholders as of the record date or their duly appointed proxies. For the safety of attendees, all boxes, handbags and briefcases are subject to inspection. Cameras, cell phones, recording devices and other electronic devices are not permitted at the meeting. NextEra Energy is pleased to deliver proxy materials electronically via the internet. Electronic delivery allows NextEra Energy to provide you with the information you need for the annual meeting, while reducing environmental impacts and costs. REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING, PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR PROXY OR VOTING INSTRUCTIONS PROMPTLY SO THAT YOUR SHARES CAN BE VOTED. By order of the Board of Directors, DAVID FLECHNER Vice President, Compliance Corporate Secretary Juno Beach, Florida April 1, 2026 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 21, 2026 This proxy statement and the NextEra Energy 2025 annual report to shareholders are available at www.proxyvote.com. TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents 1 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 2 BUSINESS AND GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS 8 BUSINESS OF THE ANNUAL MEETING 8 Proposal 1: Election as directors of the nominees specified in this proxy statement 19 Proposal 2: Ratification of appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as NextEra Energy s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 20 Proposal 3: Approval, by non-binding advisory vote, of NextEra Energy s compensation of its named executive officers as disclosed in this proxy statement 21 Proposal 4: Shareholder Proposal 23 Proposal 5: Shareholder Proposal 25 INFORMATION ABOUT NEXTERA ENERGY AND MANAGEMENT 25 The Company s Securities Trading Policy 25 Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 27 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS 27 Lead Director Letter 28 Corporate Governance Principles Guidelines/ Code of Business Conduct Ethics 28 Director Independence 28 Board Leadership Structure 30 Board Role in Risk Oversight 30 Board Evaluations 31 Director Meetings and Attendance 31 Board Committees 33 Consideration of Director Nominees 34 Communications with the Board 34 Website Disclosures 35 Transactions with Related Persons 36 AUDIT-RELATED MATTERS 36 Audit Committee Report 37 Fees Paid to Deloitte Touche LLP 37 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 38 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 38 Compensation Discussion Analysis 70 Compensation Committee Report 71 Compensation Tables 71 Table 1a: 2025 Summary Compensation Table 73 Table 1b: 2025 Supplemental All Other Compensation Table 74 Table 2: 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 76 Table 3: 2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 79 Table 4: 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 80 Table 5: Pension Benefits 82 Table 6: Non-qualified Deferred Compensation 83 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 89 Pay Versus Performance 92 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 94 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING 100 NO INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 100 SHAREHOLDER ACCOUNT MAINTENANCE A-1 APPENDIX A: RECONCILIATIONS OF NON-GAAP TO GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider. You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. This proxy statement contains information related to the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors (the Board ) of NextEra Energy, Inc., a Florida corporation ( NextEra Energy, the Company, NEE, we, us or our ), in connection with the 2026 annual meeting of NextEra Energy s shareholders and at any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the meeting. On or about April 1, 2026, NextEra Energy began mailing this proxy statement and a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to shareholders. MEETING INFORMATION TIME AND DATE PLACE RECORD DATE 8:00 a.m., Central Time May 21, 2026 350 First Avenue NE, Cedar Rapids, Iowa 52401 March 23, 2026 WEBCAST VOTING ADMISSION The Company will provide a live audio webcast of the annual meeting from its website at http://www.nexteraenergy.com . Shareholders as of the record date are entitled to vote. Each share of common stock, par value $.01 per share ( common stock ), is entitled to one vote for each director nominee and one vote for each of the other properly presented proposals to be voted. An admission ticket is required to enter the annual meeting. See page 94 in the Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting section regarding how to obtain a ticket. VOTING MATTERS AND BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS PROPOSAL BOARD VOTE RECOMMENDATION PAGE REFERENCE 1. Election of directors FOR each nominee 8 2. Ratification of appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as NextEra Energy s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR 19 3. Advisory vote to approve NextEra Energy s compensation of its named executive officers FOR 20 4. Shareholder Proposal Paris Agreement Alignment AGAINST 21 5. Shareholder Proposal Report on Net Zero Business Performance Risks AGAINST 23 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business and Governance Highlights ~80 GW* in operation 13.5 GW in origination at NextEra Energy Resources ~17,400 employees ~$213 B in total assets HURRICANE RESTORATION** In 2024 FPL s smart grid technology avoided nearly 800,000 outages during Hurricanes Debby, Helene and Milton ~(2)%; ~8% GAAP and adjusted earnings per share ( EPS ) growth compared to 2024 ~30 GW year-end backlog at NextEra Energy Resources, including 13.5 GW in 2025 alone 52%*** below the national average carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) emissions rate ~87% improvement in NextEra Energy s overall company safety performance since 2004 ~$295 - $325 B expected capital deployment from 2025 through 2032 299% ten-year total shareholder return ( TSR ), outperforming the S P 500 Utilities Index 67%*** better reliability than the national average for FPL Above data as of 12/31/2025, unless otherwise indicated. * Gigawatts ( GW ) shown includes assets operated by NextEra Energy Resources, LLC ( NextEra Energy Resources or NEER ), including those owned by XPLR Infrastructure, LP ( XPLR ) at NextEra Energy s ownership share, as of 12/31/ 2025; excludes assets which have been sold to third parties but continue to be operated by NextEra Energy Resources. ** In 2025, there were no tropical storms or hurricanes in Florida that impacted Florida Power and Light Company s ( FPL ) service territory in 2025, so the metric is as of 12/31/2024 *** Metric as of 12/31/2024 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS NextEra Energy s overall operational and financial performance was strong in 2025, despite challenges in the macroeconomic environment. NextEra Energy continued to deliver robust financial performance on an annual and multi-year basis. For the full year 2025, NextEra Energy reported net income attributable to NextEra Energy on a GAAP basis of $6.835 billion, or $3.30 per share. We achieved company-record adjusted earnings + of $7.683 billion and adjusted EPS + of $3.71. + This measure is not a financial measure calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ), or a non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix A to this proxy statement for a reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 2 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business and Governance Highlights These significant accomplishments came as NextEra Energy continued to be a leader among the ten largest U.S. utilities (based on market capitalization*) in many financial metrics, as shown below. NextEra Energy Rank vs. Ten Largest U.S. Utilities Based on Market Cap* Metric Rank Detail Adjusted EPS Growth** #1 3-, 5-, 7- and 10-year Adjusted return on equity ( ROE )** #1 5-, 7- and 10-year * Market capitalization is as of December 31, 2025; rankings are sourced from FactSet Research Systems Inc. U.S. utilities are defined as companies included in the S P 500 Utilities Index that meet additional eligibility criteria. See the 2025 Financial Performance Matrix on page 52 for further details. For each performance period, the ten largest utilities by market cap with sufficient historical data are ranked, substituting the next-largest eligible utility for any company lacking the required historical data. ** This measure is not a financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. See Appendix A to this proxy statement for a reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. See the 2025 Financial Performance Matrix section on page 52 for more information on the metrics. Ultimately, the Company s financial and operational performance is reflected in the increased value of its common stock. The chart below compares the Company s TSR for the 10-year period ended December 31, 2025 to the TSRs of the S P 500 Electric Utilities Index, the S P 500 Utilities Index, the UTY and the S P 500. NextEra Energy outperformed all of these indices over the period shown. NEXTERA ENERGY 10-YEAR TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN THROUGH 12/31/2025 VS. VARIOUS INDICES (1) NEXTERA ENERGY VS. INDICES 10-YEAR TSR NextEra Energy 299 % S P 500 Electric Utilities Index, total return 190 % S P 500 Utilities Index, total return 174 % UTY, total return 173 % S P 500, total return 298 % (1) Source: FactSet Research Systems Inc. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business and Governance Highlights GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 11 of 12 director nominees are independent Chief executive officer ( CEO ) is the only non-independent director All members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Finance Investment Committee and Governance Nominating Committee are independent directors BOARD LEADERSHIP Independent lead director ( Lead Director ) selected by the independent directors Lead Director has a strong role and significant governance duties, including chairing regularly scheduled executive sessions of independent directors As part of our 2025-2026 annual shareholder outreach program, Lead Director communicated directly with shareholders of 27.37% of outstanding shares BOARD ACCOUNTABILITY All directors stand for election annually and the Board has adopted a resignation policy for directors who fail to receive the required vote in uncontested elections Simple majority voting standard for all uncontested director elections Shareholders of 20% or more of the outstanding shares may call a special meeting No shareholder rights ( poison pill ) plan No supermajority vote requirements in the Company s Bylaws BOARD EVALUATION EFFECTIVENESS Annual Board and committee self-evaluations Annual independent director evaluation of the chairman BOARD COMPOSITION REFRESHMENT Balance of new and experienced directors, with tenure of director nominees averaging 7.5 years Specified retirement age for directors DIRECTOR ENGAGEMENT The average attendance rate at Board meetings, including regularly scheduled and special meetings, was approximately 98% All directors attended 100% of their assigned committee meetings Board amended the Corporate Governance Principles Guidelines to expressly address director time commitments To support effective oversight, the Board attends educational sessions on specific topics relevant to the Company s business, operations, financial performance and governance CLAWBACK ANTI-HEDGING POLICIES Recoupment or clawback policy to recover certain executive pay in line with the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) rules Policy prohibiting short sales, hedging and margin accounts SHARE OWNERSHIP CEO required to hold shares equivalent to 7x base salary All senior executives required to hold shares equivalent to 3x base salary Directors required to hold shares equivalent to 7x the cash portion of their annual retainer PROXY ACCESS Available to a shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders, owning 3% of the Company s outstanding shares for at least 3 years May nominate candidates for the greater of 2 directorships or up to 20% of the membership of the Board 4 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business and Governance Highlights SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS Sustainability Resources In 2025, the Company published its sustainability resources (the Sustainability Resources ). The Sustainability Resources touch upon environmental stewardship, employees, customers and communities, governance, and risk management and include a data appendix. The Company plans to publish its Sustainability Resources annually. Highlights of the Sustainability Resources include: continued alignment with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ) framework; disclosure of Scope 1, Scope 2 and partial Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions ( GHG ) as verified by an independent third party; and Board oversight of those efforts and a discussion of the sustainability strategies of the Company s principal subsidiaries, FPL and NextEra Energy Resources. The Sustainability Resources discuss FPL s best-in-class value proposition of low customer bills, high reliability, diverse energy solutions and excellent customer service and NextEra Energy Resources continued focus on building a diversified energy mix with an emphasis on growing its world-leading portfolio of energy projects. The Sustainability Resources detail the Company s sustainability accomplishments and goals. Included among them, for 2024 unless otherwise indicated, are discussions of: 62% The Company s improvement in CO 2 emissions rate from 2005 to 2025 52% The Company s CO 2 emissions rate was 52% below the national average Since 2001, FPL s generation fleet has been one of the most efficient in the country, saving Florida customers over $16 B in avoided fuel costs ~$120 B of planned infrastructure capital over the next four years TALENTED TEAM Employees with various skill sets across operations in 49 states COMMUNITY WELLBEING We have contributed over $30 M and nearly 57,000 volunteer hours in our communities SUSTAINABILITY FOCUS The Board s oversight process of sustainability issues and related risks 84% Improvement in safety performance between 2003 and year-end 2024 The Sustainability Resources also include certain disclosure within the following established environmental reporting frameworks: The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board; Edison Electric Institute s ESG/Sustainability Quantitative Metrics; and United Nations Sustainability Development Goals. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business and Governance Highlights The Company also publishes its EEO-1 reports, available at https://www.investor.nexteraenergy.com/sustainability/ sustainability-resources under Related Information. Additionally, in 2025, the Company participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project ( CDP ) survey on a partial basis. The Company s Sustainability Resources are available at: Board oversight The entire NextEra Energy Board, led by the chairman, has oversight of risks and opportunities, including their impacts on the Company s strategy. The Board understands the impacts of risks and opportunities on the Company s future growth and prioritizes them. At every scheduled Board meeting, the Board performs a review of the Company s performance against business objectives and key risks and opportunities for the Company. The Board also holds an annual strategy session devoted to discussing, debating and validating management s overall strategy. Oversight of physical environmental risks includes discussion of physical risks from hurricanes, emissions-related government policies, incentives and regulations, renewable energy, trends and business plans, and emerging diverse energy technologies, among others. The Board s Governance Nominating Committee is specifically tasked with overseeing the Company s material risks that are environmental or social in nature, along with its sustainability efforts and initiatives. The Board also has oversight of certain social topics relevant to the Company. The Board reviews the Company s talent management strategy at least annually, including human capital data. This review includes the Company s talent pipeline and the Company s internship program. Information security and oversight of artificial intelligence NextEra Energy s Audit Committee receives regular reports on the key risks facing the Company from the chief risk officer and also receives frequent reports from the Company s Internal Auditor about the results of reviews of cybersecurity and information security governance. Additionally, the Audit Committee discusses with management, at least annually, emerging artificial intelligence ( AI ) developments and the Company s risk oversight with respect to AI. The Board receives cybersecurity dashboards in connection with each of its meetings to facilitate oversight, and biannually it receives a cybersecurity report from the Company s chief information officer and its vice president, IT infrastructure cybersecurity. Various leading third parties periodically assess the Company s alignment with the U.S. Department of Energy s Cyber Capability Maturity Model (a/k/a C2M2) standard, which is the predominant cybersecurity framework for the U.S. electric utility industry. NextEra Energy has a comprehensive cybersecurity training program in which all employees receive education and training on prevention of cybersecurity problems and on privacy and data protection. Shareholder engagement and annual shareholder outreach program The Company engages with shareholders on a regular basis and provides information through multiple channels. We believe our shareholder engagement efforts allow us to better understand our shareholders priorities and perspectives and enable us to effectively address the issues that matter the most to our shareholders. In 2025, we reached out to our 50 largest shareholders, representing approximately 56.19% of our shares outstanding, and offered to engage on matters important to them, including governance, technology and risk mitigation. We held engagements with shareholders representing approximately 32.63% of the Company s shares outstanding and received valuable feedback on our Board structure and governance program. Our Lead Director, Amy B. Lane, participated in engagements with many of our top ten largest shareholders representing 27.37% of our shares outstanding. The feedback we received was shared with the full Board and has been considered in certain enhancements to our public disclosures and governance practices. We have made some additions to our related disclosures as described in more detail on page 7 . 6 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business and Governance Highlights KEY SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT HIGHLIGHTS We received a positive response from our 2024-2025 outreach efforts, resulting in continued outreach into 2026. Feedback from our engagements revealed consistent areas of focus for shareholders: Board structure, governance, technology and risk management. Shareholders general sentiment remained positive, particularly regarding the increased transparency of our Board structure and Board refreshment. Additionally, shareholders emphasized the importance of Board succession planning and new director onboarding, and they confirmed the importance of having access to clear disclosure about the Company s governance. Shareholders also highlighted the need for Board oversight of new and evolving risks, including AI, cybersecurity, changing macroeconomic conditions and supply chain management. What We Heard Our Response Some shareholders highlighted the importance of Board succession planning and new director onboarding The Board engages in an annual self-evaluation process conducted by the Governance Nominating Committee, which includes surveying directors to assess the effectiveness of Board oversight and composition, and to solicit input for improvements. Recommendations are incorporated into Board processes and agenda topics. Additionally, the Board reviews criteria for skills, experience, background and capability and evaluates the process for identifying, considering, recruiting and nominating prospective members. Shareholders expressed interest in strategy evolution and what s top of mind for the Board of Directors and management given uncertainty. The Company feels that there is not a change in strategy but rather it is a moment in time requiring an all of the above approach to deliver reliable, low-cost electricity with investments spanning gas, transmission, nuclear and renewables. Shareholders expressed interest in Board oversight of new and evolving risks, including AI, cybersecurity, changing macroeconomic conditions and supply chain The Board and the Audit Committee conduct ongoing risk oversight. In addition, the Board engages regularly with the Company s executive vice president, chief risk officer with a team focused on continued efforts to address both risk mitigation efforts and opportunities in the Company s business. Shareholders expressed an interest in AI and technology developments The Company continues to evolve with the ever-changing energy and technology needs of its customers, and it continues to evaluate how to modernize its business while mitigating risks. In February 2025, the Audit Committee Charter was amended in order to assign risk oversight with respect to the Company s use of AI to the Audit Committee. Shareholders expressed interest in increased power demand and how we will address growing needs The Board works continuously with management on the strategic direction of the Company, acknowledging that addressing increased load growth requires all forms of energy, and NextEra Energy is well positioned to lead in developing new power and integrating a diversified grid. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION AS DIRECTORS OF THE NOMINEES SPECIFIED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT The Board is currently composed of 12 members. Upon the recommendation of the Governance Nominating Committee, the Board has nominated each of the 12 incumbent members listed below for election as directors at the 2026 annual meeting. Unless you specify otherwise, your proxy will be voted FOR the election of the listed nominees. If any nominee becomes unavailable for election, which is not currently anticipated, proxies instructing a vote for that nominee may be voted for a substitute nominee selected by the Board or, in lieu thereof, the Board may reduce the number of directors by the number of nominees unavailable for election. Nicole S. Arnaboldi James L. Camaren Naren K. Gursahaney Kirk S. Hachigian Maria G. Henry John W. Ketchum Amy B. Lane Geoffrey S. Martha David L. Porges Deborah L. Dev Stahlkopf John A. Stall Darryl L. Wilson The Board believes its current size is appropriate because it facilitates substantive discussions among Board members, provides for sufficient staffing of Board committees and allows for contributions by directors having a broad range of skills, expertise, industry knowledge and diversity of opinion. Directors serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their respective successors are elected and qualified. Board refreshment The Board and the Governance Nominating Committee engage in a continuous process of considering the mix of skills and experience needed by the Board as a whole to discharge its responsibilities. Six of the director nominees have a tenure of less than five years. In 2025, the Governance Nominating Committee discussed Board composition, Board refreshment and Board recruiting at every committee meeting. The Company has a director retirement policy. Generally, no person who has attained the age of 72 years by the date of election is eligible for election as a director. However, the Board may, by unanimous action (excluding the affected director), extend a director s eligibility for one or two additional years, in which event the director will not be eligible for subsequent election as a director if he or she would have attained the age of 73 or 74 by or prior to the date of the election. Amy B. Lane reached the normal retirement age of 72 years by the date of the 2025 annual meeting. The Governance Nominating Committee recommended, and the Board unanimously approved, extending the retirement date for Ms. Lane by two years, from the May 2025 annual meeting to the May 2027 annual meeting. In reaching this decision, the Governance Nominating Committee and the Board considered the high number of director retirements and new members of the Board who have joined in recent years, as well as the value for the Board in retaining Ms. Lane, who brings important experience and knowledge about the history and strategy of the Company. The Governance Nominating Committee and the Board also considered Ms. Lane s extensive financial, leadership and managerial skills, among other attributes. Furthermore, Ms. Lane has served the Company and the Board extremely well in the role of Lead Director and in other leadership roles on the Board. John A. Stall will have reached the normal retirement age of 72 years by the date of the 2027 annual meeting. Upon review of the matter, the Governance Nominating Committee recommended, and the Board unanimously approved, extending the retirement date for Mr. Stall by two years, from the May 2027 annual 8 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting meeting to the May 2029 annual meeting. In reaching this decision, the Governance Nominating Committee and the Board considered the high number of director retirements and new members of the Board who have joined in recent years and the need for the Board to retain Mr. Stall, who brings important experience and knowledge about the issues and strategy of the Company, particularly with respect to the nuclear power industry and the operation of the Company s nuclear power generation fleet. Identifying and evaluating nominees for directors The Governance Nominating Committee uses a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating nominees for director. The Governance Nominating Committee regularly assesses the appropriate size of the Board and whether any vacancies on the Board are expected due to retirement or otherwise. Candidates may come to the attention of the Governance Nominating Committee through current Board members, professional search firms, shareholders or other persons. Candidates are evaluated at regular or special meetings of the Governance Nominating Committee and may be considered at any time during the year. When considering candidates for the Board, the Governance Nominating Committee considers all nominee recommendations, including those from shareholders, in the same manner. If any materials are provided by a shareholder in connection with the nomination of a director candidate, the materials are provided to the Governance Nominating Committee. The Governance Nominating Committee also reviews materials provided by professional search firms or other parties. NextEra Energy s Corporate Governance Principles Guidelines (the Governance Guidelines ) provide that, in identifying nominees for director, the Company seeks to achieve a mix of directors representing a broad range of skills, experience, background and capability. In the Board s annual self-evaluation, it reviews the criteria for skills, experience and background reflected in the Board s membership and also reviews the Board s process for identification, consideration, recruitment and nomination of prospective Board members. Director resignation policy Under the NextEra Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), in an uncontested election, directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast. The Board has adopted a Policy on Failure of Nominee Director(s) to Receive a Majority Vote in an Uncontested Election ( Director Resignation Policy ), the effect of which is to require that, in any uncontested director election, any incumbent director who is not elected by the required vote must offer to resign and the Board will determine whether or not to accept the resignation within 90 days of the certification of the shareholder vote. The Company will report the action taken by the Board under the Director Resignation Policy in a publicly available forum or document. The Bylaws provide that, in a contested election, director nominees are elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Director qualifications The Governance Guidelines and the Governance Nominating Committee Charter identify Board membership qualifications, including experience, skills and attributes, that are considered by the Governance Nominating Committee in recommending non-employee nominees for Board membership. In addition to the membership qualifications identified in the Governance Guidelines, no person will be considered for Board membership who is an employee or director of a business in significant competition with the Company or of a major or potentially major customer, supplier, contractor, counselor or consultant of the Company, or an executive officer of a business where a Company employee-director serves on the board of such other business. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting The chart below provides a summary of the collective competencies of the current Board and explains why these are important: DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS COMPETENCIES AND RELEVANCE TO NEXTERA ENERGY BOARD COMPOSITION Individuals who have served as a public company CEO PUBLIC COMPANY CEO EXPERIENCE Experience serving as a CEO provides unique perspectives to help the Board independently oversee NextEra Energy s CEO and management. Having this experience also increases the Board s understanding and appreciation of the many facets of running a public company, including strategic planning, financial reporting, compliance and risk oversight. Demonstrated expertise in managing large, relatively complex organizations, such as leadership roles of a significant company or organization STRATEGY EXPERTISE Our Company operates in a quickly changing industry with new developing technologies. Having experience in developing and implementing strategic plans helps enable the Board to oversee and pivot in rapidly changing environments. OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT AND LEADERSHIP Our Company has a strong focus on cost and customer value, as well as innovation. Having experience with operations assists the Board in understanding the issues that the Company faces in achieving its industry-leading operating and maintenance ( O M ) initiatives and reducing costs. MERGERS ACQUISITIONS EXPERIENCE Our Company from time to time acquires and disposes of businesses and assets. An understanding of mergers acquisitions helps the Board evaluate any future transactions and any associated opportunities and risks. Experience leading a utility, energy company or other highly regulated organization, such as CEO or other leadership position UTILITY/REGULATED INDUSTRY LEADERSHIP As a company in a highly regulated industry, experience in the utility industry or another regulated industry assists the Board in understanding the regulatory issues that the Company faces. ENERGY INDUSTRY LEADERSHIP It is important that the Board understand the energy industry and the complete energy industry value chain. Energy industry leadership assists the Board in understanding all aspects of the ongoing energy transition. Financial or other risk management expertise FINANCIAL Our Company s business involves complex financial management, capital allocation and reporting issues. An understanding of finance and financial reporting is valuable in order to promote effective capital allocation and robust controls and oversight of accurate financial reporting. RISK MANAGEMENT The scale, scope and complexity of our Company s business raises a variety of interdependent risks. Experience in effectively identifying, prioritizing and managing a broad spectrum of risks can help the Board appreciate, anticipate and oversee the Company in managing the risks that face its various businesses. 10 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting DIRECTOR QUALIFICATIONS COMPETENCIES AND RELEVANCE TO NEXTERA ENERGY BOARD COMPOSITION Experience serving in senior customer-facing roles or in industries where customer service is strategically important MARKETING, SALES AND CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE FPL services over six million customer accounts in the state of Florida. NextEra Energy Resources also has a number of customer- and consumer-facing businesses serving thousands of customers. Experience in marketing, sales and customer service helps the Board oversee FPL s best-in-class customer value proposition and NextEra Energy Resources growing consumer-facing businesses. Experience in managing engineering and construction projects ENGINEERING AND CONSTRUCTION LEADERSHIP In 2025, the Company invested approximately $25 billion in energy infrastructure and NextEra Energy Resources commissioned approximately 7,249 megawatt ( MW ) of renewable energy projects. Board experience in engineering and construction leadership assists the Board in its oversight of our large-scale capital investments and on our timely and on-budget capital project execution. Experience with information technology and cybersecurity INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LEADERSHIP Oversight of the protection of customer information and cybersecurity is critical to providing reliable electric service at both FPL and NextEra Energy Resources. Board experience in information technology leadership assists the Board in its oversight of our cybersecurity programs. Experience overseeing or managing environmental practices, with an understanding of policy, risks, regulations and compliance obligations ENVIRONMENTAL Our Board, led by our chairman, prioritizes governance of sustainability-related risks and opportunities. During each Board meeting, we review our performance, assess key risks and discuss business objectives. We also have an annual session dedicated to evaluating and validating our overall management strategy. The Board s oversight of sustainability, which is exercised through the Board s committees and in particular using a framework led by its Governance Nominating Committee, includes discussions of physical environmental risks, such as hurricanes, emissions-related government policies, incentives and regulations, renewable energy trends and business plans, and emerging energy technologies, among other matters. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting The Board views itself as a cohesive whole consisting of members who together serve the interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board is comprised of directors with a mix of backgrounds, knowledge and skills that the Board considers relevant and beneficial in fulfilling its oversight role. The chart below provides a summary of each current individual director s most relevant experience and background: Arnaboldi Camaren Gursahaney Hachigian Henry Ketchum Lane Martha Porges Stahlkopf Stall Wilson Experience Public Company CEO Experience Financial Industry Experience Leadership Strategy Expertise Operations Management Leadership International Experience Utility / Regulated Industry Leadership Political / Legislative Experience Energy Industry Leadership Engineering Construction Industry Experience Nuclear Operations Leadership Risk Management Leadership Mergers Acquisitions Experience Information Technology / Cyber Experience Investor Relations Management Marketing / Sales / Customer Service Experience Leadership New Business Development/Development Human Resources Development Trading/Derivatives Environmental 12 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting Director nominee biographies NICOLE S. ARNABOLDI Age 67 Independent director since 2022 Board Committees Audit Finance Investment Public Company Boards Manulife Financial Corporation (since 2020) Career Highlights Ms. Arnaboldi has been a partner at Oak Hill Capital Management, a private equity firm, since 2021. She was previously the vice chairman of Credit Suisse Asset Management and a managing director of Credit Suisse Securities Corp. from 2000 to 2019. Prior to her roles at Credit Suisse, a global investment bank and financial services firm, Ms. Arnaboldi served as a managing director of its predecessor, Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette, in the firm s venture capital group from 1985 to 1992 and then in its private equity group, where she became a managing director in 1996. Qualifications Ms. Arnaboldi has over 35 years of leadership experience in financial services and private equity, including her service as vice chairman of Credit Suisse Asset Management and as a partner of Oak Hill Capital Management. She has a wealth of finance and business expertise, along with a proven track record as an experienced leader and strategist in investment banking and private equity for more than three decades. Ms. Arnaboldi holds a law degree from Harvard Law School, a Master of Business Administration degree from the Harvard Business School and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard College. JAMES L. CAMAREN Age 71 Independent director since 2002 Board Committees Compensation Finance Investment Career Highlights Mr. Camaren is a private investor. Until May 2006, he was chairman and CEO of Utilities, Inc. which was one of the largest investor-owned water utilities in the United States until March 2002 when it was acquired by Nuon, a Dutch company, which subsequently sold Utilities, Inc. in April 2006. He joined Utilities, Inc. in 1987 and served successively as vice president of business development, executive vice president, and vice chairman, becoming chairman and CEO in 1996. Qualifications Mr. Camaren has 19 years of leadership experience with a large, regulated investor-owned utility. During the years he served as chairman and CEO, the utility had customer growth at a rate that exceeded the industry average and acquired and integrated over 40 utilities. In addition, Mr. Camaren has experience in managing capital expenditures, environmental compliance, regulatory affairs and investor relations. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting NAREN K. GURSAHANEY Age 64 Independent director since 2014 Board Committees Audit (Chair) Executive Governance Nominating Career Highlights Mr. Gursahaney is retired. He served as the president and CEO, and a member of the board of directors, of The ADT Corporation ( ADT ), a provider of security systems and services, from September 2012 until its acquisition by affiliated funds of Apollo Global Management LLC in May 2016. Prior to ADT s separation from Tyco International Ltd. ( Tyco ) in September 2012, Mr. Gursahaney served as president of Tyco s ADT North American Residential business segment and was the president of Tyco Security Solutions, then a provider of electronic security to residential, commercial, industrial and governmental customers and the largest operating segment of Tyco. Mr. Gursahaney joined Tyco in 2003 as senior vice president of operational excellence. He then served as president of Tyco Engineered Products and Services and president of Tyco Flow Control. Prior to joining Tyco, Mr. Gursahaney was president and CEO of GE Medical Systems Asia, where he was responsible for the company s sales and services business in the Asia-Pacific region. During his 10-year career with GE, Mr. Gursahaney held senior leadership roles in services, marketing and information management. Qualifications Mr. Gursahaney has extensive operations, strategic planning and leadership experience in global manufacturing and services businesses serving residential, commercial, industrial and governmental customers gained as the CEO of a public company providing security systems and service. He also has extensive global operations, information technology and service experience gained as the president and CEO of the Asia-Pacific division of a medical diagnostic and imaging manufacturer. He has an MBA from the University of Virginia and a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from Pennsylvania State University. KIRK S. HACHIGIAN Age 66 Independent director since 2013 Board Committees Compensation (Chair) Executive Governance Nominating Public Company Boards PACCAR, Inc. (since 2008) L3 Harris Technologies, Inc. (since 2023) Career Highlights Mr. Hachigian is retired. He served as chairman of the board of JELD-WEN Holding, Inc., a manufacturer of windows and doors, from February 2014 until May 2018. He also served as CEO of JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. from April 2014 until December 2016. He served as chairman, president and CEO of Cooper Industries plc ( Cooper ), a publicly held electrical equipment and tool manufacturer, until Cooper s acquisition by Eaton Corporation plc in November 2012. He was named chairman of Cooper in 2006, CEO in 2005 and president in 2004. Qualifications Mr. Hachigian has extensive leadership, operations and strategic planning experience gained through his prior service as the chairman, CEO and president of a global, publicly held manufacturer of electrical equipment and tools. He also has international leadership and operations experience gained through his prior service as the president and CEO of the Asia-Pacific operations of a lighting products manufacturer and in key management positions in Singapore and Mexico. In addition, Mr. Hachigian has financial and risk oversight experience developed through his prior service on the audit committee of another public company and as a prior member of the board of the Houston branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas. He has an MBA in finance from the Wharton School of Business and a Bachelor of Science degree in engineering from the University of California (Berkeley). 14 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting MARIA G. HENRY Age 59 Independent director since 2023 Board Committees Audit Finance Investment Public Company Boards General Mills, Inc. (since 2016) NIKE, Inc. (since May 2023) Career Highlights Ms. Henry was chief financial officer of Kimberly-Clark Corporation, a global manufacturer of a wide range of products using advanced technologies in fibers, nonwovens and absorbency, from April 2015 through April 2022, and served as executive vice president and senior advisor of Kimberly-Clark Corporation from April 2022 until her retirement in September 2022. Prior to Kimberly-Clark, Ms. Henry was executive vice president and chief financial officer of the Hillshire Brands Company, formerly known as Sara Lee Corporation, from 2012 to 2014. She was the chief financial officer of Sara Lee s North American Retail and Foodservice business from 2011 to 2012. Prior to Sara Lee, Ms. Henry held various senior leadership positions in finance and strategy in three portfolio companies of Clayton, Dubilier Rice, most recently as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Culligan International. She also held senior finance roles in several technology companies and began her career at General Electric. Qualifications Ms. Henry has extensive leadership experience in finance and strategy for large global public, private equity controlled, and smaller entrepreneurial companies across consumer, technology, manufacturing and distribution industries. She has had oversight experience regarding finance, treasury, investor relations, strategy, real estate and accounting matters. She also has experience overseeing information technology and risk, including cyber risk. Ms. Henry currently serves on the boards of directors of NIKE, Inc. and General Mills, Inc. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from the University of Maryland. JOHN W. KETCHUM Age 55 Director since 2022 Board Committees Executive (Chair) Nuclear Public Company Boards XPLR Infrastructure, LP (since 2017) Career Highlights Mr. Ketchum has been president and chief executive officer and a director of NextEra Energy since March 2022 and chairman of the Board since July 2022. He has also served as chairman of NextEra Energy s subsidiary, Florida Power Light Company (which has no publicly traded stock), since February 2023. Prior to his succession to the role of chief executive officer, he served as president and chief executive officer of NextEra Energy Resources, the Company s leading wholesale power generator in the U.S. Mr. Ketchum joined NextEra Energy in 2002 and has a diverse business, finance and legal background with a broad range of experiences across key executive roles and NextEra Energy, NextEra Energy Resources and XPLR. Mr. Ketchum is chairman of the board of XPLR, which is a limited partnership with an ownership interest in an energy infrastructure portfolio with long-term, stable cash flows (in which the Company owns an underlying 52.4% interest). Qualifications Mr. Ketchum has a diverse business, finance and legal background with a broad range of experiences gained through his key executive roles at NextEra Energy, NextEra Energy Resources and XPLR. During his 22 years with NextEra Energy, Mr. Ketchum has led the execution of various strategic initiatives across the enterprise and has been instrumental in the expansion of the Company s renewable generation fleet. While CEO of NextEra Energy Resources, Mr. Ketchum oversaw the largest three-year capital investment program in NextEra Energy Resources history, as well its most successful period of new renewables origination, leading to a near doubling of the size of the renewables backlog during this period. In addition, he oversaw a nearly $5 billion, three-year capital recycling program, the largest in NextEra Energy Resources history. Mr. Ketchum holds a Master of Laws degree in taxation and a Juris Doctor from the University of Missouri Kansas City School of Law. Mr. Ketchum holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics and finance from the University of Arizona. He also completed the Emerging CFO Strategic Financial Leadership Program at Stanford University. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting AMY B. LANE Age 73 Independent director since 2015 Board Committees Compensation Executive Governance Nominating (Chair) Public Company Boards FedEx Corp. (since 2022) The TJX Companies, Inc. (since 2005) Career Highlights Ms. Lane retired in 2002 as managing director and group leader of the global Retailing Investment Banking Group of Merrill Lynch Co., Inc. ( Merrill Lynch ), an investment banking firm. Prior to joining Merrill Lynch in 1997, she was a managing director at Salomon Brothers, Inc. ( Salomon Brothers ), an investment banking firm, where she founded and led the retail industry investment banking unit, having joined Salomon Brothers in 1989. Qualifications Ms. Lane has 26 years of leadership experience with financial services, capital markets, finance and accounting, capital structure, and acquisitions and divestitures in the financial services industry, as well as extensive experience in management, leadership and strategy. In her role with Merrill Lynch, she led and worked on mergers and acquisitions and equity and debt transactions for a wide range of major retailers. Prior to joining Merrill Lynch, she was a managing director at Salomon Brothers, which she joined in 1989 and where she founded and led the retail industry investment banking unit. Ms. Lane has an MBA from the Wharton School of Business. Geoffrey S. Martha Age 56 Independent director since 2024 Board Committees Finance Investment Public Company Boards Medtronic plc (since 2020) Career Highlights Mr. Martha is chairman and chief executive officer of Medtronic plc, a global healthcare technology company ( Medtronic ). He served as Medtronic s president from 2019-2020. Previously, Mr. Martha served as executive vice president and president of the Restorative Therapies Group, a role he held from 2015 to 2019. He joined Medtronic in 2011 as senior vice president, strategy and business development. Prior to Medtronic, he served as managing director of business development at GE Healthcare from 2007 to 2011; general manager for GE Capital Technology Finance Services from 2003 to 2007; senior vice president of business development for GE Capital Vendor Financial Services from 2002 to 2003; general manager for GE Capital Colonial Pacific Leasing from 2001 to 2002; and vice president of business development for Potomac Federal, the GE Capital federal financing investment bank, from 1998 to 2001. Qualifications Mr. Martha has extensive leadership experience in the healthcare technology and financial services industries. Mr. Martha has comprehensive experience leading strategic initiatives in commercial finance, business development, portfolio management and mergers and acquisitions. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from Pennsylvania State University, graduating with highest honors. 16 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting DAVID L. PORGES Age 68 Independent director since 2020 Board Committees Executive Finance Investment (Chair) Governance Nominating Career Highlights Mr. Porges is retired. He was a non-employee member of the board of directors of Equitrans Midstream Corporation ( Equitrans ) from November 2018 through December 2019 and was the chairman of the board of Equitrans from November 2018 to July 2019. He joined EQT Corporation ( EQT ) in 1998 as senior vice president and chief financial officer and served as EQT s CEO from April 2010 to April 2011 and as CEO and chairman from April 2011 to February 2017. From February 2017 to March 2018, Mr. Porges served as EQT s executive chairman and as chairman and interim CEO from March 2018 to November 2018. Qualifications Mr. Porges has more than 20 years of leadership, finance, operations and mergers and acquisitions experience gained through his prior service as CEO and chairman of a publicly held energy industry company, as well as his prior service as the chief financial officer of that energy company. Mr. Porges also has experience with capital markets, finance and mergers and acquisitions gained through his prior service with an investment bank concentrating on the energy industry. Mr. Porges has an MBA from Stanford University. DEBORAH L. DEV STAHLKOPF Age 56 Independent director since 2023 Board Committees Audit Compensation Career Highlights Ms. Stahlkopf joined Cisco Systems, Inc. ( Cisco ), a global technology company, in August 2021 as executive vice president and chief legal officer. Prior to joining Cisco, she held several senior roles at Microsoft Corporation ( Microsoft ) over the course of 14 years, including corporate vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary, corporate, external and legal affairs from April 2018 to July 2021, vice president and deputy general counsel from December 2015 to April 2018 and associate general counsel from December 2010 to December 2015. Prior to joining Microsoft, she practiced law in the Seattle area at Perkins Coie, specializing in employment and labor law and at Cooley Godward, LLP, focusing on corporate and technology transactions. Qualifications Ms. Stahlkopf has extensive experience in legal strategy, including key issues including intellectual property, privacy and security, internet governance, cross-border data issues, geopolitical matters, and public policy priorities. She also has extensive experience in labor and employment law. She received her law degree from the University of Arizona, a Master of Arts degree in Philosophy from Duke University and a Bachelor of Arts degree in English and philosophy from the University of Washington. JOHN A. STALL Age 71 Independent director since 2022 Board Committees Finance Investment Nuclear (Chair) Career Highlights Mr. Stall retired from NextEra Energy in 2010, where he served in numerous nuclear leadership roles. He served as president of NextEra Energy s nuclear division from 2009 to 2010, as senior vice president and chief nuclear officer from 2001 to 2009, as vice president, nuclear engineering from 2000 to 2001 and vice president of NextEra Energy s St. Lucie nuclear generating station from 1996 to 2000. He also served in leadership roles at Dominion Energy, Inc. s North Anna nuclear generating station from 1977 until 1996. Qualifications Mr. Stall has substantial nuclear expertise, operations and engineering experience and leadership experience. He has over 40 years of experience in nuclear generation through his career at both Dominion Energy, Inc. and NextEra Energy. He previously held a senior reactor operator license issued by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and is a previously licensed professional engineer in the Commonwealth of Virginia. He served as the chair of an independent nuclear safety advisory committee for a publicly-traded electric utility that operates multiple nuclear generating units. He served as a member of the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations National Academy of Nuclear Training Accrediting Board from 2008 to 2019. Mr. Stall graduated from the University of Florida and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in nuclear engineering. He received his MBA from Virginia Commonwealth University. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting DARRYL L. WILSON Age 62 Independent director since 2018 Board Committees Audit Compensation Public Company Boards Eaton Corporation plc (since 2021) Primerica, Inc. (since 2024) Solventum Corp. (since 2024) Career Highlights Mr. Wilson was vice president, commercial of GE Power, a business of GE, from June 2017 until his retirement in December 2017. From January 2016 to June 2017, he was vice president chief commercial officer of GE Energy Connections and, from January 2013 to January 2016, he was vice president chief commercial officer of GE Distributed Power. From July 2008 to January 2013, he was president CEO of GE Aeroderivative Products. Prior roles also include president CEO of GE Consumer Products, Europe Middle-east, Africa and India, based in Budapest, Hungary and London, England. He also served as president CEO of GE Consumer and Industrial, Asia-Pacific and India based in Shanghai, China. Additionally, Mr. Wilson spent 6 years in progressive executive leader roles with British Petroleum North America in business operations and regional fuel and lubricant distribution management positions. Qualifications Mr. Wilson has extensive leadership and international experience in business operations, commercial management, global manufacturing, mergers and acquisitions and services as a result of his senior leadership roles for a global manufacturer and service provider of power generation, power electronics, distribution, motors, power management, appliances and lighting products. Mr. Wilson has finance and financial markets experience as former chairman of the board of directors, Houston Branch Dallas Federal Reserve Bank and serving on the audit and investment committees on other public and non-profit boards. Mr. Wilson received an MBA in Marketing from Indiana University and a Bachelor of Arts degree in business administration from Baldwin Wallace College. Unless you specify otherwise in your voting instructions, your proxy will be voted FOR election of each of the nominees. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of all nominees. 18 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP AS NEXTERA ENERGY S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR 2026 The Audit Committee appoints the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. It has appointed Deloitte Touche LLP ( Deloitte Touche ) as the independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 to audit the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, as well as to provide its opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. The members of the Audit Committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of Deloitte Touche as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Audit Committee reviewed and considered: Whether retaining Deloitte Touche is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The professional qualifications of Deloitte Touche and the lead audit and other senior engagement partners. The historic and current audit quality of service of Deloitte Touche and the lead audit and other senior engagement partners, including the candidness of the communications and interactions with the Audit Committee, as well as their independent judgment and professional integrity and objectivity. Deloitte Touche s capabilities and expertise in handling the breadth and complexity of the Company s operations and businesses, accounting policies and internal controls over financial reporting, including Deloitte Touche s use of technology, specialists and subject matter experts and the sharing of industry insights, trends and emerging practices. Deloitte Touche s tenure as independent auditor, including the benefits of its institutional knowledge of the Company and its history and familiarity with the Company s businesses, which enhances Deloitte Touche s audit efficiency and effectiveness and provides cost efficiencies. The potential challenges, impact and advisability of selecting a different independent auditor, including the time and expense of transitioning to a new independent auditor. Deloitte Touche s independence from the Company, noting that (i) Deloitte Touche does not provide any non-audit services to the Company other than those deemed permissible, as described under Fees Paid to Deloitte Touche, and (ii) both the Company and Deloitte Touche have controls and policies in place, including related to the applicable auditor independence rules and the mandatory rotation of the lead audit and other senior engagement partners, which helps ensure the continued independence and fresh perspectives of Deloitte Touche. Deloitte Touche s succession planning for rotation of key engagement partners. The appropriateness of Deloitte Touche s fees relative to both audit quality and efficiency. External data on audit quality and performance, including recent Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) reports on Deloitte Touche and peer companies. Although ratification of the Audit Committee s appointment of Deloitte Touche as independent public accounting firm for 2026 is not required, the Board is submitting the selection of Deloitte Touche to shareholders as a matter of good corporate practice. If shareholders do not ratify the appointment, the appointment will be reconsidered by the Audit Committee, although the Audit Committee may nonetheless decide to continue the retention of Deloitte Touche as NextEra Energy s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee in its discretion may terminate the service of Deloitte Touche at any time during the year if it determines that the appointment of a different independent registered public accounting firm would be in the best interests of NextEra Energy and its shareholders. Additional information on audit-related matters may be found on page 36 of this proxy statement. Representatives of Deloitte Touche are expected to be present at the annual meeting and will have an opportunity to make a statement and respond to appropriate questions from shareholders at the meeting. Unless you specify otherwise in your voting instructions, your proxy will be voted FOR ratification of appointment of Deloitte Touche as NextEra Energy s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR ratification of appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as NextEra Energy s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting PROPOSAL 3: APPROVAL, BY NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE, OF NEXTERA ENERGY S COMPENSATION OF ITS NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT The Company is asking shareholders to cast an advisory vote on the compensation of the Company s named executive officers ( NEOs ), which is commonly called a say-on-pay vote, as required by section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Although this vote is not binding, it will provide information to the Compensation Committee regarding investor sentiment about the Company s executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices, which the Compensation Committee will be able to consider when making future determinations regarding NEO compensation. The Company plans to give shareholders the opportunity to cast an advisory vote on this matter annually. Following the vote on this proposal, the next opportunity will occur in connection with the Company s 2027 annual meeting. The Company asks shareholders to approve this proposal by approving the following non-binding resolution: RESOLVED , that the shareholders of NextEra Energy, Inc. approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company s NEOs, as disclosed in this proxy statement for the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders, including the Compensation Discussion Analysis section, the compensation tables and the accompanying narrative discussion, pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (Item 402 of Regulation S-K). The fundamental objective of NextEra Energy s executive compensation program is to motivate and reward actions that will increase shareholder value, particularly over the longer term. The Compensation Committee believes the Company s executive compensation program reflects a strong pay-for-performance philosophy and is well-aligned with the short-term and long-term interests of shareholders and other important Company stakeholders, including customers and employees. A significant portion of each NEO s total compensation opportunity is performance-based and carries both upside and downside potential. The Executive Compensation section of this proxy statement, beginning on page 38 , provides a detailed discussion of the Company s compensation program for its NEOs. As an illustration of the success of our compensation program in incentivizing operational excellence and providing long-term value for shareholders, the chart below compares the Company s TSR for the 10-year period ended December 31, 2025 to the TSRs of the S P 500 Electric Utilities Index, the S P 500 Utilities Index, the UTY and the S P 500. NextEra Energy outperformed all of these indices over the period shown. NEXTERA ENERGY TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN THROUGH 12/31/2025 VS. VARIOUS INDICES (1) NEXTERA ENERGY VS. INDICES 10-YEAR TSR NextEra Energy 299 % S P 500 Electric Utilities Index, total return 190 % S P 500 Utilities Index, total return 174 % UTY, total return 173 % S P 500, total return 298 % (1) Source: FactSet Research Systems Inc. Unless you specify otherwise in your voting instructions, your proxy will be voted FOR approval, by non-binding advisory vote, of NextEra Energy s compensation of its NEOs as disclosed in this proxy statement. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR approval, by non-binding advisory vote, of NextEra Energy s compensation of its named executive officers, as disclosed in this proxy statement. 20 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting PROPOSAL 4: SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL The Company has been notified that a shareholder of the Company intends to present a proposal for consideration at the annual meeting. In accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regulations, the text of the shareholder proposal and supporting statement appears exactly as received by the Company. The shareholder proposal may contain assertions about the Company or other matters that the Company believes are incorrect, but the Company has not attempted to refute all of those assertions. All statements contained in the shareholder proposal and supporting statement are the sole responsibility of the proponent. The Company disclaims responsibility for the content of the proposal and the supporting statement. The names of co-filing proponents, if any, and address and stock ownership of the proponent will be furnished upon receipt by the Corporate Secretary of an oral or written request for that information. Proposal 4 Paris Agreement Alignment Report on Business Alignment with the Paris Agreement Whereas: Within the next 25 years, climate change could cut global GDP by up to 19 percent, posing macroeconomic risks that could meaningfully depress returns for long-term diversified investors. 1 Investors have increasingly asked companies to identify material climate risks in order to mitigate physical and transition risks and to capitalize on products and services that offer climate-related solutions. 2,3 Power companies, such as NextEra, are highly exposed to climate change-driven weather catastrophes through their extensive transmission and distribution assets. According to global experts, power companies also play a foundational role in mitigating climate impacts and transitioning to an economy aligned with limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius (the Paris Agreement ambition). 4,5,6,7 In 2022, NextEra acknowledged the need to mitigate exposure to climate-related risks by adopting its Zero Emissions by 2045 greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction target (inclusive of 5-year interim targets) which was substantially aligned with recommended power sector GHG emissions reductions needed to achieve the Paris Agreement ambition. 8,9,10 By setting targets, NextEra not only modeled how leading companies mitigate climate risk but responded to the growing need among major clients, such as hyperscalers, to shrink emissions across their operations and supply chains. Yet, in 2025, NextEra withdrew all of its interim targets and its overarching 2045 target. By withdrawing these targets, it risks failing to meet investor expectations for consistent and transparent oversight of its strategies. Further, this shift invites reputational risk and raises serious concerns for us about the company s ability to execute on other strategic priorities. NextEra s decision is squarely at odds with trends in corporate climate commitments. In a review of 2024 CDP disclosures, PwC writes that, in contrast to recent headlines, companies increased their climate ambition at a rate of 37 percent, far outweighing those in retreat. 11 The Harvard Business Review draws an identical conclusion, noting that companies with 1 https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-024-07219-0 2 https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu/2019/10/15/institutional-investors-views-and-preferences-on-climate-risk-disclosure/ 3 https://www.icgn.org/sites/default/files/2023-11/ICGN%20Viewpoint%20on%20Reflecting%20climate%20change%20in%20financial% 20statements.pdf 4 https://climateactiontracker.org/publications/paris-aligned-benchmarks-power-sector/ 5 https://files.sciencebasedtargets.org/production/files/SBTi-Power-Sector-15C-guide-FINAL.pdf?dm=1734357615 _gl=1*50m99j*_ gcl_au*MTgxNTc4MDk0Ny4xNzU4NTUxODYyLjEwMzYyOTg4MzUuMTc2MjQ2MzM1Mi4xNzYyNDYzMzUy*_ga*MTIyMDk0MDU1NS4xNzQ3NDE4NTE2*_ ga_22VNHNTFT3*czE3NjM2NTM5MTYkbzQ3JGcwJHQxNzYzNjUzOTE2JGo2MCRsMCRoMTAwMzkzNTYxOQ..#page=7 6 https://www.irena.org/-/media/Files/IRENA/Agency/Publication/2023/Jun/IRENA_World_energy_transitions_outlook_2023.pdf#page=46 7 https://www.wri.org/insights/climate-action-this-decade-sectoral-emissions 8 https://files.sciencebasedtargets.org/production/files/SBTi-Power-Sector-15C-guide-FINAL.pdf?dm=1734357615 _gl=1*50m99j*_ gcl_au*MTgxNTc4MDk0Ny4xNzU4NTUxODYyLjEwMzYyOTg4MzUuMTc2MjQ2MzM1Mi4xNzYyNDYzMzUy*_ga*MTIyMDk0MDU1NS4xNzQ3NDE4NTE2*_ ga_22VNHNTFT3*czE3NjM2NTM5MTYkbzQ3JGcwJHQxNzYzNjUzOTE2JGo2MCRsMCRoMTAwMzkzNTYxOQ..#page=7 9 https://www.irena.org/-/media/Files/IRENA/Agency/Publication/2023/Jun/IRENA_World_energy_transitions_outlook_2023.pdf#page=46 10 https://www.wri.org/insights/climate-action-this-decade-sectoral-emissions 11 https://www.pwc.com/us/en/services/esg/library/assets/pwc-sustainability-decarbonization-2025.pdf NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting deep operational integration, value-creation alignment, and stable leadership have proven the most resilient [in keeping their commitments] despite shifting political environments. 12 As the world s leading solar and wind developer with net generating capacity of 33 GW and 160+ wind projects in North America, we believe NextEra has a critical role to play in setting scientifically credible GHG emissions reduction targets both to restore investor confidence and to build upon its leadership position in the renewables and storage industries. RESOLVED : Shareholders request the company publish a report, at reasonable cost, within a reasonable time, and excluding confidential or proprietary information, describing if and how NextEra plans to reduce its total contribution to climate change and align its operations and investments with the Paris Agreement s goal of maintaining global temperatures well below 2 degrees Celsius, and ideally, 1.5 degrees Celsius. The Board unanimously recommends a vote AGAINST the foregoing proposal for the following reasons: The Board believes that adopting the shareholder proposal would not be in the best interests of the Company or its shareholders. The report requested by the proposal would be duplicative and unnecessary, because the Company already recently published its Sustainability Resources and related disclosures, which describe if and how the Company plans with respect to climate change. The report requested by the proposal would be duplicative and unnecessary, because the Company s existing disclosures already provide shareholders with meaningful information regarding the Company s emissions trajectory. Preparing a separate report would impose additional costs and administrative burdens on the Company without providing significant new information. The Company provides extensive disclosure regarding its climate strategy, emissions profile and progress toward emissions reduction through its publicly available Sustainability Resources, including the Environmental Stewardship Resource, Data Appendix and 2025 By the Numbers, as well as other regulatory and voluntary disclosures, such as TCFD, SASB and EEI ESG Metrics. These disclosures provide shareholders with substantial information regarding how the Company evaluates and manages climate-related risks and opportunities and integrates those considerations into its business strategy and planning processes. These materials are publicly available and can be found in the sustainability resources section of the Company s website. The Board believes that determining the appropriate form, scope and timing of climate-related disclosures is a core responsibility of management overseen by the Board, informed by evolving regulatory requirements, customer needs, market conditions and technological developments. Mandating reporting in the prescriptive manner proposed by the proponent could limit the Company s ability to exercise appropriate business judgment and adapt to changing circumstances. Given the Company s robust existing disclosures, its transparency regarding its emissions data and its constructive shareholder engagement, the Board believes the report requested by the proposal would be an unnecessary, duplicative and inefficient use of the Company s time and resources. Unless you specify otherwise in your voting instructions, your proxy will be voted AGAINST proposal 4. For the above reasons, the Board unanimously recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal. 12 https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu/2025/05/03/corporate-climate-disclosures-and-practices-risk-emissions-and-targets/ 22 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting PROPOSAL 5: SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL The Company has been notified that a shareholder of the Company intends to present a proposal for consideration at the annual meeting. In accordance with SEC regulations, the text of the shareholder proposal and supporting statement appears exactly as received by the Company. The shareholder proposal may contain assertions about the Company or other matters that the Company believes are incorrect, but the Company has not attempted to refute all of those assertions. All statements contained in the shareholder proposal and supporting statement are the sole responsibility of the proponent. The Company disclaims responsibility for the content of the proposal and the supporting statement. The names of co-filing proponents, if any, and address and stock ownership of the proponent will be furnished upon receipt by the Corporate Secretary of an oral or written request for that information. Proposal 5 Report on Net Zero Business Performance Risks Whereas: NextEra Energy operates in a sector where carbon emissions are not incidental, but a key element of its core business model. In the energy business, emissions are a necessary byproduct of delivering value to customers and shareholders, with historical data indicating 1 positive correlation between carbon emissions and both economic growth and human flourishing. The company itself acknowledges 2 this core business in recent sustainability reports, noting the large growth in power demand, continued electrification, and asserting that the company has demonstrated its expertise in managing growth through its various businesses. Yet, in recent years, NextEra has adopted aggressive emissions reduction targets that may be incompatible with operational realities. The company has adopted 3 a net-zero carbon commitment, stating its intention to eliminate carbon emissions from our operations by no later than 2045. NextEra asserts that it plans to deliver a carbon-emissions-free future, while spurring economic growth, but does not explain whether its decarbonization initiatives may in fact hinder that economic growth, and particularly the company s ability to deliver competitive return to its shareholders. NextEra s negative TSR 4 has notably lagged its peers 5 in recent years (including in Bowyer Research analysis), with other analysts noting 6 its stark 5-year underperformance: NextEra shares have returned just 24% in the past 60 months at a time when the utility sector rose 66%. As concerns about continued underperformance continue to surface, investors are right to ask whether NextEra s aggressive net zero commitments have contributed to these dire prospects. These commitments, and their accompanying corporate policy initiatives, often stem from pressure by ESG activist coalitions, not from shareholder mandates or regulatory requirements. The company s past work 7 with anti-fossil fuel initiatives are prime examples, with Ceres noting 8 the company has publicly and individually advocated for Paris-aligned climate policies, as well as through coalitions. The result is a misalignment between the company s stated climate goals and its actual business needs, including in the company s most recent executive compensation structure, which considers various emissions reduction projects in its weighting. 9 Considering the growing disconnect between climate pledges and operational feasibility (disconnect already acknowledged in company policy), it is imperative that NextEra reassess its emissions strategy. A transparent report will help shareholders understand the risks associated with current targets and evaluate a data-driven approach, including growing legal, reputational, and fiduciary risks attached to aggressive reductions of traditional energy sources. Shareholders deserve clarity on how NextEra s energy reduction commitments impact enterprise value and how the company intends to prioritize economic realities and a path back to business success, not activist agendas. 1 https://energytalkingpoints.com/how-fossil-fuels-make-earth-more-livable-than-it%E2%80%99s-ever-been/ 2 https://www.nexteraenergy.com/content/dam/nee/us/en/pdf/NextEra-Energy-Sustainability-Report-2024.pdf 3 https://www.nexteraenergy.com/content/dam/nee/us/en/pdf/NextEra-Energy-Zero-Carbon-Blueprint.pdf 4 https://www.investor.nexteraenergy.com/~/media/Files/N/NEE-IR/investor-materials/shareholder-resources/2025/2025%20NEE% 20Proxy.pdf 5 https://www.trefis.com/data/companies/NEE/no-login-required/n2NQCmLU/NextEra-Energy-Total-Shareholder-Return-TSR-24-4-in- 2024-and-3-3-3-yr-compounded-annual-returns-below-peer-average- 6 https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/10/15/is-nextera-energy-overvalued-after-its-18-1-month/ 7 https://www.NextEra.com/sustainability/managing-climate-related-risks/external-collaboration/ 8 https://www.ceres.org/resources/news/new-benchmark-analysis-us-utilities-sector-reveals-inconsistent-climate 9 https://www.investor.nexteraenergy.com/~/media/Files/N/NEE-IR/investor-materials/shareholder-resources/2025/2025%20NEE% 20Proxy.pdf NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business of the Annual Meeting Resolved : Shareholders request the Board of Directors of NextEra Energy prepare a report within the next year, at reasonable cost and excluding proprietary information and disclosure of anything that would constitute an admission of pending litigation, evaluating the potential costs and benefits to NextEra created by aggressive emission reduction policies. The Board unanimously recommends a vote AGAINST the foregoing proposal for the following reasons: The Board believes that adopting the shareholder proposal would not be in the best interests of the Company or its shareholders. The Company no longer has 2045 emissions reduction targets and currently has no other emissions reduction targets. The proposal requests that the Board prepare a report evaluating the potential costs and benefits to the Company created by aggressive emission reduction policies. Because the Company currently does not have any aggressive emission reduction targets, the Board believes that this proposal is not applicable to the Company and makes no sense. Accordingly, the Board recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal. As described in the Company s Sustainability Resources published on its Investor Relations website, the Company had maintained a goal to achieve actual zero carbon emission by 2045. That goal had always centered on delivering the power solutions that customers and other stakeholders want and will support. While that principle remains unchanged, given the demand for all forms of power generation, the Company currently does not see a realistic path to achieving actual zero-carbon emissions by 2045. In fact, the Company has already disclosed that its current business plan contemplates that the Company will seek to develop additional natural gas generation and transmission assets at scale, which would be inapposite to the realization of aggressive emissions reduction targets. In light of this, the Company does not maintain aggressive emission reduction policies, which appears to be the key concern of the proposal. As a result, the report requested by the proposal would not reflect the Company s current approach and preparing such a report would be duplicative and unnecessary. Accordingly, the Board believes the proposal does not apply to the Company s current business plan and preparing the requested report would amount to an unnecessary, duplicative and wasteful use of the Company s resources. Unless you specify otherwise in your voting instructions, your proxy will be voted AGAINST proposal 5. For these reasons, the Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal. 24 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Information About NextEra Energy and Management THE COMPANY S SECURITIES TRADING POLICY The Board has adopted the NextEra Energy, Inc. Securities Trading Policy (the Trading Policy ) , which specifies policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of the Company s securities by directors, officers and employees that are designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and NYSE listing standards. By prohibiting all Company personnel from engaging in certain transactions in Company securities for their own account or for the account of any other person or entity, including the Company, the Trading Policy is also designed to promote insider trading compliance by the Company. COMMON STOCK OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table shows the beneficial ownership of NextEra Energy common stock by the only persons known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock based on shares outstanding as of March 23, 2026. NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER AMOUNT AND NATURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP PERCENT OF CLASS The Vanguard Group 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 206,984,080 (1) 9.93 % BlackRock, Inc. 55 East 52 nd Street New York, NY 10055 151,490,645 (2) 7.26 % State Street Corporation State Street Financial Center One Lincoln Street Boston, MA 02111 116,304,947 (3) 5.58 % (1) This information has been derived from a statement on Schedule 13G/A of The Vanguard Group, filed with the SEC on February 7, 2025. The Vanguard Group, an investment adviser, reported that, as of January 31, 2025, it had sole dispositive power with respect to 196,700,056 shares reported as beneficially owned, shared dispositive power with respect to 10,284,024 shares reported as beneficially owned, shared voting power as to 3,305,941 shares reported as beneficially owned and no shares with sole voting power. A Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on March 27, 2026 by The Vanguard Group reported beneficial ownership of 0 shares of common stock as of March 13, 2026. The Vanguard Group noted in its filing that certain subsidiaries or business divisions of subsidiaries of The Vanguard Group that formerly had, or were deemed to have, beneficial ownership jointly with The Vanguard Group, will report beneficial ownership separately (on a disaggregated basis) from The Vanguard Group. (2) This information has been derived from a statement on Schedule 13G/A of BlackRock, Inc., filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, BlackRock, Inc., a parent holding company, reported that it had sole dispositive power with respect to all of the shares reported as beneficially owned and sole voting power as to 138,638,766 of such shares and no shares with shared voting or dispositive power. (3) This information has been derived from a statement on Schedule 13G/A of State Street Corporation, filed with the SEC on January 29, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, State Street Corporation, a parent holding company, reported that it had shared dispositive power with respect to 116,003,650 shares reported as beneficially owned, shared voting power with respect to 76,368,218 shares reported as beneficially owned and no sole voting or dispositive power. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Information About NextEra Energy and Management The table below shows the number of shares of NextEra Energy common stock beneficially owned as of March 23, 2026 by each of NextEra Energy s directors and NEOs and by all directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group. As of March 23, 2026, all directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group beneficially owned less than 1% of NextEra Energy common stock. No shares are pledged as security. COMMON STOCK BENEFICIALLY OWNED NAME SHARES OWNED (1) SHARES WHICH MAY BE ACQUIRED WITHIN 60 DAYS (2) TOTAL SHARES BENEFICIALLY OWNED (3) PHANTOM/ DEFERRED SHARES (4) Nicole S. Arnaboldi 8,501 8,501 19,343 Brian W. Bolster 46,509 36,225 82,734 1,501 James L. Camaren 166,450 166,450 34,417 Michael H. Dunne 71,933 77,021 148,954 1,621 Naren K. Gursahaney 26,390 26,390 23,561 Kirk S. Hachigian 102,492 102,492 Maria G. Henry 9,060 9,060 John W. Ketchum 412,689 1,065,839 1,478,528 32,934 Amy B. Lane 24,752 24,752 29,320 Geoffrey S. Martha 3,870 3,870 2,144 Armando Pimentel, Jr. 182,915 488,461 671,376 4,022 David L. Porges 45,658 45,658 14,678 Charles E. Sieving 201,625 254,300 455,925 37,123 Dev Stahlkopf 9,620 9,620 John A. Stall 19,280 19,280 Darryl L. Wilson 23,167 23,167 1,059 All directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group (22 persons) 1,518,276 2,175,364 3,693,640 218,198 (1) Includes shares of restricted stock (performance-based for executive officers) for Messrs. Ketchum 9,803, Dunne 30,728, Bolster 42,022, Pimentel 36,593, Sieving 9,904 and Camaren 12,800, and a total of 187,036 shares of restricted stock for all directors and executive officers as a group. The holders of such shares of restricted stock have voting power, but not dispositive power. (2) Includes, for executive officers, shares which may be acquired as of or within 60 days after March 23, 2026, upon the exercise of stock options and, for directors, shares payable under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective January 1, 2003 (the Frozen Deferred Compensation Plan ) or the NextEra Energy, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2005, as amended and restated through February 11, 2016, as amended (the Successor Deferred Compensation Plan ), the receipt of which has been deferred until the first day of the month after termination of service as a Board member. The Frozen Deferred Compensation Plan and the Successor Deferred Compensation Plan are collectively referred to as the Deferred Compensation Plan. (3) Represents the total number of shares listed under the columns Shares Owned and Shares Which May Be Acquired Within 60 Days. Under SEC rules, beneficial ownership as of any date includes any shares as to which a person, directly or indirectly, has or shares voting power or dispositive power and also any shares as to which a person has the right to acquire such voting or dispositive power as of or within 60 days after such date through the exercise of any stock option or other right. (4) Includes phantom shares under the NextEra Energy, Inc. (f/k/a FPL Group, Inc.) Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, amended and restated effective January 1, 2005 (the SERP ). 26 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters LETTER FROM THE LEAD DIRECTOR Dear F ellow Shareholders, I am honored to continue representing and serving as the Lead Director of NextEra Energy alongside our independent Directors and our Chairman and CEO, John Ketchum. Since May 2024, it has been my privilege as Lead Director to work closely with our Board and executive leadership, and I remain deeply committed to upholding NextEra Energy s corporate governance standards. NextEra Energy stands as one of North America s leading electric power and energy infrastructure companies. Our consistent delivery of robust financial and operational results has a foundation in sound governance. Our Board adheres to a comprehensive set of regularly reviewed policies, guided by experienced Committee Chairs and Directors with diverse backgrounds and specialized expertise. I strongly believe our management team is equipped to develop innovative approaches that help the Company achieve positive outcomes and deliver long-term value for both shareholders and stakeholders. This year, we continued our shareholder outreach program, which has featured active participation from our Lead Director since 2023. We recognize that ongoing engagement is vital to strengthening our relationships with institutional investors, and we remain committed to evolving this program to meet the needs of our shareholders. As a result of feedback received during our most recent engagements, we have implemented further enhancements to our corporate governance practices in 2026: 1. Board Matrix 2. Governance Disclosure 3. Cybersecurity and AI Oversight We have further expanded our Board competency chart, adding new insights into how each director s background aligns with NextEra Energy s evolving business needs. We have updated information about our latest governance practices, such as an updated NextEra Energy Code of Business Conduct Ethics and a Human Rights Policy. Our full Board maintains responsibility for oversight of cybersecurity risks and opportunities, while in 2025, the Audit Committee assumed responsibility for oversight of AI-related risks. Our meetings this year highlighted strong shareholder support for our Board s transparency. Shareholders emphasized interest in governance practices along with cybersecurity and AI oversight. We remain committed to cultivating strong stakeholder relationships and delivering long-term value. By actively listening to and incorporating shareholder feedback into our business practices, we ensure that your voice continues to be heard as we shape NextEra Energy s growth and success. Your engagement is very much appreciated as we navigate this exciting phase in our Company s journey. Thank you for your continued support of NextEra Energy in 2026 as we look ahead to the future. Warm regards, Amy B. Lane NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES GUIDELINES/CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT ETHICS The Board has adopted the Governance Guidelines that set forth expectations for directors, director independence standards, Board committee structure and functions and other policies for the Company s governance. NextEra Energy has adopted a Code of Business Conduct Ethics applicable to all representatives of NextEra Energy and its subsidiaries, including directors, officers and employees, as well as a Code of Ethics for Senior Executive and Financial Officers ( Senior Code ), which applies to certain senior executive officers. These documents are available on the Company s website at www.investor.nexteraenergy.com/corporate-governance . Any amendments or waivers of the Senior Code will be disclosed at this website address. In October 2024, the Board amended the Governance Guidelines to expressly address director time commitments. The Governance Guidelines provide in relevant part as follows: Serving on the Board requires significant time and attention. As a result, the Governance Nominating Committee will annually review each Director s various time commitments, including the Director s primary occupation, service on public company boards and committee memberships, and leadership positions on such boards, as well as service with private company boards and non-profit organizations. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The Board conducts an annual review regarding the independence from the Company s management of each of its members and, in addition, assesses the independence of any new member at the time that the new member is considered for appointment or nomination for election to the Board. In assessing independence, the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances and the standards established by the NYSE and also set forth or referred to in the Governance Guidelines. The NYSE standards and the Governance Guidelines require that NextEra Energy have a majority of independent directors and that the Board must affirmatively determine that each director has no material relationship with the Company in order to determine that the director is independent. Material relationships for this purpose may include commercial, industrial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable and familial relationships, among others. Based on its review, the Board determined that Nicole S. Arnaboldi, James L. Camaren, Naren K. Gursahaney, Kirk S. Hachigian, Maria G. Henry, Amy B. Lane, Geoffrey S. Martha, David L. Porges, Dev Stahlkopf, John A. Stall and Darryl L. Wilson, constituting all 11 non-employee directors, are independent under the NYSE standards and the Governance Guidelines. In determining that Mr. Camaren is independent, the Board considered that a NextEra Energy Subsidiary has employed Mr. Camaren s son-in-law since 2021 in a non-executive business role, for total compensation in 2025 of approximately $230,000. BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE The Board believes that the decision as to who should serve as chairman and as CEO and whether the offices should be combined or separate is properly the responsibility of the Board to be exercised from time to time in appropriate consideration of the Company s then-existing characteristics or circumstances. In view of the Company s operating record, including its role as a national leader in renewable energy generation, and the operational and financial opportunities and challenges faced by the Company, the Board s judgment is that the functioning of the Board is generally best served by maintaining a structure of having one individual serve as both chairman and CEO. The Board believes that having a single person acting in the capacities of chairman and CEO promotes unified leadership and direction for the Board and executive management and allows for a single, clear focus for the chain of command to execute the Company s strategic initiatives and business plans and to address its challenges. However, in certain circumstances, such as the transition from one CEO to another, the Board believes that it may be appropriate for the roles of the CEO and the chairman to be separated. The Board has an independent Lead Director selected by and from the independent directors (with strong consideration given to present and past committee chairs). The Lead Director serves a two-year term commencing on the date of the Company s annual meeting of shareholders. Unless the independent directors determine otherwise due to particular circumstances, no director will serve as the Lead Director for more than one two-year term on a consecutive basis. Amy B. Lane currently serves as the Lead Director, having been appointed initially in May 2024. The independent directors will appoint a successor to Ms. Lane as the Lead Director at the meeting of the Board immediately following the 2027 annual meeting. 28 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters The Lead Director has the following duties and authorities: act, on a non-exclusive basis, as liaison between the independent directors and the chairman; approve the Board agenda and information sent to the Board; preside at Board meetings in the absence of the chairman and chair executive sessions of the non-management directors; approve meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; call executive sessions of the independent directors; if requested by major shareholders, be available, when appropriate, for consultation and direct communication consistent with the Company s policies regarding communications with shareholders; communicate Board member feedback to the CEO; and have such other duties as may from time to time be assigned by the Board. The Board believes that having an independent Lead Director, regular Board and committee executive sessions, a substantial majority of independent directors and the other corporate governance structures and processes described in this proxy statement allow the Board to maintain effective oversight of management. NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters BOARD ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT The Board discharges its risk oversight responsibilities primarily through its committees. The Board exercises its role in risk oversight in a variety of ways, including the following: AUDIT COMMITTEE Oversees the integrity of the Company s financial statements, the independent auditor s qualifications and independence, the performance of the Company s internal audit function and the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes Oversees compliance with legal and regulatory requirements Discusses with management the Company s policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management Reviews and discusses the Company s major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control those exposures Ensures that risks identified from time to time as major risks are reviewed by the Board or a Board committee Discuss with management, at least annually, the Company s risk oversight with respect to AI and emerging AI developments FINANCE INVESTMENT COMMITTEE Reviews and monitors the Company s financing plans Reviews and makes recommendations regarding the Company s dividend policy Reviews risk management activities and exposures related to the Company s energy trading and marketing operations Reviews the Company s major insurance lines Oversees the risks associated with financing strategy, financial policies and the use of financial instruments, including derivatives NUCLEAR COMMITTEE Reviews the safety, reliability and quality of nuclear operations Reviews reports issued by external oversight groups Reviews the Company s long-term strategies and plans related to its nuclear operations COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Oversees compensation-related risks, including annually reviewing management s assessment of risks related to employee compensation programs Oversees the compensation risk mitigation practices and controls that the Company has in place GOVERNANCE NOMINATING COMMITTEE Oversees Board composition and refreshment Annual review of political contributions and trade association memberships Provides political engagement oversight Makes recommendations to the Board on the business of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders Oversees material environmental or social risks The executive vice president, chief risk officer, together with other members of the Company s senior management team, oversee the execution and monitoring of the Company s risk management policies and procedures. NextEra Energy s management maintains a number of risk oversight committees that assess operational and financial risks throughout the Company. NextEra Energy also has an Enterprise Risk Management Committee, composed of senior executives, that assesses the Company s strategic risks and the strategies employed to mitigate those risks. The Board committees discussed above meet periodically with the Company s senior management team to review the Company s risk management practices and key findings. BOARD EVALUATIONS Each year the Board engages in a self-evaluation process which is conducted by the Governance Nominating Committee. Members of the Board are surveyed to assess the effectiveness of the Board s membership and oversight processes and to solicit input from members of the Board for improvements to the Board s functions. With the input of the Governance Nominating Committee, recommendations from Board members are incorporated into Board processes 30 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters and Board agenda topics. This annual self-evaluation process ensures that the Board periodically considers improvements to Board processes and procedures. DIRECTOR MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE The Board and its committees meet on a regular schedule and hold special meetings from time to time. Executive sessions of the independent directors are scheduled in the agenda for each regularly scheduled Board meeting. The Board met eight times in 2025. The average attendance rate at Board meetings, including regularly scheduled and special meetings, was approximately 98%. All directors attended 100% of their assigned committee meetings. Absent circumstances that cause a director to be unable to attend the Board meeting held in conjunction with the annual meeting of shareholders, Board members are required to attend the annual meeting of shareholders. All 12 then-current directors attended the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders. BOARD COMMITTEES The standing committees of the Board are: The committees regularly report their activities and actions to the full Board, generally at the next Board meeting following the committee meeting. Executive sessions are held after each regularly scheduled committee meeting (other than quarterly earnings review meetings of the Audit Committee) and are chaired by the committee chairs. Each of the committees operates under a charter approved by the Board and each committee (other than the Executive Committee) conducts an annual self-evaluation of its performance. Current copies of the committee charters are available on the Company s website at www.investor.nexteraenergy.com/corporate-governance . The current membership and primary functions of the committees are described below. AUDIT COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 7 Members Naren K. Gursahaney (Chair) Nicole S. Arnaboldi Maria G. Henry Dev Stahlkopf Darryl L. Wilson Primary Responsibilities Appoints the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and approves all permitted services to be performed by the firm Reviews the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, performance and independence Approves the engagement of any other registered public accounting firm engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attest services Assists the Board in overseeing the integrity of the Company s financial statements and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements Assists the Board in overseeing the performance of the Company s internal audit function, the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company and audits of the Company s financial statements Establishes procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints and concerns received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters Discusses with management, at least annually, emerging AI developments and the Company s risk oversight with respect to AI Qualifications All members are independent and financially literate under applicable NYSE and SEC requirements Mr. Gursahaney is an audit committee financial expert under the definition provided by the SEC NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 5 Members Kirk S. Hachigian (Chair) James L. Camaren Amy B. Lane Dev Stahlkopf Darryl L. Wilson Primary Responsibilities Reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the CEO and the other executive officers Evaluates the performance of the CEO in light of those goals and objectives, approves the compensation of the CEO and the other executive officers, approves any compensation-related agreements for the CEO and the other executive officers and makes recommendations to the Board with respect to the non-employee directors compensation Oversees the preparation of the Compensation Discussion Analysis section of this proxy statement and approves the Compensation Committee Report Reviews the results of the Company s shareholder advisory vote on the compensation of the NEOs, makes recommendations to the Board with respect to incentive compensation plans and other equity-based plans and administers the Company s annual and long-term incentive plans and non-employee directors stock plan Retains and assesses the independence of any outside compensation consultants engaged to assist in the evaluation of executive compensation Qualifications All members meet the NYSE standards for independence GOVERNANCE NOMINATING COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 3 Members Amy B. Lane (Chair) Naren K. Gursahaney Kirk S. Hachigian David L. Porges Primary Responsibilities Reviews the size and composition of the Board, identifies and evaluates potential nominees for election to the Board and recommends candidates for all directorships to be elected by shareholders or appointed by the Board Reviews the Governance Guidelines, the Related Person Transactions Policy and the content of the Code of Business Conduct Ethics and the Senior Code and recommends any proposed changes to the Board Oversees the evaluation of the Board Makes recommendations to the Board regarding the business of the annual meeting of shareholders, as well as with respect to shareholder proposals that may be considered at the annual meeting Annual review of political contributions and trade association memberships Qualifications All members meet the NYSE standards for independence FINANCE INVESTMENT COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 9 Members David L. Porges (Chair) Nicole S. Arnaboldi James L. Camaren Maria G. Henry Geoffrey S. Martha John A. Stall Primary Responsibilities Reviews and monitors the Company s financing plans Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the Company s dividend policy Reviews the Company s risk management activities and exposures related to its energy trading and marketing operations Reviews certain proposed capital expenditures Reviews the performance of the Company s pension, nuclear decommissioning and other investment funds Qualifications All members meet the NYSE standards for independence 32 NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters NUCLEAR COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 4 Members John A. Stall (Chair) John W. Ketchum Primary Responsibilities Meets with senior members of the Company s nuclear division Reviews the operation of the Company s nuclear division and makes reports and recommendations to the Board with respect to such matters Reviews, among other matters, the safety, reliability and quality of the Company s nuclear operations and the Company s long-term strategies and plans for its nuclear operations Qualifications Mr. Stall meets the NYSE standards for independence EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Meetings in 2025: 0 Members John W. Ketchum (Chair) Naren K. Gursahaney Kirk S. Hachigian Amy B. Lane David L. Porges Primary Responsibilities Provides an efficient means of considering such matters and taking such actions as may require the attention of the Board or the exercise of the Board s powers or authorities when the Board is not in session CONSIDERATION OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES Proxy access shareholder nominees The Bylaws permit a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, owning continuously for at least three years shares of NextEra Energy representing an aggregate of at least 3% of the Company s outstanding shares to nominate and include in the Company s proxy materials director nominees for up to 20% of the current membership of the Board or two directorships, whichever is greater, provided that the shareholder(s) and nominee(s) satisfy the applicable requirements in the Bylaws. Notice of proxy access director nominees for the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders should be addressed to: Corporate Secretary NextEra Energy, Inc. P.O. Box 14000 700 Universe Boulevard Juno Beach, Florida 33408-0420 and must be received no earlier than November 2, 2026 and no later than the close of business on December 2, 2026. A copy of the Bylaws containing the complete proxy access requirements is available on NextEra Energy s website at www.investor.nexteraenergy.com/corporate-governance . Other shareholder nominees The policy of the Governance Nominating Committee is to consider properly submitted shareholder nominations of candidates for membership on the Board. Shareholder nominations are reviewed in the same manner as candidates identified by or recommended to the Governance Nominating Committee. Any shareholder nominations proposed for NEXTERA ENERGY 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance and Board Matters consideration by the Governance Nominating Committee should include the nominee s name and qualifications for Board membership, should include all information that the Bylaws require for director nominations and should be addressed to: Corporate Secretary NextEra Energy, Inc. P.O. Box 14000 700 Universe Boulevard Juno Beach, Florida 33408-0420 A copy of the Bylaws is available on NextEra Energy s website at www.investor.nexteraenergy.com/corporate-governance . In order for nominations to be timely under the advance notice requirements of the Bylaws for the 2027 annual meeting, they must be received no earlier than January 21, 2027 and no later than February 20, 2027. COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD The Board has established procedures by which shareholders and other interested parties may communicate with the Board, any Board committee, the Lead Director and any one or more of the other directors. Such parties may write to one or more of the directors: c/o Chief Legal Officer NextEra Energy, Inc. P.O. Box 14000 700 Universe Boulevard Juno Beach, Florida 33408-0420 or send an e-mail to: corporate-secretary.sharedmailbox@nexteraenergy.com. The Board has instructed the Chief Legal Officer to assist the Board in reviewing all written communications to the Board, any Board committee or any director as follows: Complaints or similar communications regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters will be handled in accordance with the NextEra Energy, Inc. and Subsidiaries Procedures for Receipt, Retention and Treatment of Complaints and Concerns Regarding Accounting, Internal Accounting Controls or Auditing Matters. All other legitimate communications related to the duties and responsibilities of the Board or any committee will be promptly forwarded by the Chief Legal Officer to the applicable directors, including, as appropriate under the circumstances, to the chairman of the Board, the Lead Director and/or the appropriate committee chair. All other shareholder, customer, vendor, employee and other complaints, concerns and communications will be handled by management with Board involvement as advisable with respect to those matters that management reasonably concludes to be significant. Communications that are of a personal nature or not related to the duties and resp