=== NEE_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors (in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with such forward-looking statements) that could have a significant impact on NEE's and/or FPL's operations and financial results, and could cause NEE's and/or FPL's actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of NEE and/or FPL in this combined Form 10-K, in presentations, on their respective websites, in response to questions or otherwise. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and NEE and FPL undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including, but not limited to, unanticipated events, after the date on which such statement is made, unless otherwise required by law. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors, nor can it assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in any forward-looking statement. 3 Table of Content s PART I Item 1. Business OVERVIEW NEE is one of the largest electric power and energy infrastructure companies in North America. As of December 31, 2025, NEE had approximately 80 gigawatts of net generation and storage capacity from a diverse portfolio of assets, primarily including natural gas, wind, solar and nuclear generation facilities and battery storage facilities. NEE has two principal businesses, FPL and NEER. FPL is the largest electric utility in Florida and the U.S. FPL s strategic focus is centered on investing in generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities to deliver on its value proposition of keeping customer bills low and delivering high reliability, outstanding customer service and energy from diverse generation sources for the benefit of its more than six million customer accounts. NEER is one of t he largest energy infrastructure developers in the U.S. NEER s strategic focus is centered on the development, construction and operation of long-term contracted generation facilities, including renewables, nuclear and natural gas, as well as battery storage facilities. NEER also builds and owns regulated electric and gas transmission assets, is a leading gas and power supplier, and delivers integrated energy and technology solutions to utilities and businesses across the U.S. NEE seeks to create value in its two principal businesses by meeting customer needs more economically and reliably than its competitors. NEE's strategy has resulted in profitable growth over sustained periods at both FPL and NEER. Management seeks to grow each business (see Note 15 Commitments) in a manner consistent with the varying opportunities available to it; however, management believes that the diversification and balance represented by FPL and NEER is a valuable characteristic of the enterprise and recognizes that each business contributes to NEE's financial strength in different ways. FPL and NEER share a common platform with the objective of lowering costs, creating efficiencies and encouraging innovative ideas for their businesses. NEE and its subsidiaries, with employees totaling approximately 17,400 as of December 31, 2025, continue to develop and implement enterprise-wide initiatives, including deploying advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence and proprietary tools, focused on improving processes, lowering costs and driving growth. NEE's reportable segments for financial reporting purposes are FPL and NEER (see Note 16). NEECH, a wholly owned subsidiary of NEE, owns and provides funding for NEE's operating subsidiaries, other than FPL and its subsidiaries. The following diagram depicts NEE's simplified ownership structure: 4 Table of Content s FPL FPL is a rate-regulated electric utility engaged primarily in the generation, storage, transmission, distribution and sale of electric energy in Florida. FPL is the largest electric utility in Florida and the U.S. As of December 31, 2025, FPL had 35,963 MW of net generating capacity, approximately 93,000 circuit miles of transmission and distribution lines and 932 substations. FPL provides electric service through an integrated transmission and distribution system that links its generation facilities to its customers. FPL serves approximately 12 million people through more than 6 million customer accounts. The following map shows FPL's service areas and plant locations as of February 13, 2026, which cover most of the east and lower west coasts of Florida and are in ten counties throughout northwest Florida (see FPL Sources of Generation below). 5 Table of Content s CUSTOMERS AND REVENUE FPL's primary source of operating revenues is from its retail customer base; it also serves a limited number of wholesale customers within Florida. The percentage of FPL's operating revenues and customer accounts by customer class were as follows: For both retail and wholesale customers, the prices (or rates) that FPL may charge are approved by regulatory bodies, by the FPSC in the case of retail customers and by the FERC in the case of wholesale customers. In general, under U.S. and Florida law, regulated rates are intended to cover the cost of providing service, including a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. Since the regulatory bodies have authority to determine the relevant cost of providing service and the appropriate rate of return on capital employed, there can be no guarantee that FPL will be able to earn any particular rate of return or recover all of its costs through regulated rates. See FPL Regulation below. FPL seeks to maintain low rates for its customers, while continuing to deliver reliable service. Since rates are largely cost-based, maintaining low rates requires a strategy focused on developing and maintaining a low-cost position, including the implementation of ideas generated from cost savings initiatives and the use of advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence. FPL also seeks to serve large-load customers, such as data centers, through the tariff established in the 2025 rate agreement (as defined in FPL Regulation FPL Electric Rate Regulation Base Rates Base Rates Effective January 2026 through December 2029 below). FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS AND COMPETITION FPL's service to its electric retail customers is provided primarily under franchise agreements negotiated with municipalities or counties. During the term of a franchise agreement, which is typically 30 years, the municipality or county agrees not to form its own utility, and FPL has the right to offer electric service to residents. As of December 31, 2025 , FPL held 226 franchise agreements with various municipalities and counties in Florida with varying expiration dates through 2055. These franchise agreements cover the vast majority of FPL's retail customer base in Florida. As of December 31, 2025 , FPL also provided service to customers in 10 other municipalities and to 27 unincorporated areas within its service area without franchise agreements, pursuant to the general obligation to serve as a public utility. FPL relies upon Florida law for access to public rights-of-way. Because any customer may elect to provide its own electric services, FPL effectively must compete for an individual customer's business. As a practical matter, few customers provide their own service at the present time since FPL's cost of service is lower than the cost of self-generation for a significant majority of customers. Changing technology (particularly the increasing efficiency of solar power generation), tax incentives, economic conditions, regulatory changes and other factors could alter the favorable relative cost position that FPL currently enjoys; however, FPL seeks as a matter of strategy to ensure that it delivers superior value in the form of low customer bills, high reliability, outstanding customer service and energy from diverse generation sources. In addition to self-generation by residential, commercial and industrial customers, FPL also faces competition from other suppliers of electrical energy to wholesale and industrial customers and from alternative energy sources. In 2025, 2024 and 2023, annual operating revenues from wholesale and ind ustrial electric customers combined represented approximately 5% of FPL's total operating revenues. 6 Table of Content s For the building of new steam and solar generating capacity of 75 MW or greater, the FPSC requires investor-owned electric utilities, including FPL, to issue a request for proposal (RFP) except when the FPSC determines that an exception from the RFP process is in the public interest. The RFP process allows independent power producers and others to bid to supply the new generating capacity. If a bidder has the most cost-effective alternative, meets other criteria such as financial viability and demonstrates adequate expertise and experience in building and/or operating generating capacity of the type proposed, the investor-owned electric utility would seek to negotiate a PPA with the selected bidder and request that the FPSC approve the terms of the PPA and, if appropriate, provide the required authorization for the construction of the bidder's generating capacity. FPL SOURCES OF GENERATION As of December 31, 2025 , FPL's resources for serving load consisted of approximately 36,616 MW of net generating capacity, of which 36,372 MW were from FPL-owned facilities and 244 MW were available through PPAs. FPL owned and operated 44 units with generating capacity of 24,314 MW that primarily use natural gas and 108 solar generation facilities with generating capacity totaling 7,932 MW. In addition, FPL owned, or had undivided interests in, and operated four nuclear units with net generating capacity totaling 3,502 MW (see Nuclear Operations below) an d had a joint ownership interest in a coal unit located in Georgia, which is operated by the joint owner, with a net generating capacity of 215 MW (see Note 7 Jointly-Owned Electric Plants). FPL also develops and constructs battery storage projects, which, when combined with its solar projects, serve to enhance its ability to meet customer needs for a nearly firm generation source. As of December 31, 2025 , FPL had 991 MW of battery storage capacity that delivers energy to the transmission system. FPL customer usage and operating revenues are typically higher during the summer months, largely due to the prevalent use of air conditioning in its service area. Occasionally, unusually cold temperatures during the winter months result in significant increases in electricity usage for short periods of time. In 2025, FPL added new solar generation with capacity totaling 894 MW and battery storage capacity totaling 522 MW. In January 2026, FPL placed 596 MW of solar generating capacity in service and expects to place an additional 298 MW of solar capacity and approximately 1,420 MW of additional battery storage capacity in service over the remainder of 2026. In 2025, FPL received FERC approval for the acquisition of a 660 MW gas-fired peaking facility with dual fuel capability. The acquisition is expected to close in 2027. Fuel Sources FPL relies upon a mix of fuel sources for its generation facilities, the ability of some of its generation facilities to operate on both natural gas and low sulfur diesel, the use of battery storage at certain generation facilities and on purchased power to maintain the flexibility to achieve a more economical fuel mix in order to respond to market and industry developments. *approximately 66% has dual fuel capability **certain solar facilities have approximately 582 MW of co-located batteries 7 Table of Content s Significant Fuel and Transportation Contracts. As of December 31, 2025, FPL had the following significant fuel and transportation contracts in place: firm transportation contracts with ten different transportation suppliers for natural gas pipeline capacity for an aggregate maximum delivery quantity of 2,836,000 MMBtu/day with expiration dates through 2042 (see Note 15 Contracts); several contracts for the supply of uranium and the conversion, enrichment and fabrication of nuclear fuel with expiration dates through 2039 ; and short- and medium-term natural gas supply contracts, with expiration dates through 2028, to provide a portion of FPL's anticipated needs for natural gas, with the remainder of FPL's natural gas requirements being purchased in the spot market. Nuclear Operations As of December 31, 2025, FPL owned, or had undivided interests in, and operated the four nuclear units in Florida discussed below. FPL's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, including inspections, repairs and certain other modifications. Scheduled nuclear refueling outages require the unit to be removed from service for variable lengths of time. Facility Net Generating Capacity (MW) Beginning of Next Scheduled Refueling Outage Operating License Expiration Date St. Lucie Unit 1 981 April 2027 2036 (a) St. Lucie Unit 2 840 (b) April 2026 2043 (a) Turkey Point Unit 3 837 February 2028 2052 (c) Turkey Point Unit 4 844 February 2027 2053 (c) ______________________ (a) In 2021, FPL filed an application with the NRC to renew both St. Lucie operating licenses for an additional 20 years. License renewals are pending. (b) Excludes 147 MW operated by FPL but owned by non-affiliates. (c) In September 2024, the license renewals for both Turkey Point units were approved. An intervenor's appeal of the decision dismissing its proposed contentions against the license renewals is pending before the NRC. NRC regulations require FPL to submit a plan for decontamination and decommissioning five years before the projected end of plant operation. If the license renewals are approved by the NRC, FPL's plans provide for St. Lucie Unit 1 to be shut down in 2056 with decommissioning activities to be integrated with the dismantlement of St. Lucie Unit 2 commencing in 2063. FPL's plans provide for the dismantlement of Turkey Point Units 3 and 4 with decommissioning activities commencing in 2052 and 2053, respectively. FPL's nuclear facilities use both on-site storage pools and dry storage casks to store spent nuclear fuel generated by these facilities, which are expected to provide sufficient storage of spent nuclear fuel that is generated at these facilities through license expiration, as well as through any pending license extensions. FPL ENERGY MARKETING AND TRADING FPL's Energy Marketing Trading division (EMT) supports the operation of FPL's generation fleet by procuring and managing fuel supplies and related energy commodities, including renewable energy credits (RECs). EMT sources natural gas, oil and low sulfur diesel from a diverse set of suppliers and geographic markets. FPL sells excess fuel and electricity when available and also uses derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options and forwards) to manage the physical and financial risks inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity. The results of EMT's activities are primarily passed through to customers in the fuel or capacity clauses, and beginning in 2026, certain amounts will be recognized in base rates. See Management's Discussion Energy Marketing and Trading and Market Risk Sensitivity and Note 3. FPL REGULATION FPL's operations are subject to regulation by a number of federal, state and other organizations, including, but not limited to, the following: the FPSC, which has jurisdiction over retail rates, service areas, issuances of securities, and planning, siting and construction of facilities, among other things; the FERC, which oversees the acquisition and disposition of electric generation, transmission and other facilities, transmission of electricity and natural gas in interstate commerce, proposals to build and operate interstate natural gas pipelines and storage facilities, and wholesale purchases and sales of electric energy, among other things; the NERC, which, through its regional entities, establishes and enforces mandatory reliability standards, subject to approval by the FERC, to ensure the reliability of the U.S. electric transmission and generation system and to prevent major system blackouts; 8 Table of Content s the NRC, which has jurisdiction over the operation of nuclear power plants through the issuance of operating licenses, rules, regulations and orders; and the EPA, which has the responsibility to maintain and enforce national standards under a variety of environmental laws, and in some cases delegates authority to state agencies. The EPA also works with industries and all levels of government, including federal and state governments, in a wide variety of voluntary pollution prevention programs and energy conservation efforts. FPL Electric Rate Regulation The FPSC sets rates at a level that is intended to allow the utility the opportunity to collect from retail customers total revenues (revenue requirements) equal to its cost of providing service, including a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. To accomplish this, the FPSC uses various ratemaking mechanisms, including, among other things, base rates and cost recovery clauses. Base Rates . In general, the basic costs of providing electric service, other than fuel and certain other costs, are recovered through base rates, which are designed to recover the costs of constructing, operating and maintaining the utility system. These basic costs include O M expenses, depreciation and taxes, as well as a return on investment in assets used and useful in providing electric service (rate base). When base rates are established, the allowed rate of return on rate base approximates the FPSC's determination of the utility's estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which includes its costs for outstanding debt and an allowed return on common equity. The FPSC monitors the utility's actual regulatory ROE through a surveillance report that is filed monthly with the FPSC. The FPSC does not provide assurance that any regulatory ROE will be achieved. Base rates are determined in rate proceedings o r through negotiated settlements of those proceedings. Proceedings can occur at the initiative of the utility or upon action by the FPSC. Existing base rates remain in effect until new base rates are approved by the FPSC. Base Rates Effective January 2026 through December 2029 In January 2026, the FPSC issued a final order approving a stipulation and settlement agreement between FPL and several intervenors in FPL's base rate proceeding (2025 rate agreement). Key elements of the 2025 rate agreement, which became effective in January 2026 and continues through at least December 2029, include, among other things, the following: New retail base rates and charges were established resulting in the following increases in annualized retail base revenues: $945 million beginning January 1, 2026; and $705 million beginning January 1, 2027. In addition, FPL will receive, subject to conditions specified in the 2025 rate agreement, base rate increases associated with solar generation projects that enter service in 2027, 2028 and 2029 and battery storage projects that enter service in 2028 and 2029 through a Solar and Battery Base Rate Adjustment (SoBRA) mechanism. FPL is required to demonstrate either a specified economic or resource/reliability need for these projects. FPL's authorized regulatory ROE is 10.95%, with a range of 9.95% to 11.95%. If FPL's earned regulatory ROE falls below 9.95%, FPL may seek retail base rate relief. If the earned regulatory ROE rises above 11.95%, any party with standing may seek a review of FPL's retail base rates. FPL's authorized regulatory capital structure reflects a 59.6% equity ratio, consistent with prior base rate cases. FPL is authorized to implement a rate stabilization mechanism (RSM) over the term of the 2025 rate agreement up to approximately $1.5 billion, after tax. The RSM reserve includes certain deferred tax liabilities, the remaining balance from FPL s existing reserve amortization mechanism as of January 1, 2026 and investment tax credit amortization for battery storage projects placed in service in 2025. Subject to certain conditions, FPL could amortize the RSM reserve over the term of the 2025 rate agreement, provided that in any 12-month period of the 2025 rate agreement FPL would be required to amortize at least enough RSM reserve amount to maintain its minimum authorized regulatory ROE and also could not amortize any RSM reserve amount that would result in an earned regulatory ROE in excess of its maximum authorized regulatory ROE. Future storm restoration costs are recoverable on an interim basis beginning 60 days from the filing of a cost recovery petition, but capped at an amount that produces a surcharge of no more than $5 for every 1,000 kWh of usage on residential bills during the first 12 months of cost recovery. Any additional costs would be eligible for recovery in subsequent years. If storm restoration costs, inclusive of the costs to replenish the storm reserve, exceed the cap, FPL could request an increase to the $5 surcharge. See Note 1 Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery. If federal or state permanent corporate income tax changes become effective during the term of the 2025 rate agreement, FPL will be able to prospectively adjust base rates after a review by the FPSC. FPL will implement tariffs for large-load customers with new or incremental load of 50 MW or greater and with a load factor of at least 85%. In February 2026, the Office of Public Counsel, Floridians Against Increased Rates, Inc. and, as a group, Florida Rising, Inc., Environmental Confederation of Southwest Florida, Inc. and League of United Latin American Citizens of Florida filed a joint motion for reconsideration and a joint request for oral argument challenging the FPSC's final order approving the 2025 rate agreement. FPL has opposed the motion and the request for oral argument. 9 Table of Content s Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025 In December 2021, the FPSC issued a final order approving a stipulation and settlement between FPL and several intervenors in FPL's base rate proceeding (2021 rate agreement). In March 2024, the FPSC issued a supplemental final order which affirmed its prior approval of the 2021 rate agreement. Key elements of the 2021 rate agreement, which became effective in January 2022, include, among other things, the following: New retail base rates and charges which resulted in the following increases in annualized retail base revenues: $692 million beginning January 1, 2022; and $560 million beginning January 1, 2023. Additional base rate increases in 2024 and 2025 associated with the addition of 894 MW of new solar generation through the Solar Base Rate Adjustment mechanism in each year. Authorized regulatory ROE of 10.60%, with a range of 9.70% to 11.70%, which was increased in 2022 to be 10.80%, with a range of 9.80% to 11.80%, based on a provision associated with an increase in the U.S. Treasury rate. Subject to certain conditions, the right to amortize up to $1.45 billion (depreciation reserve), provided that in any 12-month period of the 2021 rate agreement, FPL was required to amortize at least enough of the depreciation reserve amount to maintain its minimum authorized annual regulatory ROE and also could not amortize any depreciation reserve amount that would result in an earned regulatory ROE in excess of its maximum authorized regulatory ROE. Expansion of SolarTogether (a voluntary community solar program that gives FPL electric customers an opportunity to participate directly in the expansion of solar energy where participants pay a fixed monthly subscription charge and receive credits on their related monthly customer bill) by constructing an additional 1,788 MW of solar generation from 2022 through 2025, such that the total capacity of SolarTogether is 3,278 MW. An interim storm cost recovery mechanism for storm restoration costs. See Note 1 Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery. Cost Recovery Clauses . Cost recovery clauses are designed to permit full recovery of certain costs and provide a return on certain assets allowed to be recovered through these clauses. Cost recovery clause costs are recovered through levelized monthly charges per kWh or kW, depending on the customer's rate class. These cost recovery clause charges are calculated annually based on estimated costs and estimated customer usage for the following year, plus or minus true-up adjustments to reflect the estimated over- or under-recovery of costs for the current and prior periods. An adjustment to the levelized charges may be approved during the course of a year to reflect revised estimates. FPL recovers costs from customers through the following clauses: Fuel primarily fuel costs, the most significant of the cost recovery clauses in terms of operating revenues (see Note 1 Rate Regulation); Storm Protection Plan costs associated with an FPSC-approved transmission and distribution storm protection plan, substantially all of which are costs for hardening overhead transmission and distribution lines, undergrounding of certain distribution lines and vegetation management; Capacity primarily certain costs associated with the acquisition and retirement of an electric generation facility (see Note 1 Rate Regulation) and capacity payments related to PPAs; Energy Conservatio n costs associated with implementing energy conservation programs; and Environmental certain costs of complying with federal, state and local environmental regulations enacted after April 1993 and costs associated with certain of FPL's solar facilities placed in service prior to 2016. The FPSC has the authority to disallow recovery of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred. These costs may include, among others, fuel and O M expenses, the cost of replacing power lost when generation units are unavailable, storm restoration costs and costs associated with the construction or acquisition of new facilities. FERC The Federal Power Act grants the FERC exclusive ratemaking jurisdiction over wholesale sales of electricity and the transmission of electricity and natural gas in interstate commerce. Pursuant to the Federal Power Act, electric utilities must file for FERC acceptance and maintain tariffs and rate schedules which govern the rates, terms and conditions for the provision of FERC-jurisdictional wholesale power and transmission services. Wholesale power sales tariffs on file at FERC may authorize sales at cost-based rates or, where the seller lacks market power, at market-based rates. The Federal Power Act also gives the FERC authority to certify and oversee an electric reliability organization with authority to establish and independently enforce mandatory reliability standards applicable to all users, owners and operators of the bulk-power system. See NERC below. Electric utilities are subject to accounting, record-keeping and reporting requirements administered by the FERC. The FERC also places certain limitations on transactions between electric utilities and their affiliates. NERC The NERC has been certified by the FERC as an electric reliability organization. The NERC's mandate is to ensure the reliability and security of the North American bulk-power system through the establishment and enforcement of reliability standards approved by FERC. The NERC's regional entities also enforce reliability standards approved by the FERC. FPL is subject to these reliability standards and incurs costs to ensure compliance with continually heightened requirements, and can incur significant penalties for failing to comply with them. 10 Table of Content s FPL Environmental Regulation FPL is subject to environmental laws and regulations as described in the NEE Environmental Matters section below. FPL expects to seek recovery through the environmental clause for compliance costs associated with any new environmental laws and regulations. FPL HUMAN CAPITAL FPL had approximately 9,400 employees as of December 31, 2025, with approximately 30% of these employees represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW). The collective bargaining agreements have approximate ly three -year terms and expire between April 2027 and January 2028. NEER NEER, one of the largest energy infrastructure developers in the U.S., is comprised of NEE's competitive energy and regulated transmission businesses. NEER is a diversified energy business with a strategy that emphasizes the development, construction and operation of long-term contracted generation facilities and builds and owns regulated electric and gas transmission assets. NEER also provides gas and power solutions through its customer supply business. NEER's strategy focuses on providing cost-effective differentiated solutions to its customers, including emerging large-load opportunities, and on lowering costs and driving growth, including through the use of advanced technologies, such as artificial intelligence and proprietary tools. NEE reports NextEra Energy Resources and NEET, a rate-regulated electric transmission business, on a combined basis for segment reporting purposes, and the combined segment is referred to as NEER. The NEER segment owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates generation facilities, including renewables, nuclear and natural gas, as well as battery storage facilities in wholesale energy markets in the U.S. a nd Canada. NEER, with appr oximately 37,505 MW of total net generating capacity as of December 31, 2025 , is one of the largest wholesale generators of electric power in the U.S., including approximately 37,145 MW of net generating capacity across 44 states and 360 MW of net generating capacity in 4 Canadian provinces . As of December 31, 2025 , NEER operates facilities, in which it has partial or full ownership interests, with a total generating capacity of approximately 45,680 MW. In addition, NEER, a world leader in battery storage based on 2025 MW of net storage capacity, develops and constructs battery storage projects, that either are integrated with its generation projects to enhance its ability to meet customers' firm capacity needs, or operate as standalone facilities. NEER primarily sells its capacity and/or energy output through long-term power sales and battery storage tolling agreements with utilities, retail electricity providers, power cooperatives, municipal electric providers and commercial and industrial customers. The NEER segment also owns, develops, constructs and operates rate-regulated electric transmission assets in North America with a total rate base of $3.2 billion as of December 31, 2025 . NEER's rate-regulated electric transmission assets and the transmission lines that connect its electric generation and battery storage facilities, including facilities of noncontrolling or joint venture interests, to the electric grid are comprised of approximately 400 substations and 4,175 circuit miles of transmission lines as of December 31, 2025 . In addition, as of December 31, 2025, the NEER segment also has ownership interests in regulated natural gas pipelines primarily located in the U.S. NEER's regulated gas transmission business has approximately 3.8 Bcf per day gross pipeline capacity and consists of equity method investments totaling approximately $1.5 billion as of December 31, 2025. Through its customer supply business, NEER engages in energy-related commodity marketing and trading activities, including entering into financial and physical contracts. These contracts primarily involve power and fuel commodities and their related products for the purpose of providing full energy and capacity requirements services, primarily to distribution utilities in certain markets. They are also used to offer customized power and fuel and related risk management services to wholesale customers, including services provided under natural gas asset management agreements, as well as to hedge the production from NEER's generation assets that is not sold under long-term power supply agreements. In addition, NEER participates in natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil production through operating and non-operating ownership interests. NEER hedges the expected output from its natural gas and oil production assets to protect against price movements. 11 Table of Content s OPERATIONS NEER sells products associated with its generation and battery storage facilities (energy, capacity, RECs and ancillary services) in competitive markets in regions where those facilities are located. Customer transactions may be supplied from NEER generation and battery storage facilities or from purchases in the wholesale markets, or from a combination thereof. See Markets and Competition below. NEER's generation and battery storage projects, natural gas pipelines and transmission assets (including noncontrolling or joint venture interests) as of December 31, 2025 are as follows: 12 Table of Content s Energy Assets Generation Assets NEER's portfolio of generation assets primarily consists of generation facilities with long-term power sales agreements for substantially all of their capacity and/or energy output. Information related to contracted generation assets as of December 31, 2025 was as follows: represented approximately 35,627 MW of total net generating capacity; and weighted-average remaining contract term of the power sales agreements of approximately 14 years, primarily based on forecasted contributions to earnings. NEER's merchant generation assets primarily consist of generation facilities that do not have long-term power sales agreements to sell their capacity and/or energy output and therefore require active marketing and hedging. Merchant generation assets as of December 31, 2025 represented approximately 1,878 MW of total net generating capacity, including 841 MW from nuclear generation and 1,032 MW from other peak generation facilities, and are primarily located in the Northeast region of the U.S. NEER utilizes swaps, options, futures and forwards to lock in pricing and manage the commodity price risk inherent in power sales and fuel purchases. In response to potential customer needs, NEER evaluates opportunities for expanding its portfolio of generation assets, including adding new facilities and repowering its current facilities. 13 Table of Content s NEER Generation Assets' Fuel/Technology Mix During 2025 , NEER generated approximately 121 million MWh utilizing the following mix of fuel sources for generation facilities in which it has an ownership interest: Wind Facilities located in 23 states in the U.S. and 4 provinces in Canada; operated a total generating capacity of approximately 27,855 MW, including capacity associated with noncontrolling and joint venture interests, as of December 31, 2025; ownership interests in a total net generating capacity of approximately 22,404 MW as of December 31, 2025; essentially all MW are contracted wind assets located primarily throughout Texas and the West and Midwest regions of the U.S. and Canada; includes the impact of approximately 1,604 MW of new generating capacity added in the U.S. in 2025, as well as ownership interests in assets sold to third parties totaling approximately 165 MW and includes repowering activity related to approximately 132 MW of wind generating capacity. Solar Facilities located in 35 states in the U.S.; operated photovoltaic and solar thermal facilities with a total generating capacity of approximately 12,794 MW, including capacity associated with noncontrolling and joint venture interests , as of December 31, 2025 ; ownership interests in solar facilities with a total net generating capacity of approximately 10,504 MW as of December 31, 2025 ; essentially all MW are contracted solar facilities located primarily throughout the West and South regions of the U.S.; includes the impact of approximately 2,859 MW of generating capacity added in the U.S. in 2025, as well as assets sold to a third party totaling approximately 188 MW. Nuclear Facilities As of December 31, 2025 , NextEra Energy Resources was the sole owner of the two Point Beach nuclear units shown in the table below and was the largest joint owner of the Seabrook nuclear facility shown in the table below. NEER's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, including inspections, repairs and certain other modifications. Scheduled nuclear refueling outages require the unit to be removed from service for variable lengths of time. 14 Table of Content s Facility Location Net Generating Capacity (MW) Portfolio Category Beginning of Next Scheduled Refueling Outage (a) Operating License Expiration Date Seabrook New Hampshire 1,102 (b) Merchant (c) April 2026 2050 Point Beach Unit 1 Wisconsin 595 Contracted (d) October 2026 2050 Point Beach Unit 2 Wisconsin 595 Contracted (d) March 2026 2053 ______________________ (a) NEER has several contracts for the supply of uranium and the conversion, enrichment and fabrication of nuclear fuel for all nuclear units with expiration dates through 2033 (see Note 15 Contracts). (b) Excludes 147 MW operated by NEER but owned by non-affiliates. (c) Includes 261 MW sold under a long-term contract. (d) NEER sells all of the output of Point Beach Units 1 and 2 under long-term contracts through 2030 and 2033, respectively, and sells 84 MW from each unit through their respective operating license dates. NEER is responsible for all nuclear unit operations and the ultimate decommissioning of the nuclear units, the cost of which is shared on a pro-rata basis by the joint owners with respect to the Seabrook unit. NRC regulations require plant owners to submit a plan for decontamination and decommissioning five years before the projected end of plant operation. NEER's nuclear facilities use both on-site storage pools and dry storage casks to store spent nuclear fuel generated by these facilities, which, based on existing regulations, are expected to provide sufficient storage of spent nuclear fuel that is generated at these facilities through current license expiration, as well as through any pending license extensions. NEER also has an approximately 70% interest in Duane Arnold, a nuclear facility located in Iowa. In December 2025, NEER submitted an application to the NRC to reinstate the operating license for Duane Arnold, with an estimated commercial operation date in 2029. A recommissioning of Duane Arnold is contingent upon several factors including receipt of NRC and other regulatory approvals. Additionally, NEER entered into a 25-year PPA for the full capacity of Duane Arnold, and agreements to increase its ownership interest to 100% of the plant, subject to regulatory approvals. In the event that Duane Arnold is not recommissioned, NEER estimates that the cost of decommissioning Duane Arnold is fully funded and would expect completion by approximately 2080. Natural Gas and Other Energy Assets As of December 31, 2025, NEER s portfolio included natural gas generation facilities with a net generating capacity of approximately 1,584 MW. NEER's portfolio also included assets and investments in other businesses with a clean energy focus, such as renewable fuels. NextEra Energy Resources owns, or has a partial ownership interest in, a portfolio of 29 biogas projects, eight of which are operating renewable natural gas facilities and the others are primarily operating landfill gas-to-electric facilities. Battery Storage As of December 31, 2025, NextEra Energy Resources had net ownership interests in approximately 5,177 MW of battery storage capacity located in 18 states in the U.S. and 1 province in Canada. During 2025, NEER added approximately 1,799 MW of battery storage capacity. Policy Incentives for Clean Energy Projects U.S. federal, state and local governments have established various incentives to support the development of clean energy projects. These incentives include accelerated tax depreciation, PTCs, ITCs, cash grants, tax abatements and RPS programs. Pursuant to the U.S. federal Modified Accelerated Cost Recovery System, wind and solar generation facilities are depreciated for tax purposes over a five-year period even though the useful life of such facilities is generally much longer than five years. Owners of wind and solar facilities are eligible to claim an income tax credit (the PTC, or an ITC in lieu of the PTC) upon initially achieving commercial operation. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) modified several pre-existing provisions, including the phase out of these income tax credits, of the Inflation Reduction Act and other laws. Wind and solar generation facilities are eligible for 100% PTC or 30% ITC if such facilities begin construction before July 5, 2026 or are placed in service by December 31, 2027. The PTC is determined based on the amount of electricity produced by the facility during the first ten years of commercial operation. A facility must also meet certain labor requirements to qualify for the 100% PTC or 30% ITC rate or construction must have started on the facility before January 29, 2023. In addition, the PTC is increased by 10% and the ITC rate is increased by 10 percentage points for facilities that satisfy certain tax credit enhancement requirements. Retrofitted wind and solar generation facilities may qualify for a PTC or an ITC if the cost basis of the new investment is at least 80% of the retrofitted facility s total fair value. 15 Table of Content s In addition, the 30% ITC, subject to a phase-down in 2034 and 2035, applies to energy storage projects placed in service after 2022 that begin construction by December 31, 2033 (no eligibility for projects that begin construction after 2035), and to certain property with respect to renewable natural gas facilities (including gas upgrading equipment) placed in service after 2022 that begin construction by December 31, 2024. These projects and property are subject to the same labor requirements and credit enhancements applicable to wind and solar facilities (discussed above). NEE and the wind and solar industries have relied on the settled understanding of the term "begin construction" as informed by longstanding Treasury Department guidance regarding what constitutes the "beginning of construction" for purposes of claiming clean energy tax credits. On August 15, 2025, the Internal Revenue Service issued new guidance for the purpose of determining whether wind and solar facilities "begin construction" before July 5, 2026 such that they are not subject to the December 31, 2027 placed in service requirement. The new guidance applies to wind and solar facilities that begin construction on or after September 2, 2025, with prior guidance applying before that. The new guidance is substantially similar to the prior guidance except that it eliminates the 5% spend test safe harbor as a method to begin construction, such that wind and solar facilities must begin construction by starting physical work of a significant nature. Physical work of a significant nature includes onsite work other than preliminary activities, and offsite work on non-inventory equipment performed by a third-party manufacturer under a binding written contract. The new guidance also retains the "continuity requirement" from prior guidance, as well as the continuity safe harbor that deems the continuity requirement as satisfied if the related facility is placed in service no more than four years after the year it began construction. There will be no clean energy tax credits for wind or solar facilities placed in service after 2030. Nuclear facilities placed in service before August 16, 2022, are eligible for a PTC of $3/MWh (increased to $15/MWh if certain prevailing wage requirements are satisfied) for electricity produced and sold after 2023 and before 2033. The PTC for these nuclear facilities begins to phase out when gross receipts from electricity produced by the nuclear facility exceed $25/MWh and is completely phased out when gross receipts exceed $43.75/MWh (subject to an annual inflation factor). Nuclear facilities placed in service after 2024 (including the restart of nuclear facilities previously in decommissioning) that begin construction by December 31, 2033 are eligible for the 100% PTC or 30% ITC (no eligibility for facilities that begin construction after 2035), and are subject to the same labor requirements and credit enhancements applicable to wind and solar facilities (discussed above). All facilities and projects discussed above that begin construction after December 31, 2025 must satisfy the prohibited foreign entity material assistance requirements under the OBBBA in order to be eligible for tax credits. Clean energy tax credits can be transferred to an unrelated purchaser for cash, providing an additional path, along with sales of differential membership interests, for developers to monetize the value of clean energy tax credits. Other countries, including Canada, provide for incentives like feed-in-tariffs for renewable energy projects. The feed-in-tariffs promote renewable energy investments by offering long-term contracts to renewable energy producers, typically based on the cost of generation of each technology. 16 Table of Content s Regulated Operations Rate-Regulated Electric Transmission As of December 31, 2025, certain entities within the NEER segment had ownership interests in rate-regulated electric transmission and related facilities. Jurisdiction Miles Substations Kilovolt Location Rate Regulator Ownership Actual/Expected In-Service Dates Operational: Southwest Power Pool (SPP) 607 18 69 345 Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma FERC 100% (a) 1960 2025 ERCOT 374 12 138 345 Texas PUCT 100% 2013 Independent Electricity System Operator (IESO) 280 230 Ontario, Canada OEB 48% 2022 CAISO 223 9 200 (b) 230 California and Nevada FERC 100% (c) 1960 2021 NYISO 20 2 345 New York FERC 100% 2021 2022 Other 70 3 161 345 Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky and New Hampshire FERC 100% (d) 1953 1982 Under Construction: CAISO 142 7 230 500 Arizona, California and Nevada FERC 100% 2027 2031 MISO 139 161 765 Minnesota and Wisconsin FERC 40% 2034 SPP 137 345 New Mexico FERC 100% 2026 PJM 108 1 500 Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia and West Virginia FERC 100% 2031 ERCOT 41 5 345 Texas PUCT 100% 2026 2028 ______________________ (a) Includes a 33-mile transmission line and 5 substations, in which NEET owns a 65% interest. (b) Direct current. (c) In July 2025, a subsidiary of NEET entered into an agreement to sell a 50% equity interest in a joint venture, consisting of a rate-regulated electric transmission asset located in California. NEER expects to close the sale in the first quarter of 2026. See Note 1 Disposal of Businesses. (d) Includes a substation, in which NEET owns an 88.3% interest. Regulated Natural Gas Transmission As of December 31, 2025, NextEra Energy Resources had ownership interests in natural gas pipelines. Miles of Pipeline Pipeline Location/Route Ownership Total Gross Capacity (per day) Actual In-Service Dates Operational: Sabal Trail (a) 517 Southwestern Alabama to Central Florida 36.125% 1.00 Bcf June 2017 May 2020 Florida Southeast Connection (a) 172 Central Florida to South Florida 85% 0.64 Bcf June 2017 Mountain Valley Pipeline 303 Northwestern West Virginia to Southern Virginia 33.36% (b) 2.00 Bcf June 2024 Lowman Pipeline 60 Southwestern Alabama 85% 0.12 Bcf September 2023 ______________________ (a) See Note 15 Contracts for a discussion of transportation contracts with FPL. (b) In January 2026, NextEra Energy Resources increased its ownership interest to 36.02%. 17 Table of Content s Other Operations Customer Supply NEER provides commodities-related products to customers, including municipal utilities and cooperatives, engages in energy-related commodity marketing and trading activities and includes the operations of a retail electricity provider and ownership interests in natural gas and oil shale formations located primarily in the South region of the U.S. Through NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiary, NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC, NEER: manages risk associated with fluctuating commodity prices and optimizes the value of NEER's power generation and natural gas and oil production assets through the use of swaps, options, futures and forwards; sells output from NEER's plants that is not sold under long-term contracts and procures fuel for use by NEER's generation fleet; provides full energy and capacity requirements to customers; and markets and trades energy-related commodity products, including power and fuel, as well as marketing and trading services to customers. In January 2026, a wholly owned subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources acquired Symmetry Energy Solutions, a commercial and industrial natural gas business. See Note 6 Symmetry Acquisition. MARKETS AND COMPETITION Electricity markets in the U.S. and Canada are regional and diverse in character. All are extensively regulated, and competition in these markets is shaped and constrained by regulation. The nature of the products offered varies based on the specifics of regulation in each region. Generally, in addition to the natural constraints on pricing freedom presented by competition, NEER may also face specific constraints in the form of price caps, or maximum allowed prices, for certain products. NEER's ability to sell the output of its generation facilities may also be constrained by available transmission capacity, which can vary from time to time and can have a significant impact on pricing. The degree and nature of competition is different in wholesale markets than in retail markets. A majority of NEER's revenues are derived from sales of energy, capacity, credits and ancillary products under long-term PPAs to customers located in wholesale electricity markets. Wholesale power generation is a capital-intensive, commodity-driven business with numerous industry participants. NEER primarily competes on the basis of price, but believes that its track record of completing projects on schedule, creditworthiness, operating scale and ability to offer and manage reliable customized risk solutions to wholesale customers are competitive advantages. Wholesale power generation is a regional business that is highly fragmented relative to many other commodity industries and diverse in terms of industry structure. As such, there is a wide variation in terms of the capabilities, resources, nature and identity of the companies NEER competes with depending on the market. In wholesale markets, customers' needs are met through a variety of means, including long-term bilateral contracts, standardized bilateral products such as full requirements service and customized supply and risk management services. In general, U.S. and Canadian electricity markets encompass three classes of services: energy and related energy credits, capacity and ancillary services. Energy services relate to the physical delivery of power; capacity services relate to the availability of MW capacity of a power generation asset; and ancillary services are other services that relate to power generation assets, such as load regulation and spinning and non-spinning reserves. The exact nature of these classes of services is defined in part by regional tariffs. Not all regions have a capacity services class, and the specific definitions of ancillary services vary from region to region. RTOs and ISOs exist throughout much of North America to coordinate generation and transmission across wide geographic areas and to run markets. NEER operates in all RTO and ISO jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2025, NEER also had generation facilities with a total net generating capacity of approximately 9,788 MW that fall within reliability regions that are not under the jurisdiction of an established RTO or ISO, including 6,121 MW within the Western Electricity Coordinating Council and 2,977 MW within the SERC Reliability Corporation. Although each RTO and ISO may have differing objectives and structures, some benefits of these entities include regional planning, managing transmission congestion, developing larger wholesale markets for energy and capacity, maintaining reliability and facilitating competition among wholesale electricity providers. RTO and ISO rules and procedures are currently being revisited in stakeholder processes and other proceedings, including proceedings before FERC, in response to the substantial increase in power demand from data centers and other large-load customers. Any such rule changes could impact the manner in which data centers and other large loads interconnect to the grid and interact with the wholesale power markets, which could in turn create new risks and opportunities for NEER s businesses. 18 Table of Content s NEER has operations that fall within the following RTOs and ISOs: NEER competes in different regions to differing degrees, but in general it seeks to enter into long-term bilateral contracts for the full output of its generation facilities. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 95% of NEER's net generating capacity was committed under long-term contracts. As long-term contacts approach maturity, NEER expects to pursue recontracting and other commercial renewals where supported by market conditions and customer demand. Where long-term contracts are not in effect, NEER sells the output of its facilities into daily spot markets. In such cases, NEER will frequently enter into shorter term bilateral contracts, typically of less than three years duration, to hedge the price risk associated with selling into a daily spot market. Such bilateral contracts, which may be hedges either for physical delivery or for financial (pricing) offset, serve to protect a portion of the revenue that NEER expects to derive from the associated generation facility. Contracts that serve the economic purpose of hedging some portion of the expected revenue of a generation facility but are not recorded as hedges under GAAP are referred to as non-qualifying hedges for adjusted earnings purposes. See Management's Discussion Overview Adjusted Earnings. Certain facilities within the NEER wind and solar generation portfolio produce RECs and other environmental attributes which are typically sold along with the energy from the plants under long-term contracts, or may be sold separately from wind and solar generation not sold under long-term contracts. The purchasing party is solely entitled to the reporting rights and ownership of the environmental attributes. While the majority of NEER's revenue is derived from the output of its generation facilities, NEER is also an active competitor in several regions in the wholesale full requirements business and in providing structured and customized power and fuel products and services to a variety of customers. In the full requirements service, typically, the supplier agrees to meet the customer's needs for a full range of products for every hour of the day, at a fixed price, for a predetermined period of time, thereby assuming the risk of fluctuations in the customer's volume requirements. 19 Table of Content s The regulated electric transmission market, served by NEET, operates under a cost-of-service model where revenues are primarily determined by approved rates set by FERC and state/provincial regulators. Transmission is essential for delivering electricity from generation sources to distribution systems and end users. Investments in transmission infrastructure are driven by reliability requirements, generation integration and grid modernization initiatives, with returns based on allowed equity and debt structures rather than commodity price fluctuations. Expanded competition in a frequently changing regulatory environment presents both opportunities and risks for NEER. Opportunities exist for the selective acquisition of generation assets and for the construction and operation of efficient facilities that can sell power in competitive markets. NEER seeks to reduce its market risk by having a diversified portfolio by fuel type and location, as well as by contracting for the future sale of a significant amount of the electricity output of its facilities. NEER REGULATION The energy markets in which NEER operates are subject to domestic and foreign regulation, as the case may be, including local, state and federal regulation, and other specific rules. As of December 31, 2025 , essentially all of NEER's generation facilities located in the U.S. have received exempt wholesale generator status as defined under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005. Exempt wholesale generators own or operate a facility exclusively to sell electricity to wholesale customers. They are barred from selling electricity directly to retail customers. While projects with exempt wholesale generator status are exempt from various restrictions, each project must still comply with other federal, state and local laws, including, but not limited to, those regarding siting, construction, operation, licensing, pollution abatement and other environmental laws. Additionally, most of the NEER facilities located in the U.S. are subject to FERC regulations and market rules and the NERC's mandatory reliability standards. All of NEER's facilities are subject to environmental laws and the EPA's environmental regulations, and its nuclear facilities are also subject to the jurisdiction of the NRC. See FPL FPL Regulation for additional discussion of FERC, NERC, NRC and EPA regulations. Rates of NEER's rate-regulated electric transmission business are set by regulatory bodies as noted in Operations Regulated Operations Rate-Regulated Electric Transmission. With the exception of facilities located in ERCOT, the FERC has jurisdiction over various aspects of NEER's business in the continental U.S., including the oversight and investigation of competitive wholesale energy markets, regulation of the interstate transmission of electricity, regulation of the transmission and sale of natural gas, and oversight of environmental matters related to natural gas projects and major electricity policy initiatives. The PUCT has jurisdiction, including the regulation of rates and services, oversight of competitive markets, and enforcement of statutes and rules, over NEER facilities located in ERCOT. In addition, certain of NEER's sales to retail customers are subject to consumer protection laws and other regulations related to consumer activities. Certain entities within the NEER segment and their affiliates are also subject to federal and provincial or regional regulations in Canada related to energy operations, energy markets and environmental standards. In Canada, activities related to owning and operating wind and solar projects and participating in wholesale and retail energy markets are regulated at the provincial level. In Ontario, for example, electric generation facilities must be licensed by the OEB and may also be required to complete registrations and maintain market participant status with the IESO, in which case they must agree to be bound by and comply with the provisions of the market rules for the Ontario electricity market as well as the mandatory reliability standards of the NERC. In addition, NEER is subject to environmental laws and regulations as described in the NEE Environmental Matters section below. In order to better anticipate potential regulatory changes, NEER continues to actively monitor and participate in regional market stakeholder processes and other forums where changes to existing rules for the interconnection of renewable energy resources and the purchase and sale of energy commodities are under consideration. In addition to regulation associated with operating assets, the development of energy infrastructure also involves additional and often extensive approvals and permitting requirements at the local, state and federal levels for items such as disturbing wetlands, obtaining no hazard determinations from the Federal Aviation Administration, interacting with wildlife, making wholesale sales of electricity, and other clearances. These requirements may change from time to time. A number of regulatory actions occurred in 2025, including, among others, a federal executive order that calls for a pause in federal land leasing, permitting and approvals for wind development facilities pending completion of a review of the federal rules providing for leasing, permitting and approvals for wind projects and the FERC approval of proposals by regional transmission operators regarding the process for interconnecting new generation projects to certain regional transmission grids. These or similar initiatives could limit NEER s and FPL's ability to obtain or renew necessary approvals, rights-of-way, permits, leases or loans for wind or other energy projects. NEER HUMAN CAPITAL NEER had approximately 7,900 employees as of December 31, 2025. NEER has collective bargaining agreements with the IBEW, the Utility Workers Union of America and the Security Police and Fire Professionals of America, which collectively represent approximately 6% of NEER's employees. The collective bargaining agreements have approximately three-to-four-year terms and expire between September 2026 and December 2028. 20 Table of Content s NEE ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS NEE and its subsidiaries, including FPL, are subject to environmental laws and regulations, including extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to, among others, air quality, water quality and usage, waste management, wildlife protection and historical resources, for the siting, construction and ongoing operations of their facilities. The environmental laws in the U.S., including, among others, the Endangered Species Act (ESA), the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act (BGEPA), provide for the protection of numerous species, including endangered species and/or their habitats, migratory birds, bats and eagles. The environmental laws in Canada, including, among others, the Species at Risk Act, provide for the recovery of wildlife species that are endangered or threatened and the management of species of special concern. Complying with these environmental laws and regulations could result in, among other things, changes in the design and operation of, and additional costs associated with, existing facilities and changes or delays in the location, design, construction and operation of new facilities. Failure to comply could result in fines, penalties, criminal sanctions or injunctions. NEE's rate-regulated subsidiaries expect to seek recovery for compliance costs associated with any new environmental laws and regulations, which recovery for FPL would be through the environmental clause. WEBSITE ACCESS TO SEC FILINGS NEE and FPL make their SEC filings, including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, available free of charge on NEE's internet website, www.nexteraenergy.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after those documents are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information and materials available on NEE's website (or any of its subsidiaries' or affiliates' websites) are not incorporated by reference into this combined Form 10-K. 21 Table of Content s INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (a) Name Age Position Effective Date Brian W. Bolster 53 President and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy Resources May 22, 2025 Scott Bores 44 President of FPL December 1, 2025 Robert Coffey 62 Executive Vice President, Nuclear Division and Chief Nuclear Officer of NEE Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer of FPL June 14, 2021 June 15, 2021 Terrell Kirk Crews II 47 Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of NEE Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of FPL May 6, 2024 Nicole Daggs 51 Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Services of NEE Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Services of FPL January 1, 2024 Michael H. Dunne 50 Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of NEE Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of FPL May 22, 2025 William J. Gough 39 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of NEE May 22, 2025 John W. Ketchum 55 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of NEE Chairman of FPL July 29, 2022 February 15, 2023 Mark Lemasney 50 Executive Vice President, Power Generation Division of NEE Executive Vice President, Power Generation Division of FPL January 1, 2023 James M. May 49 Treasurer and Assistant Secretary of NEE Treasurer of FPL May 22, 2025 Armando Pimentel, Jr. 63 Chief Executive Officer of FPL February 15, 2023 Ronald R. Reagan 57 Executive Vice President, Engineering, Construction and Integrated Supply Chain of NEE Vice President, Engineering and Construction of FPL January 1, 2020 March 1, 2019 Charles E. Sieving 53 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal, Environmental and Federal Regulatory Affairs Officer of NEE Executive Vice President of FPL May 18, 2023 January 1, 2009 ______________________ (a) Information is as of February 13, 2026. Executive officers are elected annually by, and serve at the pleasure of, their respective boards of directors. Except as noted below, each officer has held his/her present position for five years or more and his/her employment history is continuous. Mr. Bolster served as Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of NEE and FPL from May 2024 to May 2025. He previously was Partner Managing Director, Head of Natural Resources Investment Banking (Americas) for Goldman Sachs Co. LLC from September 2020 until May 2024. Mr. Bores served as Vice President, Finance of FPL from January 2022 to December 2025. He previously served as Senior Director, Financial Forecast, Strategy and Analysis of FPL from July 2015 to December 2021. Mr. Coffey served as Vice President, Nuclear for FPL from May 2019 to June 2021. Mr. Crews served as Vice President, Business Management of NextEra Energy Resources from March 2019 to February 2022 and was Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of NEE and FPL from March 2022 until May 2024 . Mrs. Daggs served as Vice President, Human Resources for FPL from April 2018 to December 2023. Mr. Dunne served as Treasurer of NEE and FPL and Assistant Secretary of NEE from January 2023 to May 2025 and was Vice President Finance of NEE from April 2022 to December 2022. He was previously Managing Director, Global Energy Power Investment Banking for Bank of America from January 2012 to March 2022. Mr. Gough served as Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis of NEE from October 2024 to May 2025 and Executive Director, Financial Planning and Analysis of NEE from January 2024 to October 2024. He previously served as Assistant Controller of NEE from August 2023 to January 2024 and Controller of NEET from August 2021 to August 2023. Prior to that he served as Vice President, New York Financial Controller at National Grid plc from December 2019 to April 2021. Mr. Ketchum served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NEE from March 2022 to July 2022. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy Resources from March 2019 to February 2022. Mr. Lemasney served as Vice President of Power Generation Division Engineering and Operations Support Services of NEE from November 2018 to December 2022. Mr. May served as Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of NEE from March 2019 to May 2025. Mr. Pimentel served as a member of the Board of Directors of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. from September 2022 to April 2025. He previously served as President of FPL from February 2023 to December 2025 and as President and Chief Executive Officer of NextEra Energy Resources from October 2011 to March 2019. Mr. Sieving previously served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of NEE from December 2008 to May 2023. 22 Table of Content s Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to NEE's and FPL's Business The business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond the control of NEE and FPL. These risks, whether or not expressly stated with respect to any particular risk factor, as well as additional risks and uncertainties either not presently known or that are currently believed to not be material to the business, may materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL and may cause actual results of NEE and FPL to differ substantially from those that NEE or FPL currently expects or seeks. In that event, the market price for the securities of NEE or FPL could decline. Accordingly, the risks described below should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future reports that NEE and FPL file with the SEC. Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected by the extensive regulation of their business. The operations of NEE and FPL are subject to complex and comprehensive federal, state and other regulation. This extensive regulatory framework, portions of which are more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulates, among other things and to varying degrees, NEE's and FPL's industry, businesses, operations, and rates and cost structures, including: siting, permitting, planning, construction and operation of electric generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities and natural gas, oil and other fuel production, transportation, processing and storage facilities; acquisitions, disposals, depreciation and amortization of facilities and other assets; decommissioning costs and funding; service reliability; wholesale and retail competition; and commodities trading and derivatives transactions. In their business planning and in the management of their operations, NEE and FPL must address the effects of regulation on their business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they are unable to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise. FPL operates as an electric utility and is subject to the jurisdiction of the FPSC over a wide range of business activities, including, among other items, the retail rates charged to its customers through base rates and cost recovery clauses, the terms and conditions of its services, procurement of electricity for its customers and fuel for its plant operations, issuances of securities, and aspects of the siting, permitting, planning, construction and operation of its generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities for the sale of electric energy. The FPSC has the authority to disallow recovery by FPL of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred and to determine the level of return that FPL is permitted to earn on invested capital. The regulatory process, which may be adversely affected by the geopolitical, political, regulatory, operational and economic environment in Florida and elsewhere, limits or could otherwise adversely impact NEE's and FPL's earnings. The regulatory process also does not provide any assurance as to achievement of authorized or other earnings levels, or that FPL will be permitted to earn an acceptable return on capital investments it wishes to make. NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if any material amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital cannot be recovered through base rates, cost recovery clauses, other regulatory mechanisms or otherwise. Certain other subsidiaries of NEE, such as subsidiaries of NEET, are utilities subject to the ratemaking jurisdiction of FERC, the PUCT or the OEB and are subject to similar risks. Regulatory decisions that are important to NEE and FPL may be materially adversely affected by political, regulatory, operational and economic factors. The local and national political, regulatory and economic environment has had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on regulatory decisions with negative consequences for NEE and FPL. These decisions, which may come from any level of government, including through actions taken, or not taken, by government agencies as a result of executive orders, may require, for example, FPL or NEER to cancel or delay planned development activities, to reduce or delay other planned capital expenditures or to pay for investments or otherwise incur costs that it may not be able to recover through rates or otherwise, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL. Any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support clean energy, including, but not limited to, tax laws, policies and incentives, RPS and feed-in-tariffs, or changes in or the imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, duties or other costs or assessments on clean energy or the equipment necessary to generate, store or deliver it, could result in, among other items, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of new clean energy projects, NEE and FPL abandoning the development of clean energy projects, a 23 Table of Content s loss of investments in clean energy projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. NEE depends on government policies that support clean energy and enhance the economic feasibility of developing and operating clean energy projects in regions in which NEER and FPL operate or plan to develop and operate such facilities. The federal government, a majority of state governments in the U.S. and portions of Canada provide incentives, such as tax incentives, RPS or feed-in-tariffs, that support or are designed to support the sale of energy from clean energy facilities, such as wind and solar energy facilities and energy storage facilities. However, as a result of budgetary constraints, geopolitical factors, political factors or otherwise, governments from time to time may review their laws and policies that support, or do not overly burden, the development and operation of clean energy facilities and, instead, consider or take actions, such as the OBBBA and related governmental actions, that make or would make the laws and policies less conducive to the development and operation of such projects. Any reductions or modifications to, or the elimination of, governmental incentives or policies that support clean energy or changes in or the imposition of additional taxes, tariffs, duties or other costs or assessments on clean energy or the equipment necessary to generate, store or deliver it, could result in, among other items, higher equipment costs, scarcity of equipment, the lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of new clean energy projects, NEE and FPL abandoning the development of clean energy projects, a loss of investments in the projects and reduced project returns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected by new or revised laws, regulations or executive orders, as well as by regulatory action or inaction. NEE's and FPL's business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of legal activity, such as: 1) the adoption of new or revised laws, such as international trade laws, regulations and interpretations; 2) constitutional ballot or regulatory initiatives, such as those seeking deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry; 3) new or revised regulations, such as those affecting the commodities trading and derivatives markets, emissions, water consumption, water discharges, wetlands, gas and oil infrastructure operations, and environmental and other permitting requirements for energy infrastructure projects; 4) actions taken, or not taken, by government agencies as a result of executive orders, such as failing to issue, delaying the issuance of, or increasing the requirements necessary to obtain approvals, rights-of-way, permits, determinations, leases or loans related to wind or other clean energy projects; and 5) changes in the way government interprets or applies laws, regulations and orders. Changes in the nature of the regulation of NEE's and FPL's business through this type or other types of legal activity, such as the repeal, revocation or reversal of existing laws, regulations or actions, could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. NEE and FPL are unable to predict future legislative, regulatory or executive action or inaction, including through constitutional ballot initiatives or changed government interpretations or applications, although any such changes may increase costs, the challenges associated with developing and operating clean and other energy infrastructure projects, and competitive pressures on NEE and FPL, which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. FPL has limited, but growing, competition in the Florida market for retail electricity customers and is not subject to an RPS. Any changes in Florida law or regulation, whether through new, modified, repealed or overturned legislation, regulation or executive action or through citizen-approved state constitutional ballot initiatives, which increase competition in the Florida retail electricity market, such as government incentives that would further facilitate the installation of solar generation facilities on residential or other rooftops or would permit third-party sales of electricity, could have a material adverse effect on FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. FPL and NEER are also regulated by FERC as transmission providers and sellers of wholesale power. FERC regulation of transmission and wholesale power transactions, including the ability of new energy infrastructure projects to interconnect to the transmission grid and sell the power they produce, evolves over time as a result of rulemaking proceedings and new legislative directives from Congress. There can be no assurance that FPL or NEER would be able to respond adequately to the aforementioned state and federal regulatory changes, which could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. FPL and NEER are also subject to FERC rules related to transmission that are designed to facilitate competition in the wholesale market on practically a nationwide basis and that evolve over time. NEE cannot predict the impact of changing FERC rules or policies of the RTOs and ISOs, such as existing or potential future rules governing economic dispatch, generator and load interconnection procedures, transmission planning requirements, cost allocation methodologies and cost recovery policies, or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are typically driven by factors beyond NEE's control. There can be no assurance that FPL or NEER will be able to respond adequately to such rules and developments, which may impact the ability, timeline and cost to interconnect new or repowered energy projects to the transmission system and the availability of transmission system capacity to deliver energy products to market, or to any changes that reverse or restrict the competitive restructuring of the energy industry in those jurisdictions in which such restructuring has occurred. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on NEE's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The structure of the energy industry and regulation in the U.S. is currently, and may continue to be, subject to challenges and restructuring proposals. Additional regulatory approvals may be required due to changes in law or for other reasons. NEE expects the laws and regulations applicable to its business and the energy industry, including laws and regulations generally supportive of clean energy project development, generally to be in a state of transition for the foreseeable future. Changes in the 24 Table of Content s structure of the industry or in such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. NEE and FPL are subject to numerous environmental laws, regulations and other standards that may result in capital expenditures, increased operating costs and various liabilities, and may require NEE and FPL to limit or eliminate certain operations. NEE and FPL are subject to domestic environmental laws, regulations and other standards, including, but not limited to, extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality and usage, soil quality, greenhouse gas emissions, waste management, hazardous wastes, marine, avian, bat and other wildlife mortality and habitat protection, historical artifact preservation, natural resources, health (including, but not limited to, electric and magnetic fields from power lines and substations), safety, fire prevention and RPS, that could, among other things, prevent or delay the development of electric generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities, gas transportation, or other development projects, restrict or enjoin the output of some existing facilities, limit the availability and use of some fuels required for the production of electricity, require additional pollution control and fire prevention equipment, and otherwise increase costs, increase capital expenditures and limit or eliminate certain operations. Certain subsidiaries of NEE are also subject to foreign environmental laws, regulations and other standards and, as such, are subject to similar risks. There are significant capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental statutes, rules and regulations, and those costs could be even more significant in the future as a result of new requirements, stricter or more expansive application of existing environmental laws and regulations, and the addition of species, such as additional bat species, to the endangered species list. Violations of current or future laws, rules, regulations or other standards could expose NEE and FPL to regulatory and legal proceedings, disputes with, and legal challenges by, governmental entities and third parties, and potentially significant civil fines, criminal penalties and other sanctions, such as restrictions on how NextEra Energy Resources develops, sites and operates wind facilities. These violations could result in, without limitation, litigation regarding property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance and enforcement by citizens or governmental authorities of environmental requirements. For example, one of NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiaries is currently on probation as a result of accidental collisions of eagles into wind turbines at a number of NextEra Energy Resources' wind facilities. If NextEra Energy Resources' subsidiary violates the terms of the probation, or fails to obtain eagle take permits under the BGEPA or incidental take permits under the ESA for certain of its wind facilities and additional eagles or listed species, like cave bats, perish in collisions with facility turbines, NextEra Energy Resources or its subsidiaries could face criminal prosecution under these laws. NEE's and FPL's business could be negatively affected by federal or state laws or regulations mandating new or additional limits on the production of greenhouse gas emissions. Federal or state laws or regulations may be adopted that would impose new or additional limits on greenhouse gas emissions, including, but not limited to, carbon dioxide and methane, from electric generation units using fuels, such as natural gas. The potential effects of greenhouse gas emission limits on NEE's and FPL's electric generation units are subject to significant uncertainties based on, among other things, the timing of the implementation of any new requirements, the required levels of emission reductions, the nature of any market-based or tax-based mechanisms adopted to facilitate reductions, the relative availability of greenhouse gas emission reduction offsets, the development of cost-effective, commercial-scale carbon capture and storage technology and supporting regulations and liability mitigation measures, and the range of available compliance alternatives. The results of operations of NEE and FPL could be materially adversely affected to the extent that new federal or state laws or regulations impose any new greenhouse gas emission limits. Any future limits on greenhouse gas emissions could: create substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emissions allowances; make some of NEE's and FPL's electric generation units uneconomical to operate in the long term; require significant capital investment in carbon capture and storage technology, fuel switching, or the replacement of high-emitting generation facilities with lower-emitting generation facilities; or affect the availability or cost of fuel, such as natural gas. There can be no assurance that NEE or FPL would be able to completely recover any such costs or investments, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Extensive federal, state and local government regulation of the operations and businesses of NEE and FPL exposes NEE and FPL to significant and increasing compliance costs and may also expose them to substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions for compliance failures. NEE's and FPL's operations and businesses are subject to extensive federal, state and local government regulation, which generally imposes significant and increasing compliance costs. Additionally, any actual or alleged compliance failures could result in significant costs and other potentially adverse effects of regulatory investigations, proceedings, settlements, decisions 25 Table of Content s and claims, including, among other items, potentially significant monetary penalties. As an example, under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, NEE and FPL, as owners and operators of bulk-power transmission systems and/or electric generation facilities, are subject to mandatory reliability standards. Compliance with these mandatory reliability standards may subject NEE and FPL to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. If FPL or NEE is found not to be in compliance with these standards, they may incur substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions. In addition, certain of NEE's and FPL's sales to retail customers are subject to consumer protection laws and other regulations related to consumer activities that are implemented and enforced by a number of federal, state and local government entities. Both the costs of regulatory compliance and the costs that may be imposed as a result of any actual or alleged compliance failures could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including but not limited to, changes in corporate income tax rates and the qualifications for clean energy tax credits, as well as judgments and estimates used in the determination of tax-related asset and liability amounts, could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. NEE's and FPL's provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities require significant judgments and the use of estimates. Amounts of tax-related assets and liabilities involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income, deductions and tax credits, including, but not limited to, estimates for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken and the ability to utilize tax benefit carryforwards, such as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Actual income taxes could vary significantly from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of, among other things, changes in tax laws, guidance or policies, including, but not limited to, changes in corporate income tax rates, clean energy tax credits and transferability of clean energy tax credits, the issuance of guidance related to the qualification for clean energy tax credits and bonus credits, the financial condition and results of operations of NEE and FPL and the resolution of audit issues raised by taxing authorities. These factors, including the ultimate resolution of income tax matters, may result in material adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially affected due to adverse results of litigation. NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially affected by adverse results of litigation. Unfavorable resolution of legal or administrative proceedings in which NEE or FPL is involved or other future legal or administrative proceedings may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL. Allegations of violations of law by FPL or NEE have the potential to result in fines, penalties, or other sanctions or effects, as well as cause reputational damage for FPL and NEE, and could hamper FPL s and NEE s effectiveness in interacting with governmental authorities. FPL s and NEE s business and reputation could be adversely affected by allegations that FPL or NEE has violated laws, by any investigations or proceedings that arise from such allegations, or by ultimate determinations of legal violations. For example, media articles were first published in 2021 that alleged, among other things, Florida state and federal campaign finance law violations by FPL. FPL and NEE cannot provide assurance that the outcome of any allegations of violations of law will not result in the imposition of material fines, penalties, or otherwise result in other sanctions or effects on FPL or NEE, or will not have a material adverse impact on the reputation of NEE or FPL or on the effectiveness of their interactions with governmental regulators or other authorities. Development and Operational Risks NEE's and FPL's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer if NEE and FPL do not proceed with projects under development or are unable to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, electric generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities, natural gas and oil production and transportation facilities and other facilities on schedule or within budget. NEE's and FPL's ability to proceed with projects under development and to complete construction of, and capital improvement projects for, their electric generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities, natural gas and oil production and transportation facilities and other facilities on schedule and within budget have been, from time to time, and in the future may be, adversely affected by timely availability of equipment and labor, escalating costs for materials, labor and regulatory compliance, inability to obtain, maintain or renew necessary licenses, rights-of-way, permits or other approvals on acceptable terms or on schedule, disputes involving contractors, labor organizations, land owners, governmental entities, environmental groups, Native American and aboriginal groups, lessors, joint venture partners, suppliers and other third parties, negative publicity, transmission interconnection issues, geopolitical factors, supply chain disruptions, inflation, rising interest rates and other factors. For example, the ability of NEE and FPL to develop certain generation and storage facilities is dependent on the international supply chain for generation equipment, batteries and other associated equipment, and governmental or regulatory actions have caused 26 Table of Content s minor, and could in the future cause material, disruptions in the ability of NEE and FPL to acquire certain generation equipment and batteries on time and at acceptable costs. Additionally, NEER is actively pursuing the restart of the Duane Arnold nuclear generation facility. The restart is subject to certain regulatory approvals, including NRC safety and environmental reviews, as well as permits from relevant state and local agencies. NEER has applied to the NRC to reinstate the operating license and to MISO for an interconnection agreement. Failure to obtain the necessary approvals could result in the impairment of amounts capitalized. Further, NEE could encounter difficulty in procuring or restoring specialized components which could impact the restart timeline. NEE could incur costs greater than expected or encounter unforeseen issues. If any development project or construction or capital improv