=== NEE_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors (in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with such forward-looking statements) that could have a significant impact on NEE's and/or FPL's operations and financial results, and could cause NEE's and/or FPL's actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of NEE and/or FPL in this combined Form 10-K, in presentations, on their respective websites, in response to questions or otherwise. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and NEE and FPL undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including, but not limited to, unanticipated events, after the date on which such statement is made, unless otherwise required by law. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors, nor can it assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in any forward-looking statement. 3 Table of Content s PART I Item 1. Business OVERVIEW NEE is one of the largest electric power and energy infrastructure companies in North America. As of December 31, 2025, NEE had approximately 80 gigawatts of net generation and storage capacity from a diverse portfolio of assets, primarily including natural gas, wind, solar and nuclear generation facilities and battery storage facilities. NEE has two principal businesses, FPL and NEER. FPL is the largest electric utility in Florida and the U.S. FPL s strategic focus is centered on investing in generation, storage, transmission and distribution facilities to deliver on its value proposition of keeping customer bills low and delivering high reliability, outstanding customer service and energy from diverse generation sources for the benefit of its more than six million customer accounts. NEER is one of t he largest energy infrastructure developers in the U.S. NEER s strategic focus is centered on the development, construction and operation of long-term contracted generation facilities, including renewables, nuclear and natural gas, as well as battery storage facilities. NEER also builds and owns regulated electric and gas transmission assets, is a leading gas and power supplier, and delivers integrated energy and technology solutions to utilities and businesses across the U.S. NEE seeks to create value in its two principal businesses by meeting customer needs more economically and reliably than its competitors. NEE's strategy has resulted in profitable growth over sustained periods at both FPL and NEER. Management seeks to grow each business (see Note 15 Commitments) in a manner consistent with the varying opportunities available to it; however, management believes that the diversification and balance represented by FPL and NEER is a valuable characteristic of the enterprise and recognizes that each business contributes to NEE's financial strength in different ways. FPL and NEER share a common platform with the objective of lowering costs, creating efficiencies and encouraging innovative ideas for their businesses. NEE and its subsidiaries, with employees totaling approximately 17,400 as of December 31, 2025, continue to develop and implement enterprise-wide initiatives, including deploying advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence and proprietary tools, focused on improving processes, lowering costs and driving growth. NEE's reportable segments for financial reporting purposes are FPL and NEER (see Note 16). NEECH, a wholly owned subsidiary of NEE, owns and provides funding for NEE's operating subsidiaries, other than FPL and its subsidiaries. The following diagram depicts NEE's simplified ownership structure: 4 Table of Content s FPL FPL is a rate-regulated electric utility engaged primarily in the generation, storage, transmission, distribution and sale of electric energy in Florida. FPL is the largest electric utility in Florida and the U.S. As of December 31, 2025, FPL had 35,963 MW of net generating capacity, approximately 93,000 circuit miles of transmission and distribution lines and 932 substations. FPL provides electric service through an integrated transmission and distribution system that links its generation facilities to its customers. FPL serves approximately 12 million people through more than 6 million customer accounts. The following map shows FPL's service areas and plant locations as of February 13, 2026, which cover most of the east and lower west coasts of Florida and are in ten counties throughout northwest Florida (see FPL Sources of Generation below). 5 Table of Content s CUSTOMERS AND REVENUE FPL's primary source of operating revenues is from its retail customer base; it also serves a limited number of wholesale customers within Florida. The percentage of FPL's operating revenues and customer accounts by customer class were as follows: For both retail and wholesale customers, the prices (or rates) that FPL may charge are approved by regulatory bodies, by the FPSC in the case of retail customers and by the FERC in the case of wholesale customers. In general, under U.S. and Florida law, regulated rates are intended to cover the cost of providing service, including a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. Since the regulatory bodies have authority to determine the relevant cost of providing service and the appropriate rate of return on capital employed, there can be no guarantee that FPL will be able to earn any particular rate of return or recover all of its costs through regulated rates. See FPL Regulation below. FPL seeks to maintain low rates for its customers, while continuing to deliver reliable service. Since rates are largely cost-based, maintaining low rates requires a strategy focused on developing and maintaining a low-cost position, including the implementation of ideas generated from cost savings initiatives and the use of advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence. FPL also seeks to serve large-load customers, such as data centers, through the tariff established in the 2025 rate agreement (as defined in FPL Regulation FPL Electric Rate Regulation Base Rates Base Rates Effective January 2026 through December 2029 below). FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS AND COMPETITION FPL's service to its electric retail customers is provided primarily under franchise agreements negotiated with municipalities or counties. During the term of a franchise agreement, which is typically 30 years, the municipality or county agrees not to form its own utility, and FPL has the right to offer electric service to residents. As of December 31, 2025 , FPL held 226 franchise agreements with various municipalities and counties in Florida with varying expiration dates through 2055. These franchise agreements cover the vast majority of FPL's retail customer base in Florida. As of December 31, 2025 , FPL also provided service to customers in 10 other municipalities and to 27 unincorporated areas within its service area without franchise agreements, pursuant to the general obligation to serve as a public utility. FPL relies upon Florida law for access to public rights-of-way. Because any customer may elect to provide its own electric services, FPL effectively must compete for an individual customer's business. As a practical matter, few customers provide their own service at the present time since FPL's cost of service is lower than the cost of self-generation for a significant majority of customers. Changing technology (particularly the increasing efficiency of solar power generation), tax incentives, economic conditions, regulatory changes and other factors could alter the favorable relative cost position that FPL currently enjoys; however, FPL seeks as a matter of strategy to ensure that it delivers superior value in the form of low customer bills, high reliability, outstanding customer service and energy from diverse generation sources. In addition to self-generation by residential, commercial and industrial customers, FPL also faces competition from other suppliers of electrical energy to wholesale and industrial customers and from alternative energy sources. In 2025, 2024 and 2023, annual operating revenues from wholesale and ind ustrial electric customers combined represented approximately 5% of FPL's total operating revenues. 6 Table of Content s For the building of new steam and solar generating capacity of 75 MW or greater, the FPSC requires investor-owned electric utilities, including FPL, to issue a request for proposal (RFP) except when the FPSC determines that an exception from the RFP process is in the public interest. The RFP process allows independent power producers and others to bid to supply the new generating capacity. If a bidder has the most cost-effective alternative, meets other criteria such as financial viability and demonstrates adequate expertise and experience in building and/or operating generating capacity of the type proposed, the investor-owned electric utility would seek to negotiate a PPA with the selected bidder and request that the FPSC approve the terms of the PPA and, if appropriate, provide the required authorization for the construction of the bidder's generating capacity. FPL SOURCES OF GENERATION As of December 31, 2025 , FPL's resources for serving load consisted of approximately 36,616 MW of net generating capacity, of which 36,372 MW were from FPL-owned facilities and 244 MW were available through PPAs. FPL owned and operated 44 units with generating capacity of 24,314 MW that primarily use natural gas and 108 solar generation facilities with generating capacity totaling 7,932 MW. In addition, FPL owned, or had undivided interests in, and operated four nuclear units with net generating capacity totaling 3,502 MW (see Nuclear Operations below) an d had a joint ownership interest in a coal unit located in Georgia, which is operated by the joint owner, with a net generating capacity of 215 MW (see Note 7 Jointly-Owned Electric Plants). FPL also develops and constructs battery storage projects, which, when combined with its solar projects, serve to enhance its ability to meet customer needs for a nearly firm generation source. As of December 31, 2025 , FPL had 991 MW of battery storage capacity that delivers energy to the transmission system. FPL customer usage and operating revenues are typically higher during the summer months, largely due to the prevalent use of air conditioning in its service area. Occasionally, unusually cold temperatures during the winter months result in significant increases in electricity usage for short periods of time. In 2025, FPL added new solar generation with capacity totaling 894 MW and battery storage capacity totaling 522 MW. In January 2026, FPL placed 596 MW of solar generating capacity in service and expects to place an additional 298 MW of solar capacity and approximately 1,420 MW of additional battery storage capacity in service over the remainder of 2026. In 2025, FPL received FERC approval for the acquisition of a 660 MW gas-fired peaking facility with dual fuel capability. The acquisition is expected to close in 2027. Fuel Sources FPL relies upon a mix of fuel sources for its generation facilities, the ability of some of its generation facilities to operate on both natural gas and low sulfur diesel, the use of battery storage at certain generation facilities and on purchased power to maintain the flexibility to achieve a more economical fuel mix in order to respond to market and industry developments. *approximately 66% has dual fuel capability **certain solar facilities have approximately 582 MW of co-located batteries 7 Table of Content s Significant Fuel and Transportation Contracts. As of December 31, 2025, FPL had the following significant fuel and transportation contracts in place: firm transportation contracts with ten different transportation suppliers for natural gas pipeline capacity for an aggregate maximum delivery quantity of 2,836,000 MMBtu/day with expiration dates through 2042 (see Note 15 Contracts); several contracts for the supply of uranium and the conversion, enrichment and fabrication of nuclear fuel with expiration dates through 2039 ; and short- and medium-term natural gas supply contracts, with expiration dates through 2028, to provide a portion of FPL's anticipated needs for natural gas, with the remainder of FPL's natural gas requirements being purchased in the spot market. Nuclear Operations As of December 31, 2025, FPL owned, or had undivided interests in, and operated the four nuclear units in Florida discussed below. FPL's nuclear units are periodically removed from service to accommodate planned refueling and maintenance outages, including inspections, repairs and certain other modifications. Scheduled nuclear refueling outages require the unit to be removed from service for variable lengths of time. Facility Net Generating Capacity (MW) Beginning of Next Scheduled Refueling Outage Operating License Expiration Date St. Lucie Unit 1 981 April 2027 2036 (a) St. Lucie Unit 2 840 (b) April 2026 2043 (a) Turkey Point Unit 3 837 February 2028 2052 (c) Turkey Point Unit 4 844 February 2027 2053 (c) ______________________ (a) In 2021, FPL filed an application with the NRC to renew both St. Lucie operating licenses for an additional 20 years. License renewals are pending. (b) Excludes 147 MW operated by FPL but owned by non-affiliates. (c) In September 2024, the license renewals for both Turkey Point units were approved. An intervenor's appeal of the decision dismissing its proposed contentions against the license renewals is pending before the NRC. NRC regulations require FPL to submit a plan for decontamination and decommissioning five years before the projected end of plant operation. If the license renewals are approved by the NRC, FPL's plans provide for St. Lucie Unit 1 to be shut down in 2056 with decommissioning activities to be integrated with the dismantlement of St. Lucie Unit 2 commencing in 2063. FPL's plans provide for the dismantlement of Turkey Point Units 3 and 4 with decommissioning activities commencing in 2052 and 2053, respectively. FPL's nuclear facilities use both on-site storage pools and dry storage casks to store spent nuclear fuel generated by these facilities, which are expected to provide sufficient storage of spent nuclear fuel that is generated at these facilities through license expiration, as well as through any pending license extensions. FPL ENERGY MARKETING AND TRADING FPL's Energy Marketing Trading division (EMT) supports the operation of FPL's generation fleet by procuring and managing fuel supplies and related energy commodities, including renewable energy credits (RECs). EMT sources natural gas, oil and low sulfur diesel from a diverse set of suppliers and geographic markets. FPL sells excess fuel and electricity when available and also uses derivative instruments (primarily swaps, options and forwards) to manage the physical and financial risks inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel and electricity. The results of EMT's activities are primarily passed through to customers in the fuel or capacity clauses, and beginning in 2026, certain amounts will be recognized in base rates. See Management's Discussion Energy Marketing and Trading and Market Risk Sensitivity and Note 3. FPL REGULATION FPL's operations are subject to regulation by a number of federal, state and other organizations, including, but not limited to, the following: the FPSC, which has jurisdiction over retail rates, service areas, issuances of securities, and planning, siting and construction of facilities, among other things; the FERC, which oversees the acquisition and disposition of electric generation, transmission and other facilities, transmission of electricity and natural gas in interstate commerce, proposals to build and operate interstate natural gas pipelines and storage facilities, and wholesale purchases and sales of electric energy, among other things; the NERC, which, through its regional entities, establishes and enforces mandatory reliability standards, subject to approval by the FERC, to ensure the reliability of the U.S. electric transmission and generation system and to prevent major system blackouts; 8 Table of Content s the NRC, which has jurisdiction over the operation of nuclear power plants through the issuance of operating licenses, rules, regulations and orders; and the EPA, which has the responsibility to maintain and enforce national standards under a variety of environmental laws, and in some cases delegates authority to state agencies. The EPA also works with industries and all levels of government, including federal and state governments, in a wide variety of voluntary pollution prevention programs and energy conservation efforts. FPL Electric Rate Regulation The FPSC sets rates at a level that is intended to allow the utility the opportunity to collect from retail customers total revenues (revenue requirements) equal to its cost of providing service, including a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. To accomplish this, the FPSC uses various ratemaking mechanisms, including, among other things, base rates and cost recovery clauses. Base Rates . In general, the basic costs of providing electric service, other than fuel and certain other costs, are recovered through base rates, which are designed to recover the costs of constructing, operating and maintaining the utility system. These basic costs include O M expenses, depreciation and taxes, as well as a return on investment in assets used and useful in providing electric service (rate base). When base rates are established, the allowed rate of return on rate base approximates the FPSC's determination of the utility's estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which includes its costs for outstanding debt and an allowed return on common equity. The FPSC monitors the utility's actual regulatory ROE through a surveillance report that is filed monthly with the FPSC. The FPSC does not provide assurance that any regulatory ROE will be achieved. Base rates are determined in rate proceedings o r through negotiated settlements of those proceedings. Proceedings can occur at the initiative of the utility or upon action by the FPSC. Existing base rates remain in effect until new base rates are approved by the FPSC. Base Rates Effective January 2026 through December 2029 In January 2026, the FPSC issued a final order approving a stipulation and settlement agreement between FPL and several intervenors in FPL's base rate proceeding (2025 rate agreement). Key elements of the 2025 rate agreement, which became effective in January 2026 and continues through at least December 2029, include, among other things, the following: New retail base rates and charges were established resulting in the following increases in annualized retail base revenues: $945 million beginning January 1, 2026; and $705 million beginning January 1, 2027. In addition, FPL will receive, subject to conditions specified in the 2025 rate agreement, base rate increases associated with solar generation projects that enter service in 2027, 2028 and 2029 and battery storage projects that enter service in 2028 and 2029 through a Solar and Battery Base Rate Adjustment (SoBRA) mechanism. FPL is required to demonstrate either a specified economic or resource/reliability need for these projects. FPL's authorized regulatory ROE is 10.95%, with a range of 9.95% to 11.95%. If FPL's earned regulatory ROE falls below 9.95%, FPL may seek retail base rate relief. If the earned regulatory ROE rises above 11.95%, any party with standing may seek a review of FPL's retail base rates. FPL's authorized regulatory capital structure reflects a 59.6% equity ratio, consistent with prior base rate cases. FPL is authorized to implement a rate stabilization mechanism (RSM) over the term of the 2025 rate agreement up to approximately $1.5 billion, after tax. The RSM reserve includes certain deferred tax liabilities, the remaining balance from FPL s existing reserve amortization mechanism as of January 1, 2026 and investment tax credit amortization for battery storage projects placed in service in 2025. Subject to certain conditions, FPL could amortize the RSM reserve over the term of the 2025 rate agreement, provided that in any 12-month period of the 2025 rate agreement FPL would be required to amortize at least enough RSM reserve amount to maintain its minimum authorized regulatory ROE and also could not amortize any RSM reserve amount that would result in an earned regulatory ROE in excess of its maximum authorized regulatory ROE. Future storm restoration costs are recoverable on an interim basis beginning 60 days from the filing of a cost recovery petition, but capped at an amount that produces a surcharge of no more than $5 for every 1,000 kWh of usage on residential bills during the first 12 months of cost recovery. Any additional costs would be eligible for recovery in subsequent years. If storm restoration costs, inclusive of the costs to replenish the storm reserve, exceed the cap, FPL could request an increase to the $5 surcharge. See Note 1 Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery. If federal or state permanent corporate income tax changes become effective during the term of the 2025 rate agreement, FPL will be able to prospectively adjust base rates after a review by the FPSC. FPL will implement tariffs for large-load customers with new or incremental load of 50 MW or greater and with a load factor of at least 85%. In February 2026, the Office of Public Counsel, Floridians Against Increased Rates, Inc. and, as a group, Florida Rising, Inc., Environmental Confederation of Southwest Florida, Inc. and League of United Latin American Citizens of Florida filed a joint motion for reconsideration and a joint request for oral argument challenging the FPSC's final order approving the 2025 rate agreement. FPL has opposed the motion and the request for oral argument. 9 Table of Content s Base Rates Effective January 2022 through December 2025 In December 2021, the FPSC issued a final order approving a stipulation and settlement between FPL and several intervenors in FPL's base rate proceeding (2021 rate agreement). In March 2024, the FPSC issued a supplemental final order which affirmed its prior approval of the 2021 rate agreement. Key elements of the 2021 rate agreement, which became effective in January 2022, include, among other things, the following: New retail base rates and charges which resulted in the following increases in annualized retail base revenues: $692 million beginning January 1, 2022; and $560 million beginning January 1, 2023. Additional base rate increases in 2024 and 2025 associated with the addition of 894 MW of new solar generation through the Solar Base Rate Adjustment mechanism in each year. Authorized regulatory ROE of 10.60%, with a range of 9.70% to 11.70%, which was increased in 2022 to be 10.80%, with a range of 9.80% to 11.80%, based on a provision associated with an increase in the U.S. Treasury rate. Subject to certain conditions, the right to amortize up to $1.45 billion (depreciation reserve), provided that in any 12-month period of the 2021 rate agreement, FPL was required to amortize at least enough of the depreciation reserve amount to maintain its minimum authorized annual regulatory ROE and also could not amortize any depreciation reserve amount that would result in an earned regulatory ROE in excess of its maximum authorized regulatory ROE. Expansion of SolarTogether (a voluntary community solar program that gives FPL electric customers an opportunity to participate directly in the expansion of solar energy where participants pay a fixed monthly subscription charge and receive credits on their related monthly customer bill) by constructing an additional 1,788 MW of solar generation from 2022 through 2025, such that the total capacity of SolarTogether is 3,278 MW. An interim storm cost recovery mechanism for storm restoration costs. See Note 1 Storm Funds, Storm Reserves and Storm Cost Recovery. Cost Recovery Clauses . Cost recovery clauses are designed to permit full recovery of certain costs and provide a return on certain assets allowed to be recovered through these clauses. Cost recovery clause costs are recovered through levelized monthly charges per kWh or kW, depending on the customer's rate class. These cost recovery clause charges are calculated annually based on estimated costs and estimated customer usage for the following year, plus or minus true-up adjustments to reflect the estimated over- or under-recovery of costs for the current and prior periods. An adjustment to the levelized charges may be approved during the course of a year to reflect revised estimates. FPL recovers costs from customers through the following clauses: Fuel primarily fuel costs, the most significant of the cost recovery clauses in terms of operating revenues (see Note 1 Rate Regulation); Storm Protection Plan costs associated with an FPSC-approved transmission and distribution storm protection plan, substantially all of which are costs for hardening overhead transmission and distribution lines, undergrounding of certain distribution lines and vegetation management; Capacity primarily certain costs associated with the acquisition and retirement of an electric generation facility (see Note 1 Rate Regulation) and capacity payments related to PPAs; Energy Conservatio n costs associated with implementing energy conservation programs; and Environmental certain costs of complying with federal, state and local environmental regulations enacted after April 1993 and costs associated with certain of FPL's solar facilities placed in service prior to 2016. The FPSC has the authority to disallow recovery of costs that it considers excessive or imprudently incurred. These costs may include, among others, fuel and O M expenses, the cost of replacing power lost when generation units are unavailable, storm restoration costs and costs associated with the construction or acquisition of new facilities. FERC The Federal Power Act grants the FERC exclusive ratemaking jurisdiction over wholesale sales of electricity and the transmission of electricity and natural gas in interstate commerce. Pursuant to the Federal Power Act, electric utilities must file for FERC acceptance and maintain tariffs and rate schedules which govern the rates, terms and conditions for the provision of FERC-jurisdictional wholesale power and transmission services. Wholesale power sales tariffs on file at FERC may authorize sales at cost-based rates or, where the seller lacks market power, at market-based rates. The Federal Power Act also gives the FERC authority to certify and oversee an electric reliability organization with authority to establish and independently enforce mandatory reliability standards applicable to all users, owners and operators of the bulk-power system. See NERC below. Electric utilities are subject to accounting, record-keeping and reporting requirements administered by the FERC. The FERC also places certain limitations on transactions between electric utilities and their affiliates. NERC The NERC has been certified by the FERC as an electric reliability organization. The NERC's mandate is to ensure the reliability and security of the North American bulk-power system through the establishment and enforcement of reliability standards approved by FERC. The NERC's regional entities also enforce reliability standards approved by the FERC. FPL is subject to these reliability standards and incurs costs to ensure compliance with continually heightened requirements, and can incur significant penalties for failing to comply with them. 10 Table of Content s FPL Environmental Regulation FPL is subject to environmental laws and regulations as described in the NEE Environmental Matters section below. FPL expects to seek recovery through the environmental clause for compliance costs associated with any new environmental laws and regulations. FPL HUMAN CAPITAL FPL had approximately 9,400 employees as of December 31, 2025, with approximately 30% of these employees represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW). The collective bargaining agreements have approximate ly three -year terms and expire between April 2027 and January 2028. NEER NEER, one of the largest energy infrastructure developers in the U.S., is comprised of NEE's competitive energy and regulated transmission businesses. NEER is a diversified energy business with a strategy that emphasizes the development, construction and operation of long-term contracted generation facilities and builds and owns regulated electric and gas transmission assets. NEER also provides gas and power solutions through its customer supply business. NEER's strategy focuses on providing cost-effective differentiated solutions to its customers, including emerging large-load opportunities, and on lowering costs and driving growth, including through the use of advanced technologies, such as artificial intelligence and proprietary tools. NEE reports NextEra Energy Resources and NEET, a rate-regulated electric transmission business, on a combined basis for segment reporting purposes, and the combined segment is referred to as NEER. The NEER segment owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates generation facilities, including renewables, nuclear and natural gas, as well as battery storage facilities in wholesale energy markets in the U.S. a nd Canada. NEER, with appr oximately 37,505 MW of total net generating capacity as of December 31, 202