=== ELV_2026-02-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our results of operations are also impacted by membership levels and mix of membership, which has changed, and will continue to change, as a result of the pricing of our health benefits products and services, Medicaid redeterminations, an aging population, healthcare utilization patterns, previously uninsured members entering the healthcare system, provider and member fraud, economic conditions, changes in unemployment, the continued and future impact of large-scale emergencies, acquisitions, entry into new markets and expansions in or exits from existing markets. These membership trends could be negatively impacted by various factors that could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations such as general economic downturns that result in business failures, failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers, premium increases, benefit changes, changes in how our members access healthcare services or our exit from a specific market. See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We continue to enhance interactions with our customers, care providers, brokers, agents, employees and other stakeholders through technological solutions and operational improvements, including advanced tools that support distribution, service, clinical coordination and administrative efficiency. Through our participation in various federal government programs, we generated approximately 32%, 31% and 29% of our total consolidated revenues from agencies of the U.S. government for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The majority of these revenues are included in our Health Benefits segment as described below. An immaterial amount of our total consolidated revenues is derived from activities outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico. -5- Reportable Segments We report our results of operations in the following four reportable segments: Health Benefits, CarelonRx, Carelon Services and Corporate Other (which includes our businesses that do not individually meet the quantitative thresholds for an operating segment, along with certain enterprise-level corporate expenses not allocated to our other reportable segments). Our Health Benefits segment offers a comprehensive suite of health plans and services to our Individual, Employer Group risk-based, Employer Group fee-based, BlueCard , Medicare, Medicaid and FEP members. The Health Benefits segment offers health products on a full-risk basis; provides a broad array of administrative managed care services to our fee-based customers; and provides a variety of specialty and other insurance products and services such as stop loss, dental, vision and supplemental health insurance benefits. Key drivers impacting the results of operations for our Health Benefits segment include membership levels and the health status of our members, premium pricing, medical cost trend, network performance, risk adjustment accuracy, quality ratings, and operating efficiency. This segment benefits from working with our Carelon businesses, which support medical and pharmacy cost management, care coordination, behavioral health, and analytics. Our CarelonRx segment includes our pharmacy services business. CarelonRx markets and offers pharmacy services to our affiliated health plan customers, as well as to external customers outside of the health plans we own. CarelonRx offers a comprehensive portfolio of pharmacy services, which includes all core pharmacy services, such as home delivery and specialty pharmacies, claims adjudication, formulary management, pharmacy networks, rebate administration, a prescription drug database and member services. In addition, CarelonRx includes ambulatory infusion centers, added to our portfolio in March 2024 through our acquisition of Paragon Healthcare, Inc. and its subsidiaries. CarelonRx contributes to affordability and outcomes for our members by integrating pharmacy, specialty drug management, and clinical programs with our broader whole-health model. Key drivers impacting the results of operations for this segment include specialty drug trends, script volume, clinical program adoption, network optimization, rebate and pricing strategies, and operational performance. Our Carelon Services segment integrates physical, behavioral, pharmacy, and social-care capabilities to support whole-health services and enhance affordability for both internal and external customers through our Carelon Health and Carelon Insights businesses. Our Carelon businesses promote affordability by managing complex areas of the healthcare system, leveraging data and insights to improve how our members receive safe, appropriate, high-quality care and the accurate and timely reimbursement of our providers. Our approach to cost management relies on capabilities including provider enablement, value-based networks, member engagement, and utilization management. Our care delivery services primarily target serving chronic and complex populations by providing personalized care in the home and virtually. As a part of Carelon Health, we completed our acquisition of RSV QOZB LTSS, Inc. and certain affiliated entities (d/b/a CareBridge) at the end of 2024, which provides virtual care to complex Medicaid and Medicare patients and supports plans in managing home and community-based services. Key drivers impacting the results of this segment include growth in care management and behavioral health capabilities, expansion of value-based networks, care provider enablement, digital and virtual care models, and scalability of analytics-driven services. Our Corporate Other segment includes our businesses that do not individually meet the quantitative threshold for an operating segment, as well as corporate expenses not allocated to our other reportable segments. This segment also includes investments supporting long-term enterprise initiatives, digital and technology development, and portfolio optimization activities. For additional information, see Note 20, Segment Information, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Membership Our medical membership includes the following customer types: Individual, Employer Group risk-based, Employer Group fee-based, BlueCard , Medicare, Medicaid and FEP . In addition, we serve customers who purchase one or more of our other products or services, such as behavioral health, pharmacy benefit management and care solutions, often delivered through our Carelon portfolio, which complement our core health business. Our products are generally developed and marketed with an emphasis on the differing needs of our customers. In particular, our product development and marketing efforts take into account the differing characteristics between the various -6- customers served by us, as well as the unique needs of educational and public entities, labor groups, FEP , national employers and state-run programs servicing low-income, high-risk and underserved markets. We align product design, pricing, care management programs, and network strategies to reflect the needs, risk profiles, and purchasing dynamics of our customer categories. Our goal is to maintain market-competitive value while achieving appropriate profitability across segments. We market our Individual, Medicare and certain Employer Group products with a smaller employee base through direct marketing activities and an extensive network of independent agents, brokers and retail partnerships. Products for commercial customers with a larger employee base are generally sold through independent brokers or consultants retained by the customer who work with industry specialists from our in-house sales force. We also continue to expand our digital platforms, which enhance consumer engagement and supplement broker-facing distribution capabilities. In the Individual markets, we offer on-exchange products through state- or federally-facilitated marketplaces (the Public Exchange ) in compliance with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, as amended (collectively, the ACA ) and off-exchange products. Federal subsidies are available for certain members, subject to eligibility, who purchase Public Exchange products. We continue to participate in the Public Exchange in nearly all of our Anthem Blue Cross and Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield service areas. In 2025, we expanded our operations into select service areas in Florida, Maryland, and Texas through our Simply Healthcare and Wellpoint brands. Going forward, we expect the Public Exchange to be influenced by policy and regulatory changes, particularly around federal subsidies, compliance requirements and market stability. See Regulation below in this Business section for additional discussion about the Public Exchange marketplace. Being a licensee of the BCBS association of companies, of which there were 33 independent primary licensees including us as of December 31, 2025, provides significant market value, especially when competing for very large multi-state employer groups. For example, each BCBS member company is able to utilize other BCBS licensees substantial provider networks and discounts when any BCBS member works or travels outside of the state in which their policy is written. This program is referred to as BlueCard . BlueCard host members are generally members who reside in or travel to a state in which an Elevance Health subsidiary is the Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield licensee and who are covered under an employer-sponsored health plan serviced by a non-Elevance Health controlled BCBS licensee, which is the home plan. We perform certain administrative functions for BlueCard host members, including claims pricing and administration, for which we receive service fees from the BlueCard members home plan. Other administrative functions, including maintenance of enrollment information and customer services, are performed by the home plan. See BCBSA Licenses below in this Business section for additional information on our BCBSA licenses. We refer to members in our service areas licensed by the BCBSA as our BCBS-branded, or Anthem BCBS, business. Non-BCBS-branded business refers to members in our non-BCBS-branded plans, which include Wellpoint, MMM and Simply Healthcare plans. For additional information describing each of our customer types and changes in medical membership over the last three years, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Membership and other Metrics included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Product and Service Descriptions Various forms of managed care products have been developed to contain the cost of healthcare by negotiating contracts with hospitals, physicians and other providers to deliver high-quality healthcare to members at favorable rates. These products usually feature medical management and other quality and cost optimization measures such as pre-admission review and approval for certain non-emergency services, pre-authorization of select outpatient surgical procedures, network credentialing to confirm that contracted in-network physicians and hospitals have the required certifications and expertise, and various types of care management programs that engage members to support navigation, appropriate care transitions and complex condition management. In addition, providers may have incentives to achieve certain quality measures, may share medical cost risk or may have other incentives to deliver quality medical services in a cost-effective manner. Certain plans also offer members incentives for healthy behaviors, such as smoking cessation and weight management. Members are charged periodic, prepaid premiums and generally pay copayments, coinsurance and/or deductibles when they receive services. -7- Health Benefits Commercial Risk-Based Products. We offer employer groups a diversified mix of managed care risk-based products including Preferred Provider Organization ( PPO ), Health Maintenance Organization ( HMO ), Consumer-Driven Health Plans ( CDHP ), Traditional Indemnity and Point-of-Service ( POS ) plans. PPO plans generally provide members the freedom to choose any healthcare provider, but require the member to pay a greater portion of the provider s fee in the event the member chooses not to use a provider participating in the PPO s network. HMOs include comprehensive managed care benefits generally through a participating network of physicians, hospitals and other providers. CDHPs generally combine a high-deductible PPO plan with an employer-funded and/or employee-funded personal care account, which can offer tax benefits to the employee and allow some or all of the dollars remaining in the personal care account at year-end to be rolled over for future healthcare needs. Traditional indemnity plans offer the member an option to select any healthcare provider for covered services, with coverage subject to deductibles, coinsurance, and out-of-pocket maximums. POS products blend the characteristics of HMO, PPO and indemnity plans. In general, POS plans allow members to choose to seek care from a provider within the plan s network or outside the network, subject to, among other things, certain deductibles and coinsurance. These offerings allow employers flexibility in selecting network breadth, funding arrangements, and cost-sharing levels aligned with workforce needs and affordability objectives. We also offer Individual risk-based products on and off the Public Exchange, covering essential health benefits (as defined in the ACA) along with many other requirements and cost-sharing features. Commercial Fee-Based Products. We provide a broad array of managed care services to fee-based groups, including claims processing, provider network access, medical management, care management and wellness programs, actuarial services and other administrative services. Fee-based health plans are also able to use our provider networks and to benefit from savings through our negotiated provider arrangements, while allowing employers the ability to design certain health benefit plans to meet their own workforce and cost-management objectives. We also charge a premium to underwrite stop loss insurance for employers that maintain fee-based plans but want to limit their retained risk. In addition, we perform certain administrative functions for BlueCard host members, discussed under Membership above, including claims pricing and administration, for which we receive service fees from the BlueCard members home plans. Other administrative functions, including maintenance of enrollment information and customer service, are performed by the home plan. Specialty Products. We offer an array of products and services to both risk-based and fee-based customers in conjunction with our health plans as well as to unaffiliated healthcare plans that are not Elevance Health subsidiaries. Stop Loss Insurance. Our stop loss insurance arrangements are built around our clients needs while assuming 100% of the risk. We offer specific and aggregate plans that will provide options to meet our clients coverage terms, budget and risk tolerance; active claims management to help avoid errors and missing claims; as well as cost containment to assist our clients with claims and cost control. Dental. Our dental plans include networks in certain states in which we operate and are offered on both a risk-based and fee-based basis. Our members also have access to additional dental providers through our participation in the National Dental GRID, a national dental network developed by and for BCBS plans that offers in-network discounts across the country. Vision. Our vision plans include networks within the states in which we operate and are offered on both a risk-based and fee-based basis. These plans provide routine eye exams, corrective eyewear coverage, and access to national retail optical chains. Supplemental Health. We offer supplemental health products, including accident, critical illness and hospital indemnity, which provide coverage for specific conditions or circumstances. These offerings help members address unexpected healthcare expenses and complement traditional medical coverage. Medicare Plans. We offer a wide variety of plans, products and options to individuals age 65 and older such as Medicare Advantage, including Special Needs Plans ( SNPs ), dual-eligible programs through Medicare-Medicaid Plans ( MMPs ), Medicare Supplement plans and Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plans ( Medicare Part D ). -8- Medicare Advantage plans provide Medicare beneficiaries with a managed care alternative to traditional Medicare and often include a Medicare Part D benefit. In addition, our Medicare Advantage SNPs provide tailored benefits to special needs individuals who are institutionalized or have severe or disabling chronic conditions and to dual-eligible customers, who are low-income seniors and persons under age 65 with disabilities. These plans emphasize coordinated care, care management, and customized benefits aligned to members clinical and social needs. Medicare Advantage membership also includes Medicare Advantage members in our Group Retiree Solutions business who are retired members of commercial accounts or groups who are not affiliated with our commercial accounts that have selected a Medicare Advantage product through us. MMPs are focused on serving members who are dually eligible for Medicaid and Medicare. Medicare Supplement plans typically pay the difference between healthcare costs incurred by a beneficiary and amounts paid by the traditional Medicare Fee-For-Service program. Medicare Part D offers a prescription drug plan to Medicare and MMP beneficiaries. In 2026, we will no longer offer Medicare Part D plans. Medicaid Plans and Other State-Sponsored Programs. Our Medicaid business includes our managed care alternatives through public-funded healthcare programs, including Medicaid; Medicaid expansion programs; Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ); programs for seniors and people with disabilities ( SPD ); Children s Health Insurance Programs ( CHIP ); and specialty programs such as those focused on long-term services and support ( LTSS ), HIV/AIDS, children living in foster care, behavioral health and/or substance abuse disorders, and intellectual disabilities and/or developmental disabilities. The Medicaid program makes federal matching funds available to all states for the delivery of healthcare benefits for low income and/or high medical risk individuals. These programs are managed by the individual states based on broad federal guidelines. Our Medicaid plans also cover certain dual-eligible customers, as previously described above, who also receive Medicare benefits. In 2025, we provided Medicaid and other state sponsored services, such as administrative services, in Arkansas, California, Colorado, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Missouri, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Puerto Rico, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia and Wisconsin. Federal Employee Program . FEP members consist of United States government employees and their dependents within our geographic markets. Medicare Administrative Operations. We serve as a fiscal intermediary, carrier and Medicare administrative contractor for the federal government by providing administrative services for the Medicare program, Parts A and B, which generally provides coverage for persons who are 65 or older and for persons who are under 65 and disabled or with end-stage renal disease. Part A of the Medicare program provides coverage for services provided by hospitals, skilled nursing facilities and other healthcare facilities. Part B of the Medicare program provides coverage for services provided by physicians, physical and occupational therapists and other professional providers, as well as certain durable medical equipment and medical supplies. Carelon Carelon integrates physical, behavioral, social and pharmacy services to deliver whole health affordably by creating value through the offering of market-competitive services powered by analytics. CarelonRx Our subsidiary CarelonRx markets and offers pharmacy services to our affiliated health plan customers throughout the country, as well as to customers outside of the health plans we own. Our comprehensive pharmacy services portfolio includes all core pharmacy services, such as home delivery and specialty pharmacies, claims adjudication, formulary management, pharmacy networks, rebate administration, a prescription drug database and member services, as well as infusion services and injectable therapies through owned ambulatory infusion centers. CarelonRx delegates certain core pharmacy services to CaremarkPCS Health, L.L.C., which is a subsidiary of CVS Health Corporation ( CVS ), pursuant to an agreement (the CVS Agreement ) with the current contractual term extending through December 31, 2027. We can elect to have CVS continue to provide services to us for a three-year extension period on the same terms and conditions as in the current CVS Agreement in the event of a termination or non-renewal by either party. -9- Carelon Services Carelon Services integrates physical, behavioral, pharmacy, and social services with the aim of delivering whole health affordably by offering a broad array of healthcare related services and capabilities to internal and external customers through our Carelon Health and Carelon Insights businesses. Our Carelon businesses promote affordability by managing complex areas of the healthcare system, leveraging data and insights to improve how our members receive safe, appropriate, high-quality care and the accurate and timely reimbursement of our providers. Our approach to cost management relies on capabilities including provider enablement, value-based networks, member engagement, and utilization management. Our care delivery services primarily target serving the chronic and complex populations by providing personalized care in the home and virtually. Carelon Health: Carelon Health , powered by clinical excellence, curates value-based whole health solutions for populations, one person at a time. Carelon Medical Benefits Management provides specialty care enablement and utilization management support for specialized clinical domains. Carelon Post Acute Solutions, which includes Carebridge, manages home health, post-acute institutional management, durable medical equipment costs, provides virtual care to complex Medicaid and Medicare patients and supports plans in managing home and community-based services. Carelon Behavioral Health provides comprehensive behavioral health management services through clinical services and network administration. Carelon Care Navigation provides comprehensive care management services. Our Carelon Advanced Primary Care business includes palliative care services and management of our partnership with Augusta Topco Holdings L.P. ( Mosaic Health ), a joint venture with Clayton, Dubilier Rice ( CD R ). Carelon Insights: Carelon Insights aims to improve the health of the healthcare system by simplifying workflows and providing real-time insights. Carelon Insights' capabilities include payment integrity, subrogation, clinical data exchange through our HealthOS platform, research and data services, reporting and clinical analytics, and information technology services and global business process support. The HealthOS platform is dedicated to facilitating seamless clinical data exchange by establishing connectivity between healthcare providers, Electronic Medical Records ( EMRs ), and our health plans. Competition The managed care industry is highly competitive, both nationally and in our local markets. Competition continues to be intense due to aggressive marketing, pricing, bid activity for government-sponsored programs, business consolidations, new strategic alliances, new competitors in the market, a proliferation of new products, technological advancements, the impact of legislative reform, increased quality awareness and price sensitivity among customers and changing market practices, such as evolving care delivery models, including expanded telehealth and digital-first services. We believe that participants in the managed care industry compete for customers based on quality of service, price, access to care provider networks, access to care management and wellness programs (including health information), innovation, effective use of digital technology, breadth and flexibility of products and benefits, expertise and reputation (including National Committee for Quality Assurance ( NCQA ) accreditation status as well as CMS Star Ratings), brand recognition and financial stability. Our ability to attract and retain customers is substantially tied to our ability to distinguish ourselves from our competitors in these areas. We believe our exclusive right to market products under the most recognized brand in the industry, BCBS, in our most significant markets provides us with greater brand recognition over competitive product offerings. Typically, we are the largest participant in each of our BCBS branded markets, and thus are closely watched by other health benefits companies.The strength of the BCBS brand, combined with our scale, network assets, and local-market expertise, supports competitive positioning across customer segments, including national accounts. Product pricing remains competitive, and we strive to price our health benefit products and design our Medicare and Medicaid bids consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. We believe our pricing and bid strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research and data-driven processes, has positioned us to pursue growth opportunities available through entry into new markets, expansions in existing markets and in response to future changes to the current regulatory scheme. We believe that our pricing and bid strategy, brand name and network quality will provide a strong foundation for membership growth opportunities in the future. -10- Our provider networks give us a highly competitive unit cost position and provide distinctive service levels which allow us to offer a broad range of affordable health benefit products to our customers. To build our provider networks, we compete with other health benefits plans for the best contracts with hospitals, physicians and other providers. We believe that physicians and other providers primarily consider customer volume, reimbursement rates, timeliness of reimbursement and administrative service capabilities along with the reduction of non-value-added administrative tasks when deciding whether to contract with a health benefits plan. At the sales and distribution level, we compete for qualified agents and brokers to recommend and distribute our products. Strong competition exists among insurance companies and health benefits plans for agents and brokers with demonstrated ability to secure new business and maintain existing accounts. We believe that the quality and price of our products, support services, reputation and prior relationships, along with a reasonable commission structure, are the factors agents and brokers consider in choosing whether to market our products. We believe that we have good relationships with our agents and brokers, and that our products, support services and commission structure compare favorably to those of our competitors in all of our markets. In addition, the pharmacy industry is highly competitive, and CarelonRx is subject to competition from national, regional and local pharmacy service providers, insurers, health plans, large retail pharmacy chains, large retail stores, supermarkets, mail order pharmacies, web pharmacies and specialty pharmacies. Strong competition within the pharmacy industry has generated greater demand for lower product and service pricing, increased revenue sharing and enhanced product and service offerings. Pricing and Underwriting of Our Products We price our products based on our assessment of current healthcare claim costs and emerging healthcare cost trends, combined with charges for administrative expenses, risk and profit. We continually review our product designs and pricing guidelines on a national and regional basis so that our products remain competitive and consistent with our strategies and profitability goals. Our revenue on Medicare policies is based on annual bids submitted to CMS. We base the commercial and Medicaid premiums we charge and our Medicare bids on our estimates of future medical costs over the fixed contract period. In applying our pricing to each employer group and customer, we aim to maintain consistent, competitive and disciplined underwriting standards. We employ our proprietary accumulated actuarial and financial data to determine underwriting and pricing parameters for both our risk-based and fee-based businesses. In most circumstances, our pricing and underwriting decisions follow a prospective rating process in which a fixed premium is determined at the beginning of the contract period. For our risk-based business, any deviation, favorable or unfavorable, from the medical costs assumed in determining the premium is our responsibility. Some of our larger groups employ retrospective rating reviews, where positive experience is partially refunded to the group, and negative experience is charged against a rate stabilization fund established from the group s favorable experience or charged against future favorable experience. In addition, our ACA and government risk-based contracts may include minimum medical loss ratio, risk adjustment, or risk corridor arrangements, which also stabilize premiums based upon claims experience. Our pharmacy services pricing through CarelonRx is presented to market via discounts off the average wholesale price for drugs dispensed through the retail, mail and specialty channels as well as through rebate projections. We utilize group-specific script data, formulary, network and clinical care program selection combined with administrative expense, risk and profit guidance to set market competitive pricing discounts and rebate projections. Pharmacy services pricing guidelines guide the underwriting process and undergo an annual external review process to ensure market competitiveness. Networks and Provider Relations Our relationships with physicians, hospitals and professionals that render healthcare services to our members are guided by local, regional and national standards for network development, reimbursement and contract methodologies. While following industry standards, we are simultaneously seeking to lead transformation efforts within our healthcare system, moving from a fragmented model premised on episodic intervention to one based on proactive, coordinated care built around the whole health needs of the patient. -11- Our network contracting strategy is focused on ensuring competitive market-based hospital reimbursement terms and timely, appropriate payment for physicians and other clinicians. Across our markets, we deploy multi-year contracting strategies, including fixed rates and standard fee schedules, to enhance cost predictability, mitigate exposure to medical cost inflation, and establish long-term stability with providers. We maintain both broad and narrow provider networks to ensure member choice, based on both price and access needs, while implementing programs designed to improve the quality of care our members receive. Increasingly, we are supplementing our broad-based networks with smaller or more cost-conscious networks that are designed to be attractive to a more price-sensitive customer segment, such as Public Exchange customers. Our reimbursement strategies are tailored to each market and reflect the degree of consolidation and integration of physician groups and hospitals. Under a fee-for-service reimbursement methodology for physicians, fee schedules are developed at the state level based on an assessment of several factors and conditions, including the CMS resource-based relative value scale system ( RBRVS ), medical practice cost inflation and physician supply of each specialty. We utilize CMS RBRVS fee schedules as a reference point for fee schedule development and analysis. The RBRVS structure was developed, and is maintained and updated, by CMS and is used by the Medicare program and other major health plans. We also continue to expand physician incentive contracting, which ties physician payment levels to performance on efficiency, clinical and patient experience measures. While we generally do not use full-risk capitation models for physician groups, we employ capitation arrangements in selected markets where they help reduce underwriting risk and effectively manage total cost of care. Our broader provider engagement strategy increasingly centers on value-based contracting across our Commercial, Medicare, and Medicaid businesses. These arrangements reward adherence to evidence-based care guidelines and encourage providers to improve overall quality and manage total cost of care over time. Our portfolio of value-based models is designed to provide options for our providers as they move from traditional fee-for-service to value-based care. To support performance in these models, we share actionable data such as gaps-in-care information, risk insights, and utilization patterns; in some arrangements, providers also share data to strengthen program administration and risk assessment. Our hospital reimbursement approaches vary by market but commonly include per-case payments for inpatient services and fixed case rates, fee schedules, or percentage-of-charges methodologies for outpatient services. Per-case methodologies incorporate attributes similar to Medicare s Diagnosis Related Groups system. A small number of hospitals, primarily rural or sole community facilities, are reimbursed based on discounts from approved charges. Our hospital contracts also account for unique facility characteristics, such as teaching status or specialized service lines, as well as the volume of care delivered to our members. Most contracts include pay-for-performance components that link reimbursement to improvements in clinical outcomes, patient safety, and reductions in medical errors. To promote stability and predictability, we frequently utilize multi-year agreements across both physician and hospital settings. Seasonality Within our Health Benefits segment, premium revenues for our commercial business are generally not seasonal, and our benefit costs rise as members satisfy their deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums over the course of the year. Seasonality in our Medicaid business can vary depending on the timing of the recognition of premium rates during the year, and we typically experience additional costs in our Medicare business in the fourth quarter to support the annual enrollment period. Our Carelon Services segment engages in risk-based contracts with members across many health plans including Elevance Health plans. These risk-based contracts allow our Health Benefits segment to reduce medical expense variability by replacing seasonal claims costs with agreed-upon pricing. Seasonality in our Carelon Services segment aligns with the claims and revenue seasonality for services covered, which can vary by Carelon product and line of business. As the year progresses, members will generally reach their deductible and out-of-pocket maximum limit, and benefit expense in our Carelon Services businesses will typically increase. Medical Management Programs We have a broad array of medical management activities that facilitate improvements in the quality of care provided to our members and promote cost-effective medical care. These medical management activities and programs are administered and directed by physicians and nurses with the goal of ensuring that the care delivered to our members is supported by appropriate medical and scientific evidence, is received on a timely basis and occurs in the most appropriate setting. The medical management programs available to our members may vary depending on the particular plan or product in which they -12- participate. Our objective is to ensure that members receive the right care, safely, at the right time, and in the most appropriate setting. Our medical policy committee establishes national clinical policies and guidelines, which are reviewed at least annually or updated sooner when new clinical evidence becomes available. We collaborate closely with our contracted physicians and hospitals to support improved clinical outcomes and employ external review where appropriate to ensure that medical determinations reflect the latest evidence-based standards. Through our Carelon Medical Benefits Management, Inc. subsidiary, we promote appropriate, safe and affordable member care in areas including maternity care, imaging, sleep disorders, cardiac testing, oncology drugs and musculoskeletal procedures. These expanded specialty benefit management solutions leverage clinical expertise and technology to engage provider communities and members in the more effective and efficient use of outpatient services and to promote the most appropriate use of clinical services to improve the quality of care. We remain committed to assisting our members in making informed and value-based healthcare decisions, providing for easier navigation of healthcare services and delivering a better healthcare experience. Care Management and Wellness Products and Programs We continue to expand our suite of integrated care management programs and tools. Availability of these programs and tools to our members may depend on the particular plan or product in which they participate. Our care management tools and programs are designed to increase quality and reduce medical costs for our members and help them make better decisions about their well-being as they navigate the healthcare system. Our digital engagement platform, Sydney Health, is designed to give our members access to personalized health and wellness resources, medical, pharmacy, dental and vision benefits details, and virtual care services, all in one place. With our integrated information systems and sophisticated data analytics, we help our members improve their compliance with evidence-based care guidelines, provide personal care notes that alert members to potential gaps in care, enable more prudent healthcare choices and assist in the realization of member out-of-pocket cost savings. Our care management, infertility services and maternity management programs serve as adjuncts to physician care. Through these programs, medical professionals help to educate participants regarding their care and condition. Our 24/7 NurseLine offers access to qualified, registered nurses to allow our members to make informed decisions about the appropriate level of care and avoid unnecessary worry. Our Carelon Palliative Care Services subsidiary engages with members near end of life and/or requiring palliative care to manage serious illnesses and improve quality of life during a difficult time. Our employee assistance programs provide 24/7 telephonic support for personal and crisis events and provide resources such as counseling and referral assistance with childcare, health and wellness, financial issues, legal issues, adoption and daily living. We have a comprehensive behavioral health case management program supporting a wide range of members who are impacted by their behavioral health conditions, including specialty areas such as eating disorders, anxiety, depression and substance abuse. The program assists members and their families with obtaining appropriate behavioral health treatment, offering community resources, providing education and telephonic support, and promoting provider collaboration. The physical aspects of health have been traditionally the focus and the priority for healthcare. However, unique life circumstances and experiences impact every individual and their health. We seek to understand our members' health-related social needs to create a healthcare system that synchronizes care delivery for physical, behavioral, social and pharmacy needs. We have invested in a number of strategies to improve how we address our members' health-related social needs. We are advancing our efforts in this area by using industry-standard tools such as the Protocol for Responding to Assessing Patients Assets, Risks Experiences, co-creating social action plans with our members, connecting members to related social support services, and evaluating the entire process for continuous quality improvement. We have also implemented our -13- Food as Medicine strategy across many of our lines of business to create interventions that not only prevent, manage, and treat diseases but also address food and nutrition insecurity among our members. We are committed to ensuring that all people, regardless of age, race or ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, and geographic or financial access, can receive individualized care. Harnessing data gives a more complete picture of each member and their health needs and can help make healthcare more personalized. Strengthening communities has a positive effect on health; therefore, we value and nurture our local ties, which are a key component of our whole-health approach and drive us to work closely with community organizations that create support networks. Using our data, we also identify the resources needed to support local residents, including the people who we serve, to ensure those resources can better meet local needs. Care coordination is also one of the strategies we utilize and is based on nationally recognized criteria developed by third-party medical specialists to help coordinate inpatient as well as outpatient care and monitor appropriate utilization of such services. Our case management focuses on identifying membership that will require a high level of intervention and providing assistance to manage their healthcare needs. Healthcare Quality Initiatives Increasingly, the healthcare industry is able to define quality healthcare based on effective, safe, equitable and affordable care in preventive health, and optimal care management for chronic disease. A key to our success has been our ability to develop partnerships by working with our network physicians, hospitals, and social resources providers to improve the quality outcomes of the healthcare and social impact services provided to our members, their families, and the community-at-large. Our ability to promote quality medical care and patient safety, address health-related social risks and advance equal opportunity for health access has been recognized by the NCQA, the largest and most respected national accreditation program for managed care health plans. Several quality healthcare measures, including the Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set ( HEDIS ), have been incorporated into NCQA s accreditation processes. HEDIS measures range from preventive services, such as screening mammography and pediatric immunization, to elements of care, including decreasing the complications of diabetes, improving treatment for patients with heart disease, integration of behavioral health, and racial and ethnic stratification measurement to help close healthcare disparities. We perform management review for home health and post-acute institutional services provided to Medicare members through Carelon Post Acute Solutions, with the goal of ensuring they receive appropriate, high-quality care and supporting their transition back into the home. Effective management of these services can help reduce preventable hospital admissions and readmissions, thereby improving healthcare outcomes for patients. Additionally, Carelon Medical Benefits Management has developed programs to address healthcare quality by identifying and closing care gaps. A social determinants of health program screens our members for social needs and connects members to appropriate community resources to encourage better care outcomes. Our post-acute solutions and medical benefits management programs help facilitate improvements in the quality of care provided to our members and promote cost-effective, affordable medical care. BCBSA Licenses We are a party to license agreements with the BCBSA that entitle us to the exclusive, and in certain areas, non-exclusive, use of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks in assigned geographic territories. BCBSA is a national association of independent Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies, the primary function of which is to promote and preserve the integrity of the BCBS names and marks, as well as provide certain coordination among the member companies. Each BCBSA licensee is an independent legal organization and is not responsible for obligations of other BCBSA member organizations. Although previously we did not have a right to sell products and services using the BCBS names and marks outside of our exclusive service areas, under the terms of the In re Blue Cross Blue Shield Antitrust Litigation subscriber settlement agreement and release (the Subscriber Settlement Agreement ), some large national employers with self-funded plans (specifically identified in the Subscriber Settlement Agreement) have a right to request a second Blue plan bid in addition to a bid from the local Blue plan, effective as of September 2024. We are required to pay an annual license fee to the BCBSA based on enrollment and to comply with various requirements and restrictions regarding our operations and our use of the BCBS names and marks. These requirements and -14- restrictions include, among other things: minimum capital and liquidity requirements; enrollment and customer service performance requirements; participation in programs that provide portability of membership between plans; disclosures to the BCBSA relating to enrollment and financial conditions; disclosures as to the structure of the BCBS system in contracts with third parties and in public statements; plan governance requirements; cybersecurity requirements; a requirement that at least 80% (or, in the case of Blue Cross of California, substantially all) of a licensee s annual combined local net revenue, as defined by the BCBSA, attributable to healthcare plans and related services within its service areas must be sold, marketed, administered or underwritten under the BCBS names and marks; a requirement that neither a plan nor any of its licensed affiliates may permit an entity other than a plan or a licensed affiliate to obtain control of the plan or the licensed affiliate or to acquire a substantial portion of its assets related to licensable services; governance requirements such as a requirement that we divide our Board of Directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; a requirement that we guarantee certain contractual and financial obligations of our licensed affiliates; and a requirement that we indemnify the BCBSA against any claims asserted against it resulting from the contractual and financial obligations of any subsidiary that serves as a fiscal intermediary providing administrative services for Medicare Parts A and B. In addition, a change of control or violation of the BCBSA ownership limitations on our capital stock, impending financial insolvency or the appointment of a trustee or receiver or the commencement of any action against us seeking our dissolution could cause a termination of our license agreements. We believe that we and our licensed affiliates are currently in compliance with these standards. The standards under the license agreements may be modified in certain instances by the BCBSA. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details on the impact if we were not to comply with these license agreements and Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies Litigation and Regulatory Proceedings Blue Cross Blue Shield Antitrust Litigation , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the Subscriber Settlement Agreement. Regulation General Our operations are subject to comprehensive and detailed state, federal and international regulation throughout the jurisdictions in which we do business. These laws and regulations, which can vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, restrict how we conduct our businesses and result in additional burdens and costs to us. Further, federal and state laws and regulations are subject to amendments and changing interpretations in each jurisdiction. The application of these complex legal and regulatory requirements to the detailed operation of our businesses creates areas of uncertainty. In addition, there are numerous proposed healthcare laws and regulations at the federal and state levels, including single payer, Medicare for All and public option proposals, some of which could materially adversely affect our businesses if they were to be enacted. Supervisory agencies, including federal and state regulators, departments of health and insurance and secretaries of state, have broad authority to: grant, suspend and revoke licenses to transact business; regulate our products and services in great detail; regulate, limit, or suspend our ability to market products, including participation in Medicare and the Public Exchanges; determine through a procurement process our ability to participate in certain programs, including state Medicaid programs; retroactively adjust premium rates; monitor our solvency and reserve adequacy; audit, and recover audit discrepancies, including risk adjustment data validation ( RADV ) audits; scrutinize our investment activities on the basis of quality, diversification and other quantitative criteria; and impose monetary and criminal sanctions for non-compliance with regulatory requirements. -15- To carry out these tasks, these government entities periodically examine our operations and accounts. The health benefits business, pharmacy services, and related healthcare products and services businesses also may be adversely impacted by court and regulatory decisions that expand or invalidate the interpretations of existing statutes and regulations. It is uncertain whether we could recoup, through higher premiums or other measures, the increased costs of mandated benefits or other increased costs caused by potential legislation, regulation or court rulings. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023 The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023 decoupled Medicaid eligibility redetermination from the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency, initially declared in January 2020. As a result, states were permitted to begin removing ineligible beneficiaries from their Medicaid programs starting April 1, 2023, and the majority of our Medicaid markets began doing so as of June 30, 2023. CMS required states to complete Medicaid eligibility redeterminations by December 31, 2025. In addition, subsequent budget reconciliation legislation enacted during 2023-2025 included provisions affecting Medicaid eligibility enrollment and program financing, which may influence state Medicaid policies and beneficiary coverage dynamics over time. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ( IRA ) includes several provisions that have impacted, and continue to impact, our business. These provisions include extending the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021's enhanced PTCs through 2025; imposing a new corporate alternative minimum tax; establishing a one percent excise tax on repurchases of stock by issuers; authorizing CMS to negotiate prices on a limited set of Medicare prescription drugs beginning in 2026; instituting caps on insulin cost sharing in Medicare; redesigning the Medicare Part D benefit; requiring drug manufacturers to pay rebates if prices increase beyond inflation; and delaying the implementation of the Trump Administration Medicare drug rebate rule until at least 2032. From 2021 to 2025, Individual market enrollment grew significantly, driven in part by enhanced PTCs, which reduced Public Exchange coverage premiums for individuals who qualified. This, in combination with lower membership effectuation rates, particularly in geographies with high concentrations of highly subsidized members, have driven a market-wide increase in morbidity, resulting in elevated medical cost trends. The enhanced PTCs expired on December 31, 2025. As a result, the amount of Public Exchange coverage premiums may increase for those individuals previously receiving the enhanced PTCs, which may negatively impact individual market enrollment. The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 (the 2021 Appropriations Act ) has impacted our business, including by imposing additional disclosure and reporting requirements related to broker compensation, mental health parity, pharmacy benefits and drug costs, as well as procedures and coverage requirements related to surprise medical bills, provider directory maintenance and continuity of care for certain patients. The requirements applicable to us under the 2021 Appropriations Act had varying effective dates beginning in December 2021. The health plan price transparency regulations issued by the U.S. Departments of Health and Human Services ( HHS ), Labor, and Treasury (the Tri-Agencies ) pursuant to the 2021 Appropriations Act required us to begin disclosing certain pricing information regarding negotiated rates and historical payment information with providers in 2022. Additionally, as directed by law, we make available to members personalized out-of-pocket cost information and underlying negotiated rates. In September 2024, the Tri-Agencies issued final regulations related to mental health parity that will require health plans to make administrative and operational changes to comply with these final regulations. While some provisions became effective on January 1, 2025, additional guidance from the Tri-Agencies is necessary to assess the full impact of these regulations on our operations and financial results. Litigation has been filed challenging these final regulations. State Regulation of Insurance Companies and HMOs Our insurance and HMO subsidiaries must obtain a certificate of authority and maintain that license in the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners ( NAIC ) has adopted model regulations that, where adopted by states, require expanded governance practices, risk and solvency assessment reporting and -16- the filing of periodic financial and operating reports. Most states have adopted these or similar measures to expand the scope of regulations relating to corporate governance and internal control activities of HMOs and insurance companies. Health insurers and HMOs are subject to state examination and periodic license renewal. In addition, we are regulated as an insurance holding company and are subject to the insurance holding company acts of the states in which our insurance company and HMO subsidiaries are domiciled. These acts contain certain reporting requirements, as well as restrictions on transactions between an insurer or HMO and its affiliates, and may restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding companies. These holding company laws and regulations generally require registration with applicable state departments of insurance and the filing of reports describing capital structure, ownership, financial condition, certain intercompany transactions, enterprise risks, corporate governance and general business operations. State insurance holding company laws and regulations require notice or prior regulatory approval of transactions including acquisitions, material intercompany transfers of assets, guarantees and other transactions between the regulated companies and their affiliates, including parent holding companies. Applicable state insurance holding company acts also restrict the ability of any person to obtain control of an insurance company or HMO without prior regulatory approval. Control is generally defined as the direct or indirect power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person and is presumed to exist if a person directly or indirectly owns or controls 10% or more of the voting securities of another person. Dispositions of control generally are also regulated under the state insurance holding company acts. The states of domicile of our regulated subsidiaries have statutory risk-based capital ( RBC ) requirements for health and other insurance companies and HMOs based on the Risk-Based Capital (RBC) For Health Organizations Model Act. These RBC requirements are intended to assess the capital adequacy of health insurers and HMOs, taking into account the risk characteristics of a company s investments and products. In general, under these laws, an insurance company or HMO must submit a report of its RBC level to the insurance department or insurance commissioner of its state of domicile for each calendar year. The law requires increasing degrees of regulatory oversight and intervention as a company s RBC declines. As of December 31, 2025, the RBC levels of our insurance and HMO subsidiaries exceeded all applicable mandatory RBC requirements. For more information on RBC capital and additional liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the BCBSA, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Resources , included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Ongoing Requirements and Changes Stemming from the ACA Since its enactment in 2010, the ACA has introduced new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, has impacted our business model and strategy and has required changes in the way our products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. We expect the ACA will continue to significantly impact our business and results of operations, including pricing, minimum medical loss ratios ( MLRs ) and the geographies in which our products are available. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the ACA as any further developments occur. We also expect further and ongoing regulatory guidance on a number of issues related to Medicare, including evolving methodology for ratings and quality bonus payments. CMS also frequently proposes changes to its program that audits data submitted under the risk adjustment programs in ways that could increase financial recoveries from plans. Certain significant provisions of the ACA include, among others: The creation of Public Exchanges for individuals and small group customers. The establishment of minimum MLR thresholds by line of business for the commercial market (which may be subject to more restrictive MLR thresholds under state regulations, such as those in New York). Medicare Advantage or Medicare Part D prescription drug plans that do not meet the mandated threshold will have to pay a minimum MLR rebate, will be subject to restricted enrollment if MLR is below the threshold for three consecutive years and are subject to contract termination if the plan s MLR is below the threshold for five consecutive years. In addition, state Medicaid programs are required to set managed care capitation rates such that a minimum MLR is projected to be achieved; however, states are not required to collect remittances if the minimum MLR is not achieved. -17- Approximately 53.5% and 18.7% of our premium revenue and medical membership, respectively, were subject to the minimum MLR regulations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. Approximately 54.2% and 18.4% of our premium revenue and medical membership, respectively, were subject to the minimum MLR regulations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024. The creation of an incentive payment program for Medicare Advantage plans. CMS developed the Medicare Advantage Star Ratings system, which awards between 1.0 and 5.0 Stars to Medicare Advantage plans based on performance in several categories, including quality of care and customer service. The Star Ratings are used by CMS to award quality-based bonus payments to plans that receive a rating of 4.0 or higher. The methodology and measures included in the Star Ratings system can be modified by CMS annually. Our 2025 Star Ratings, which are used for payment year 2026, reflect that approximately 40% of our Medicare Advantage members are enrolled in plans rated at least 4.0 Stars or higher. CMS released our 2026 Star Ratings in October 2025, which will be used to determine our Medicare Advantage bonus payments in 2027. Our 2026 Stars Ratings reflect that approximately 59% of our Medicare Advantage members are enrolled in plans rated at least 4.0 Stars or higher, or the equivalent. The implementation of a Medicare Advantage payment formula, which prevents reimbursement rates from increasing as much as otherwise would be expected. We continue to participate in the Public Exchange in nearly all of our Anthem Blue Cross and Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield service areas. In 2025, we expanded our operations into select service areas in Florida, Maryland, and Texas through our Simply Healthcare and Wellpoint brands. Going forward, we expect the Public Exchange to be influenced by policy and regulatory changes, particularly around federal subsidies, compliance requirements and market stability. Any variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, or other assumptions utilized in setting premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows, and may require further adjustments to our rates and participation going forward. Changes to our business environment are likely to continue as elected officials at the national and state levels continue to enact significant modifications to existing laws and regulations, including changes to available subsidies, taxes and fees. Pharmacy Services and Drug Benefit Regulation Pharmacy services, including pharmacy benefit managers, are regulated at both the federal and state levels and must comply with federal and state statutes and regulations governing a pharmacy benefit manager's business, including, but not limited to, pharmacy network restrictions and configurations, formulary management, affiliate pharmacy reimbursement, anti-steering to affiliated pharmacies, prohibition on pharmacy claim processing/transaction fees, pharmacy effective rates, guarantees and reconciliations, reimbursement pricing type mandates, purchase discount and/or rebate arrangements with drug manufacturers, price transparency, restrictions on spread pricing, rebate pass-through obligations, advertising and licensing. Regulation in the states varies dramatically and ranges from licensure of pharmacy benefit managers as third-party administrators, licensure specifically as a pharmacy benefit manager, and licensure accompanied by additional disclosures and limitations of business practices to varying degrees. Pharmacy benefit managers are also subject to continued changes in public policy, legislation, laws, and regulations relating to drug benefits and pharmacy services, which include, but are not limited to, (1) federal policy changes to set the prices for a subset of drugs covered under the Medicare program, (2) reforms to the Medicare drug benefit, such as beneficiary cost-sharing changes that aim to lower consumer costs and prohibit pharmacy benefit managers and their affiliates from deriving income based on the price of the drug, (3) prior authorizations of drugs, (4) prohibiting exclusive specialty and mail pharmacy networks, (5) limiting pharmacy accreditation and credentialing requirements, (6) consumer choice/any willing provider requirements, and (7) prohibiting steering to affiliated pharmacies. These changes in public policy, legislation, laws, and regulations have the potential to have broad impacts on our pharmacy benefit management services and could materially adversely affect our business. Our pharmacy services business includes home delivery and specialty pharmacies, infusion services, injectable therapies and clinic-based pharmacies, which must be licensed as pharmacies in the states in which they are located. Certain pharmacies must also register with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) and individual state-controlled substance authorities to dispense controlled substances. In addition to adhering to the laws and regulations in the states where our pharmacies are located, we may also be required to comply with certain laws and regulations in certain states into which -18- one of our pharmacies delivers prescription drugs, including those requiring us to register with Boards of Pharmacy as a non-resident pharmacy. These non-resident states generally expect our pharmacies to follow the laws of the state in which the pharmacies are located, but some non-resident states also require us to comply with certain of their pharmacy regulations. Additionally, pharmacies that participate in Medicare or Medicaid pharmacy networks are required to comply with applicable Medicare and Medicaid provider rules and regulations. Privacy, Confidentiality and Data Standards Regulation The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) and the administrative simplification provisions of HIPAA impose a number of requirements on covered entities (including insurers, HMOs, group health plans, providers and clearinghouses) and their business associates relating to the use, disclosure and safeguarding of protected health information. These requirements include uniform standards of common electronic healthcare transactions; privacy and security regulations; and unique identifier rules for employers, health plans and providers. Also, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health ( HITECH ) Act provisions of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and corresponding implementing regulations have imposed additional requirements on the use and disclosure of protected health information such as additional data breach notification and reporting requirements, contracting requirements for HIPAA business associate agreements, strengthened enforcement mechanisms and increased penalties for HIPAA violations. Federal consumer protection laws may also apply in some instances to privacy and security practices related to personally identifiable information. The federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act generally places restrictions on the disclosure of non-public information to non-affiliated third parties, and requires financial institutions, including insurers, to provide customers with notice regarding how their non-public personal information is used, including an opportunity to opt out of certain disclosures. State departments of insurance and certain federal agencies adopted implementing regulations as required by federal law. The Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 encourages organizations to share cyber threat indicators with the federal government and, among other things, directed HHS to develop a set of voluntary cybersecurity best practices for organizations in the healthcare industry, which were issued in 2018. In addition, Public Exchanges are required to adhere to privacy and security standards with respect to personally identifiable information and to impose privacy and security standards that are at least as protective as those the Public Exchange has implemented for itself on insurers offering plans through the Public Exchanges and their designated downstream entities, including pharmacy services providers and other business associates. These standards may differ from, and be more stringent than, HIPAA. Furthermore, states have begun enacting more comprehensive privacy laws and regulations addressing consumer rights to data protection or transparency that may affect our privacy and security practices, such as state laws like the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 that govern the use, disclosure and protection of member data and impose additional breach notification requirements. The NAIC has proposed revisions to the Privacy of Consumer Financial and Health Information Model Act, which, if implemented, would expand consumer privacy rights and place additional limitations on the use and disclosure of member data. State consumer protection laws may also apply to privacy and security practices related to personally identifiable information, including information related to consumers and care providers. Complying with conflicting cybersecurity regulations and varying enforcement philosophies, which may differ from state to state, requires significant resources and may materially and adversely affect our ability to standardize our products and services across state lines. Federal regulations have been finalized in the following areas that will continue to materially impact our operations: Federal regulations on data interoperability that require claims data to be made available to third parties unaffiliated with us that may not be HIPAA regulated; and Federal regulations requiring hospitals and health insurers to publish negotiated prices for services, including the health plan price transparency regulations (the Health Plan Transparency Rule ) issued in October 2020 by the HHS and U.S. Departments of Labor and Treasury (collectively, the Tri-Agencies). -19- Beginning in July 2022, the Health Plan Transparency Rule required us to disclose, on a monthly basis, detailed pricing information regarding negotiated rates for all covered items and services between the plan or issuer and in-network providers and historical payments to, and billed charges from, out-of-network providers. Additionally, beginning in 2023, we were required to make available to members personalized out-of-pocket cost information and the underlying negotiated rates for 500 covered healthcare items and services, including prescription drugs. Effective January 1, 2024, this ongoing requirement has expanded to include all items and services. In December 2025, the Tri-Agencies published a proposed rule that would revise the structure and content of the machine readable files issuers must submit under the Health Plan Transparency Rule, which could result in additional administrative burden and costs. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 The provision of services to certain employee welfare benefit plans is subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ( ERISA ), a complex set of laws and regulations subject to interpretation and enforcement by the Internal Revenue Service and the Department of Labor. ERISA regulates certain aspects of the relationships between us, the employers that maintain employee welfare benefit plans subject to ERISA and participants in such plans. Some of our administrative services and other activities may also be subject to regulation under ERISA. In addition, certain states require licensure or registration of companies providing third-party claims administration services for benefit plans. We provide a variety of products and services to employee welfare benefit plans that are covered by ERISA. Plans subject to ERISA can also be subject to state laws, and the question of whether and to what extent ERISA preempts a state law has been, and will continue to be, interpreted by many courts. Guaranty Fund Assessments Under insolvency or guaranty association laws in most states, insurance companies and HMOs can be assessed for amounts paid by guaranty funds for policyholder losses incurred when an insurance company or HMO becomes insolvent. Most state insolvency or guaranty association laws currently provide for assessments based upon the amount of premiums received on insurance underwritten within such state (with a minimum amount payable even if no premium is received). Under many of these guaranty association laws, assessments are made retrospectively. Some states permit insurers or HMOs to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets or through future policyholder surcharges. The amount and timing of any future assessments cannot be predicted with certainty; however, future assessments are likely to occur. International Regulation We have various international subsidiaries, which provide administrative and other services, that are subject to different, and sometimes more stringent, legal and regulatory requirements that vary widely by jurisdiction. In addition, our non-U.S. operations are subject to U.S. laws regulating the conduct and activities of U.S.-based businesses operating abroad, including but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and corresponding foreign laws governing anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, data protection and privacy, employment, and other regulatory oversight initiatives. Human Capital The foundation of our strategy starts with our culture, and our associates are critical to fulfilling our purpose of improving the health of humanity. As of December 31, 2025, our employee population, including all full-time, part-time and temporary workers, consisted of approximately 97,100 individuals, 71,900 in the United States and 25,200 internationally. Ninety-nine percent of our total workforce is employed full-time, at least 33 hours a week. We believe we have built a high-performance culture that enhances our ability to deliver on our commitments and long-term strategy, as well as guides us to address the challenges of today. We believe that our culture allows us to attract and retain talented and experienced individuals to support the communities we serve. Because dedication to human capital management is a core component of our corporate governance, the Compensation and Talent Committee of our Board of Directors (our Board ) regularly reviews and discusses management's approach to talent acquisition and retention, and monitors our programs and practices related to workforce inclusion. Additionally, the Governance Committee of our Board has primary responsibility for monitoring our corporate social responsibility and environmental sustainability initiatives and performance. We provide the age, gender and racial and ethnic compositions of -20- our U.S. work force in our annual Impact Report, which includes Equal Employment Opportunity Employer Information Report (EEO-1) data. Culture, Engagement and Inclusion Each year we conduct internal associate engagement surveys that provide our associates with an opportunity to share their opinions and experiences with respect to their roles, their teams and the Company, and we also offer online feedback tools. Our management team reviews, monitors and analyzes associate feedback and acts on responses to identify opportunities to adjust our policies and benefits to improve our associates experiences. In addition, in 2025, over 20% of our U.S. workforce participated in our Business Resource Groups, or BRGs, which provide associates meaningful opportunities to connect, collaborate and grow. These voluntary, associate-led communities, which are open to all of our associates, help to foster an environment of inclusivity, respect and collaboration. To further engage and reward our associates, we have an associate recognition program called IMPACT that empowers all associates to recognize their colleagues for their contributions to our Company and to celebrate both personal and professional milestones, whether recognition is for going above and beyond or simply to express thanks. We are dedicated to attracting, developing, maintaining, and supporting an inclusive workforce that fosters a sense of belonging for individuals with a wide range of backgrounds, life experiences and cultures. We believe that these varied experiences enhance our connection with our members, enabling us to serve our members and communities more effectively and driving business impact. Our initiatives in this area are led by our Chief Talent Officer, and our workforce embodies a multitude of dimensions, including skills, experiences, age, tenure, gender, race, ethnicity, physical abilities and geographic location. Fair Pay Elevance Health is committed to maintaining a fair and equitable pay workplace grounded in our pay-for-performance philosophy. We benchmark compensation by role, have eliminated inquiries into applicants prior pay, and regularly monitor the pay of our workforce for potential disparities. Each year, we conduct a comprehensive pay equity analysis to ensure associates performing similar work in similar capacities are compensated fairly and equitably. In 2025, we completed a rigorous gender and race pay equity review of our U.S. associates using an industry-leading third-party platform. After accounting for neutral, job-related factors, the analysis found that female associates earn more than 99 cents for every dollar earned by similarly situated male associates, and ethnic minority associates earn more than 99 cents for every dollar earned by similarly situated white associates. We remain committed to preventing unexplained pay gaps and will continue to monitor our practices and proactively address any disparities to ensure equitable pay for all associates. Talent Development and Retention Growing, developing and retaining our talent internally is key to our succession plans and our ability to lead at our best every day. To inspire a high-performance culture, promote talent excellence and accelerate growth and innovation, we offer individual, career and leadership development opportunities (including a focus on the responsible adoption and use of AI and other technologies), encouraging associates to continually learn, grow and expand their skill sets. We offer various instructor-led and virtual instructor-led programs and maintain a vast curriculum of relevant, on-demand learning and development resources. In 2025, we invested a significant amount in human capital development, averaging approximately 26 hours of training and development per associate. Health, Wellness and Safety We have the privilege of touching the lives of millions of people each day, starting with the health and safety of our own associates. To improve the health, wellbeing and safety of our associates, we offer a comprehensive compensation package, including competitive salaries, a 401(k) plan and medical, dental, vision and disability coverage. In addition, we offer our associates wellness and behavioral health programs and tools to help them get and stay healthy and more easily manage their work and personal lives. We have a mixed in-office, hybrid and remote workplace strategy, and we foster associate engagement through a variety of activities in our key office locations. -21- Information About Our Executive Officers The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers and Chief Accounting Officer as of February 1, 2026. Name Age Position Gail K. Boudreaux 65 President and Chief Executive Officer Mark B. Kaye 46 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ryan R. Craig 46 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Peter D. Haytaian 56 Executive Vice President and President, Carelon and CarelonRx Charles M. Kendrick, Jr. 60 Executive Vice President and President, Commercial Health Benefits Ratnakar V. Lavu 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Digital and Information Officer Felicia F. Norwood 66 Executive Vice President and President, Government Health Benefits Erin M. Wessling 48 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Ronald W. Penczek 61 Chief Accounting Officer and Controller Ms. Boudreaux has been serving as our President and Chief Executive Officer and as a Director of the Company since November 2017. Prior to joining us, she served as Chief Executive Officer of GKB Global Health, LLC (healthcare consulting firm) from 2015 to November 2017. Prior thereto, Ms. Boudreaux was Executive Vice President of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated ( UHGI ) (diversified healthcare company) from 2008 to 2015. She also served as Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthcare (managed healthcare company), a subsidiary of UHGI from 2011 to 2014 and as President of the Commercial Business of UnitedHealthcare from 2008 to 2010. Before joining United Healthcare, she worked at Health Care Service Corporation ( HCSC ) (health insurance company) as Executive Vice President of External Operations from 2005 to 2008 and President of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois from 2002 to 2005. Before joining HCSC, Ms. Boudreaux held various positions at Aetna, Inc. ( Aetna ) (managed healthcare company), including Senior Vice President, Group Insurance. Mr. Kaye has been serving as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2023, having joined us in September 2023 as our Chief Financial Officer Designate. Prior to joining us, he served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Moody s Corporation ( Moody s ) (credit rating and research company) from April 2021 to September 2023, with responsibility for all global finance activities across the company and as Senior Vice President - Chief Financial Officer from August 2018 to April 2021. Prior to Moody s, he served as Senior Vice President and Head of Financial Planning and Analysis at Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company ( MassMutual ) (financial services company) from February 2016 until July 2018, and Chief Financial Officer of MassMutual U.S. from July 2015 to February 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Kaye served as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Retirement Solutions, at Voya Financial (formerly ING U.S.) (institutional asset manager) from 2011 to 2015. Leading up to that appointment, Mr. Kaye held various senior financial and risk reporting positions at ING U.S. and ING Group. Prior to that, Mr. Kaye worked in the investment banking division of Credit Suisse First Boston. Mr. Craig has been serving as our Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since August 2025. From January 2025 until August 2025, he served as our Chief Talent Officer Interim Chief Human Resources Officer, and as our Chief Talent Diversity Officer from October 2024 until January 2025. Prior to that, he served as our Chief Talent Officer from January 2024 until October 2024. Prior to joining us, he served as Head of People at Ralph Lauren Corporation (lifestyle products company) from May 2022 until January 2024, and Chief Talent Officer at UHGI from May 2018 until May 2022. Prior to joining UHGI, Mr. Craig served as Global Senior Director at Apple, Inc. (technology company) from 2011 to 2018, as well as Director of Human Resources and Director of Learning Development/Talent Acquisition at The Ritz Carlton Hotel Company, LLC (hotel chain) from 2008 to 2011 and from 1999 to 2007, respectively. Mr. Haytaian has been serving as our Executive Vice President and President of Carelon and CarelonRx since October 2021. Prior to his current role, he was Executive Vice President and President of the Commercial Specialty Business Division beginning in April 2018. From June 2014 until April 2018, Mr. Haytaian held the position of Executive Vice President and President of the Government Business Division. He joined the Company in 2012 through the acquisition of Amerigroup Corporation ( Amerigroup ) and served as President of our Medicaid business from 2013 until 2014. From 2005 to 2013, Mr. Haytaian held various leadership positions with Amerigroup, including Chief Executive Officer of the North -22- Region for its Medicaid business from 2012 until 2013. Mr. Haytaian has extensive experience leading Medicare and Medicaid programs both at Amerigroup and, prior thereto, with Oxford Health Plans, Inc. Mr. Kendrick has been serving as our Executive Vice President and President of our Commercial Health Benefits since October 2021. From January 2021 until October 2021, Mr. Kendrick served as President of our Commercial Business West Markets (California, Colorado, Indiana, Kentucky, Missouri, Nevada, Ohio and Wisconsin). Mr. Kendrick has been with the Company since 1995, and has held various leadership roles across the organization, including serving as President, Anthem National Accounts/Central Markets from 2015 until January 2021 and President of National Accounts and General Manager for Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Georgia from 2010 until 2015. Mr. Lavu has been serving as our Executive Vice President and Chief Digital and Information Officer since February 2024. Prior to joining us, he served as Global Chief Digital Information Officer of Nike, Inc. ( Nike ) (retailer) from July 2019 to February 2023. Prior to Nike, he served as Chief Technology Officer/CIO of Kohl s Corporation ( Kohls ) (retailer) from March 2016 to June 2019, and he held various other roles at Kohl's beginning in 2011, including Executive Vice President, Digital Technology, and Senior Vice President of Digital Innovation. Prior to Kohl's, Mr. Lavu served as Chief Technology Officer at Redbox Automated Retail, LLC (retailer) from October 2009 to October 2011. Ms. Norwood has been serving as our Executive Vice President and President of our Government Health Benefits since June 2018. Prior to joining us, she was Director of The Department of Healthcare and Family Services for the State of Illinois from 2015 to June 2018. Prior to that appointment, Ms. Norwood held various leadership roles at Aetna, with her most recent role as President of the Mid-America Region for Aetna from 2010 until 2013. Ms. Wessling has been serving as our Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since August 2025. From January 2025 until August 2025, Ms. Wessling served as our General Counsel and Interim Chief Legal Officer, and as our General Counsel from August 2024 until January 2025. Prior to joining us, she held various leadership roles at The Cigna Group (diversified healthcare company) from November 2021 until July 2024, with her most recent role as Senior Vice President, Chief Counsel. Prior to that, she held various leadership roles at HCSC from 2018 until 2021, with her most recent role as Vice President, Legal. Before joining HCSC, Ms. Wessling served as Principal Legal Counsel at Medtronic plc ( Medtronic ) (healthcare technology company) from 2016 until 2018. Prior to Medtronic, she was an attorney at UHGI from 2008 until 2016. Mr. Penczek has been serving as our Controller since November 2015 and as our Chief Accounting Officer since December 2015. He served as our Vice President and Corporate Controller from 2013 to 2015. Prior to that appointment, Mr. Penczek served as Vice President and Assistant Controller from 2008 to 2012 and in various other roles in our finance department from 2005 until 2008. Before joining us in 2005, Mr. Penczek was a Staff Vice President with CNA Insurance from 2000 to 2005 and held various positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 1992 to 2000, including as a Manager. Available Information We are a large accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) and are required, pursuant to Item 101 of Regulation S-K, to provide certain information regarding our website and the availability of certain documents filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers at www.sec.gov. Our website is www.elevancehealth.com. We have included our website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as a textual reference only. The information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other SEC filings. We make available through our website, free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with or furnish it to the SEC. We also include on our website our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Conduct and the charter of each standing committee of our Board of Directors. In addition, we intend to disclose on our website any amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Conduct that are required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange. Elevance Health, Inc. is an Indiana corporation incorporated on July 17, 2001. -23- ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. In evaluating our business, the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, should be carefully considered. Any one or more of such risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price and could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from past or anticipated future results of operations and financial condition. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect us. BUSINESS RISKS If we fail to appropriately predict, price for and manage healthcare costs, the profitability of our products and services could decline, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Our profitability depends on our ability to appropriately predict and price for healthcare costs. It also depends on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and underwriting criteria. Total healthcare costs are affected by the type, number and unit cost of individual services rendered. Numerous factors affecting healthcare costs may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage such costs, and could adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include, among others: changes in healthcare practices; healthcare utilization patterns; demographic characteristics including the aging population; previously uninsured members entering the healthcare system; short and long-term risks associated with our members' lifestyle decisions; medical cost inflation; increased labor costs; provider and member fraud; evolution of new technologies, drugs and treatments; increased cost of individual services; increased number and cost of prescription drugs; direct-to-consumer marketing by drug manufacturers; clusters of high cost cases; increased use of services, including resulting from pandemics, large-scale medical emergencies, natural disasters, geopolitical instability and other public health crises; and new mandated benefits and treatment guidelines and changes to other regulations impacting our business. Our estimates of future benefit cost projections involve extensive judgment and are subject to considerable inherent variability. Slight differences between our predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of premium revenues can result in significant changes in our results of operations. Generally, our premiums on commercial policies and Medicaid contracts are fixed for a 12-month period and are determined based on data from several months prior to the commencement of the premium period. Our revenue from Medicare policies is based on bids submitted to CMS six months prior to the start of the contract year. CMS has explicit gain and loss margin requirements within the bids, as well as contract-specific federal MLR annual requirements. Accordingly, the costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections cannot be recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. Existing Medicaid contract rates are often established by the applicable state, and our actual costs may exceed those rates. Many factors, including those discussed above, have caused, and may in the future cause, actual costs to exceed those estimated and reflected in our commercial premiums and Medicare and Medicaid bids. We participate in the Public Exchange in many of the states where we offer Medicaid health plans. The Public Exchange markets in general are highly volatile and unpredictable from year to year. We develop each state's Public Exchange market premium rates during the spring of each year for policies effective in the following calendar year. Legislation, regulation enforcement activity and judicial decisions that cause the Public Exchange to operate in a manner different than we projected in setting premium rates, including any potential changes relating to the expiration of enhanced PTCs at the end of 2025, could affect our results. In addition, any variation from our cost expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, or other assumptions utilized in setting premium rates, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Although federal and state premium and risk adjustment mechanisms could help offset health benefit costs above our projections if the assumptions we use to set our premium rates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial condition could still be adversely affected. The reserves that we establish for health insurance policy benefits and other contractual rights and benefits are based on assumptions concerning a number of factors, including trends in healthcare costs, expenses, general economic conditions and other factors. To the extent the actual claims experience is unfavorable compared to our underlying assumptions, our incurred losses would increase, and future earnings could be advers