=== GNRC_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the following risks. These risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us. These risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under “Forward-Looking Statements” and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this Annual Report. Risk factors related to our business and industry Demand for the majority of our products is significantly affected by unpredictable power outage activity that can lead to substantial variations in, and uncertainties regarding, our financial results from period to period. Sales of our residential products are subject to consumer buying patterns, and demand for the majority of our products is affected by power outage events caused by thunderstorms, hurricanes, wildfires, ice storms, blackouts, public safety power shutoffs, and other power grid reliability issues, all of which affect our ability to accurately manage our business and forecast future results. The impact of these outage events on our sales can vary depending on the location, frequency and severity of the outages. Sustained periods without major power disruptions can lead, and in the past have led, to reduced consumer awareness of the benefits of standby and portable generator products and can result and have previously resulted in reduced sales growth rates and excess inventory. There are smaller, more localized power outages that occur frequently that drive a baseline level of demand for backup power solutions. The lack of major power outage events and fluctuations to the baseline levels of power outage activity are part of managing our business, and these fluctuations could have, and previously have had, an adverse effect on our net sales and profits. Despite their unpredictable nature, we believe power disruptions create awareness and accelerate adoption and demand for our home standby products. Decreases in the availability and quality, or increases in the cost, of raw materials, key components and labor we use to make our products could materially reduce our earnings. The principal raw materials that we use to produce our products include steel, copper and aluminum as well as batteries and advanced electronic components. We also source a significant number of component parts from third parties that we utilize to manufacture our products. The prices of those raw materials and components are susceptible to significant fluctuations due to trends in supply and demand, commodity prices, currency rate changes, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, price controls, economic conditions and other unforeseen circumstances beyond our control. We have seen such trends significantly impact our business in the past resulting in higher costs and shortages in materials, components and labor, and such impacts may continue or arise again in the foreseeable future. We typically do not have long-term supply contracts in place to ensure the raw materials and components we use are available in necessary amounts or at fixed prices. In the short-term, we haven't always been able to fully mitigate raw material or component price increases through product design improvements, price increases to our customers, manufacturing productivity improvements, or hedging transactions, and if our mitigation efforts continue to not be fully effective in the short or long-term, our profitability could be adversely affected. Also, our ability to continue to obtain quality materials and components is subject to the continued reliability and viability of our suppliers, including in some cases, suppliers who are the sole source of certain important components. It has been challenging to consistently obtain adequate, cost efficient or timely deliveries of certain required raw materials and components, or sufficient labor resources, and if this trend continues, we may be unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of products on a timely basis. This could cause us to lose additional sales, incur additional costs, delay new product introductions or suffer harm to our reputation. We depend upon a small number of outside manufacturers and component suppliers, as well as other single-source suppliers, for certain products and components, and our business and operations could be disrupted if we encounter problems with these parties. For certain products we rely upon outside manufacturers to build these products or supply these components, including but not limited to certain clean energy products or components and large engines used in data center backup applications. The timing of purchases in future periods could differ materially from our estimates due to fluctuations in demand requirements related to varying sales levels as well as changes in economic conditions. Further, the revenues that our suppliers generate from our orders may represent a relatively small percentage of their overall revenues. While we seek to negotiate supply agreements with all of our vendors, we may purchase some products or components on a purchase order basis. As a result, fulfilling our orders may not be considered a priority to these suppliers in the event of constrained ability to fulfill all of their customer obligations in a timely manner. If any of these manufacturers or component suppliers were unable or unwilling to manufacture or produce our products in required volumes and at high quality levels or renew existing terms under supply agreements, we would have to identify, qualify and select acceptable alternative suppliers, which may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. Our reliance on such suppliers makes us vulnerable to possible capacity constraints and reduced control over component availability, delivery schedules, quality issues, manufacturing yields and costs. Moreover, we single-source certain types of parts in our product designs. Delays in our suppliers' deliveries have sometimes impaired, and may continue to impair, our ability to deliver products to our customers. A wide variety of factors could cause such delays including, but not limited to, lack of capacity, economic downturns, availability of credit, logistical challenges, labor or material shortages, trade restrictions, weather events, political instability, geopolitical conflicts (such as conflicts in the Ukraine or the Middle East), terrorism, civil unrest, disease or natural disasters. If any of these suppliers reduce or eliminate the supply of the components to us in the future, our revenues, business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely impacted. Although we have ongoing contractual disputes with certain such suppliers, such disputes have not to date had any significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operation. 15 Table of Contents Our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or if third parties claim that we are in violation of their intellectual property rights. We consider our intellectual property rights to be important assets and seek to protect them through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing and confidentiality agreements. These protections may not be adequate to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization, breaching any confidentiality agreements with us, copying or reverse engineering our products, or developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent to or superior to our own. The unauthorized use of our intellectual property by others could reduce our competitive advantage and harm our business. Not only are intellectual property-related proceedings burdensome and costly, but they could take years to resolve, and we might not ultimately prevail. We cannot guarantee that any patents, issued or pending, will provide us with any competitive advantage or will not be challenged by third parties. Moreover, the expiration of our patents may lead to increased competition with respect to certain products. If we fail to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, or if such intellectual property and proprietary rights are infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially harmed. In addition, we cannot be certain that we do not or will not infringe third parties' intellectual property rights. We currently are, and have previously been, subject to such third-party infringement claims, and may continue to be in the future. Any such claim, even if it is believed to be without merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to defend, subject us to damages, cause us to cease making, using or selling certain products that incorporate the disputed intellectual property, require us to redesign our products, divert management time and attention, and/or require us to enter into costly royalty or licensing arrangements. Certain parts of our business experience significant intellectual property litigation and we have in the past and could in the future become involved in costly and lengthy litigation involving patents or other intellectual property rights which could adversely affect our business. We have recently been subject to adverse rulings or have settled claims for significant amounts related to the infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, and may continue to be subject to such claims, damage awards or settlement payments. In addition, we may not prevail in such future proceedings. An adverse outcome of any such proceeding may reduce our competitive advantage or otherwise harm our financial condition and our business or potentially impair our patents and technology intangible assets which could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. For further information, see Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We may incur costs and liabilities as a result of product liability, warranty claims, recalls, or other claims. We face a risk from current and future product liability claims alleging to arise from the use of our products and that may purportedly result in injury or other damage. Although we currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, in certain cases such insurance coverage has not and may continue to not be sufficient to cover claims or damage awards or we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, or obtain insurance that will provide adequate coverage against potential claims. Product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for long periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. A significant unsuccessful product liability defense could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we believe our business depends on the strong brand reputation we have developed. If our reputation is damaged due to product liability or warranty claims, or recalls, we may face difficulty in maintaining our market share and pricing with respect to some of our products, which could reduce our sales and profitability. We have and may continue to experience product liability, product quality or reliability claims, or warranty claims with respect to certain clean energy, generator, and/or chore products, including being subject to certain consumer product class action lawsuits or other governmental fines or penalties in relation to such products. In the event such product or warranty related claims continue or are significantly higher in the future, or we incur losses or other damages associated with current or future product liability lawsuits or product related claims, this may continue to adversely affect our reputation or brand quality in relation to such products, subject us to significantly increased costs or penalties, and otherwise materially harm our results of operations, financial condition and our business. Even in litigation where we believe the likelihood of liability is remote, there is a risk that a negative finding or decision in a matter involving multiple plaintiffs or a purported class action could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations or financial condition. In fact, in order to avoid the uncertainty of a potential negative jury trial outcome on a products liability injury case, we have agreed to settle at least one such case, which we previously disclosed, in an amount which exceeded our insurance coverage, but which will not have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. While we do record reserves for future warranty claims, our estimated warranty accruals for previously sold products and our warranty costs for current product sales are based on assumptions using historical experience, and we do not have a long history with respect to certain products. As a result, these assumptions could prove to be materially different from the actual performance of such products, causing us to incur substantial unanticipated expenses to repair or replace defective products in the future or to compensate customers for defective products. Our failure to accurately predict future claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 16 Table of Contents Moreover, we have and may continue to be exposed to product recalls and adverse public relations if our products are alleged to have defects, to cause property damage, to cause injury or illness, or if we are alleged to have violated governmental regulations. A product recall could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, which would reduce operating profit and cash flow. In addition, a product recall may require significant management attention. Product recalls may hurt the value of our brands and lead to decreased demand for our products. Product recalls have resulted in and may continue to lead to increased scrutiny, fines or other penalties by federal, state or international regulatory agencies on our operations or business and increased litigation and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For further information, see Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risk of non-compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations applicable to our global operations could have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition or strategic objectives. Our global operations subject us to regulation by U.S. federal and state laws and multiple foreign laws, regulations and policies. These laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, have become more stringent over time and increase our cost of doing business. These laws and regulations include import and export control, sanction and trade restriction laws, environmental, health and safety regulations, data privacy requirements, international labor laws and work councils and anti- corruption and bribery laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, the U.N. Convention Against Bribery and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials. We are subject to the risk that we, our employees, our affiliated entities, contractors, agents or their respective officers, directors, and employees may take actions determined to be in violation of any of these laws, for which we might be held responsible, particularly as we expand our operations geographically through organic growth and acquisitions. An actual or alleged violation could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil or criminal penalties, debarment from government contracts, curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions, competitive or reputational harm, litigation or regulatory action and other consequences that might adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or strategic objectives. If we fail to develop new products or enhance existing products, or our customers do not accept the new or enhanced products we develop, our revenue and profitability could be adversely impacted. Difficulties or delays in research, development or production of new or enhanced products or failure to gain market acceptance of new or enhanced products and technologies may reduce future sales and adversely affect our competitive position. We continue to invest in the development and marketing of new or enhanced products. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient resources to make such investments, that we will be able to make the technological advances necessary to maintain competitive advantages or that we can recover major research and development expenses. If we do not continue to strategically advance our product portfolio to maintain our technology leadership, our competitive position could be adversely affected. Certain of our products benefit from government incentive or tax credit programs and we cannot be assured that these incentive or tax credit programs will be maintained and for how long. On July 4, 2025, the United States enacted the OBBBA, which introduced substantial tax law changes, eliminates or reduces several tax credits and incentives applicable to energy related technologies, which has and may continue to negatively impact our business in the short term. For example, in July 2024, we received a grant from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to facilitate the installation of residential solar and battery storage systems for disadvantaged Puerto Rican residents that the DOE has elected to stop funding going forward in 2026. If we fail to make innovations, experience unexpected delays and/or quality problems in launching products, or the market does not accept our new products, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected. In addition, as new or enhanced products are introduced, we must successfully manage the transition from older products to minimize disruption in customers’ ordering patterns, avoid excessive levels of older or obsolete product inventories and ensure that we can deliver sufficient supplies of new products to meet customers’ demands. G rowth of the data center market is difficult to project and may not be sustaining, and we may not be successful in achieving our growth, revenue, or profitability objectives in the future related to it. The increasing use and development of artificial intelligence has created significant demand for the build out of data center infrastructure, which includes backup power generation. While we believe the potential for this business is very promising, the growth and development of this rapidly evolving industry is difficult to project. Our expectations regarding this market may not prove to be accurate or the market may not be sustainable. Our operating results may fluctuate moving forward as we develop this business and expand our offering of high output diesel generators. Our expectations around growth for this market may also place significant demands on our management team and require significant capital investment as well as other resources. The technical, operational, or general contractual requirements for certain large data center customers or projects can be significant. Challenges in meeting these requirements, due to evolving project specifications or changing customer or supplier circumstances, or other issues could result in delays, increased costs, reduced revenue, or reputational harm. Any such issues with our performance under these contracts could materially impact our net sales and operating results. We may not be able to address these challenges in a cost-effective manner or at all. If we do not effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to execute on our business plan, respond to competitive pressures, or take advantage of the market opportunities. All of these could have an impact on our future objectives for growth, revenue, or profitability as well as our financial results and operations. 17 Table of Contents Demand for our products is significantly affected by durable goods spending by consumers and businesses, and other macroeconomic conditions. Our business is affected by general economic conditions, and uncertainty or adverse changes, such as the prolonged downturn in U.S. residential investment and the impact of more stringent credit standards and rising interest rates or inflation. These have previously led and could lead again to a decline in demand for our products and increase pressure to reduce our prices. Our sales of light-commercial and industrial generators are affected by conditions in the non-residential construction sector and by the capital investment trends for small and large businesses and municipalities. If these businesses and municipalities cannot access credit markets or do not utilize discretionary funds to purchase our products as a result of the economy or other factors, our business could suffer and our ability to realize benefits from our strategy of increasing sales in the light-commercial and industrial sectors could be adversely affected. In addition, consumer confidence and home remodeling expenditures have a significant impact on sales of our residential products, and prolonged periods of weakness in consumer durable goods spending has previously had, and could again have a material impact on our business. We currently do not have any material contracts with our customers which call for committed volume, and we cannot guarantee that our current customers will continue to purchase our products at the same level, if at all. If general economic conditions or consumer confidence were to worsen, or if the non-residential construction sector or rate of capital investments were to decline, our net sales and profits would likely be adversely affected. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results, including increases in interest rates or sustained inflationary pressure which could negatively affect overall growth and impact sales of our products. Additionally, timing of capital spending by our national account customers can vary from quarter-to-quarter based on capital availability and internal capital spending budgets. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. Such risks or events may disrupt our supply chain and not enable us to produce products to meet customer demand. If we do not forecast demand for our products accurately, we may experience product shortages, delays in product shipment, excess product inventory, difficulties in planning expenses or disputes with suppliers, any of which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. We manufacture our products based on both actual customer orders and our estimates of customer demand. This process requires us to make multiple forecasts and assumptions relating to the demand of our distributors, their end customers, general market conditions, and other macroeconomic conditions. The frequency and duration of power outages also affects demand for our products as described above. As a result, it may be difficult to forecast customer demand to plan our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we overestimate demand for our products, we may have excess inventory that we cannot sell. We may have to make significant provisions for inventory write-downs based on events that are currently not known, or discount finished goods to liquidate inventory, and such provisions or any adjustments to such provisions and discounts could be material. We may also become involved in disputes with our suppliers who may claim that we failed to fulfill forecast or minimum purchase requirements. Conversely, if we underestimate demand, we may not have sufficient inventory to meet end-customer demand, and we may lose market share, damage relationships with our distributors and end customers and forgo potential revenue opportunities. Obtaining additional supply in the face of product shortages may be costly or impossible, which could prevent us from fulfilling orders in a timely and cost-efficient manner or at all. In addition, if we overestimate our production requirements, our contract manufacturers may purchase excess components and build excess inventory. If our contract manufacturers, at our request, purchase excess components that are unique to our products and are unable to recoup the costs of such excess inventory through resale or return or build excess products, we could be required to pay for these excess parts or products and recognize related inventory write-downs. The industries in which we compete are highly competitive, and our failure to compete successfully could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We operate in markets that are highly competitive. Some of our competitors have established brands and are larger in size or are divisions of large, diversified companies which have substantially greater financial resources than we do. Some of our competitors have and may continue to be willing to reduce prices and accept lower margins in order to compete with us. In addition, we could face new competition from large international or domestic companies with established brands that enter our end markets. Demand for our products may also be affected by our inability to respond to changes in design and functionality, to respond to downward pricing pressure, and to provide shorter lead times for our products than our competitors. There is also increasing use of data analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence software, which our competitors may be able to use or implement more effectively than we are able to do. If we are unable to respond successfully to these competitive pressures, we could lose market share, which could have an adverse impact on our results. For further information, see “Item 1—Business—Competition” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We rely on independent dealers and distribution partners, and the loss of these dealers and distribution partners, or of any of our sales arrangements with significant private label, national, retail or equipment rental customers, would adversely affect our business. We depend on the services of independent distributors and dealers to sell and install our products and provide service and aftermarket support to our end customers. Their capacity constraints and/or inability to install and service our products, including their inability to hire, develop, or retain qualified technicians or other labor, could limit our ability to maintain and grow our sales. We also rely on our distribution channels to drive awareness for our product categories and our brands. In addition, we sell our products to end users through private label arrangements with leading home equipment, electrical equipment and construction machinery companies; arrangements with top retailers and equipment rental companies; and our direct national accounts with telecommunications and other industrial customers. Our distribution agreements and any contracts we have with large national, retail and other customers are typically not exclusive, and many of the distributors with whom we do business also offer competitors’ products and services. 18 Table of Contents Impairment of our relationships with our distributors, dealers or large customers, loss of a substantial number of these distributors or dealers or of one or more large customers, or an increase in our distributors' or dealers' sales of our competitors' products to our customers or of our large customers' purchases of our competitors' products could materially reduce our sales and profits. For example, we have had, and may continue to have, disputes with one or more customers, distributors or dealers to whom we sell our products, including clean energy products, and this may reduce or limit the sales growth for such products. Additionally, our ability to successfully realize our growth strategy is dependent in part on our ability to identify, attract and retain new distributors at all layers of our distribution platform, including increasing the number of energy storage distributors, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in these efforts. For further information, see “Item 1—Business—Distribution Channels and Customers” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase programs will be fully consummated or that they will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the market price of our stock and diminish our cash reserves. On February 9, 2026, the Company’s Board of Directors (Board) approved the current stock repurchase program that allows for the repurchase of up to $500 million of the Company’s common stock over a twenty-four-month period. Although our Board has authorized such share repurchase program, the program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. Such program could also diminish our cash reserves. In addition, we may discontinue, modify or suspend our share rep

=== GNRC_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes in our risk factors since the February 18, 2026, filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2 . Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table summarizes the stock repurchase activity for the three months ended March 31, 2026, which consisted of the withholding of shares upon the vesting of restricted stock awards to pay related withholding taxes on behalf of the recipient: Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number Of Shares Purchased As Part Of Publicly Announced Plans Or Programs Approximate Dollar Value Of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under The Plans Or Programs 01/01/2026 – 01/31/2026 - $ - - $ 500,000,000 02/01/2026 – 02/28/2026 - $ - - $ 500,000,000 03/01/2026 – 03/31/2026 90,537 $ 228.12 - $ 500,000,000 Total 90,537 $ 228.12 - For equity compensation plan information, please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. For information on the Company’s stock repurchase plans, refer to Note 13, “Stock Repurchase Program,” to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. 29 Table of Contents Item 5. Other Information On March 5, 2026 , Raj Kanuru , Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary , adopted a Rule 10b5 - 1 trading plan that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5 - 1 (c) for the (i) sale of up to 2,165 shares of the Company’s common stock, and (ii) exercise and sale of up to 4,514 stock options, until February 12, 2027 . On March 6, 2026 , Norm Taffe , President , Generac Home, adopted a Rule 10b5 - 1 trading plan that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5 - 1 (c) for the (i) sale of up to 3,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, and (ii) exercise and sale of up to 2,500 stock options, until March 8, 2027 . Item 6. Exhibits Exhibits Number Description 10.1* Amended Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement pursuant to the Generac Holdings Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 10.2* Amended Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Generac Holdings Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 10.3* Amended Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement pursuant to the Generac Holdings Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2** Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101* The following materials from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) related Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 The cover page from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 formatted as inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith 30 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Generac Holdings Inc. By: /s/ York A. Ragen York A. Ragen Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Dated: May 5, 2026 31 