=== GPN_2026-03-17.htm.gz ===
tm261348-1_nonfiling - none - 51.6367224s TABLE OF CONTENTS As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2026 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (RULE 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to Section 240.14a-12 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS March 17, 2026 M ESSAGE F ROM O UR C HIEF E XECUTIVE O FFICER A ND C HAIR Dear Shareholders: On behalf of our Board of Directors and our management team, thank you for your continued investment in Global Payments. 2025 represented a pivotal year for our company as we advanced our strategic transformation, strengthened our competitive position, and took decisive actions to enhance long-term shareholder value. Strategic Transformation and Worldpay Acquisition In April 2025, we announced our agreement to acquire Worldpay and divest our Issuer Solutions business. Both transactions closed in early January 2026, well ahead of plan. These transactions catalyze our transformation, transitioning Global Payments into a pure-play merchant solutions provider with enhanced scale, expanded global distribution, and greater technology depth. We extend our sincere appreciation and best wishes to our Issuer Solutions colleagues, and warmly welcome the talented team members of Worldpay to Global Payments. Their expertise, passion, and commitment have strengthened our company from day one. Global Payments now processes $3.7 trillion in annual payment volume across 94 billion transactions, serving more than six million merchant locations in over 175 countries. With the extensive integration planning completed throughout 2025, we built a strong foundation for a seamless transition, and remain fully on track to deliver the revenue and cost synergies we outlined at announcement. With this combination, we are not simply bringing two companies together or creating a larger version of what we were before. We are building a new Global Payments one that is better positioned to compete, innovate, and achieve our strategic aspiration of becoming the worldwide partner of choice for commerce solutions. As we execute our integration, our priority is clear: drive sustainable growth while delivering exceptional experiences and value for our clients and partners. Financial Performance and Capital Allocation In 2025, we achieved the financial commitments we established at the outset of the year. We delivered constant currency adjusted net revenue growth of 6%, excluding dispositions, expanded adjusted operating margin by 100 basis points, and increased adjusted earnings per share by 11% 1 . We also completed the divestiture of our Payroll business for $1.1 billion, enabling the return of an additional $500 million to shareholders through an accelerated share repurchase program. Over the course of the year, we continued to execute on our balanced capital allocation strategy, including $1.5 billion of shareholder returns, while maintaining a disciplined approach to investment. We continue to target $7.5 billion of capital returns to shareholders between 2025 and 2027 and deleveraging to approximately 3.0 times by the end of 2027. 1 Adjusted net revenue growth, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures. See Appendix B for a description and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. TABLE OF CONTENTS Business Transformation and Genius Launch In 2025, we advanced our multiyear operational transformation program designed to reorient Global Payments into a unified operating company globally, better positioned to capitalize on key growth opportunities. Through this program, we are simplifying our business, modernizing our technology environment, and enhancing sales productivity and effectiveness. As a result of the substantial progress we have made, we increased the expected annual run-rate operating income benefit from transformation initiatives to $650 million (excluding our Issuer Solutions business), an increase of $100 million from prior estimates. A cornerstone of our transformation was the successful launch of our Genius platform in the second quarter of 2025. Genius is a modern, cloud-based, modular point-of-sale solution that consolidates multiple legacy systems into a unified offering. We are actively deploying Genius across all our distribution channels, and feedback from clients and partners has been exceptionally positive, while sales momentum has accelerated. We are also embracing artificial intelligence (AI) to modernize our technology environments, improve the productivity of our engineering teams, and elevate the experiences of our customers. At the core of our technology transformation is our investment in a unified orchestration platform that simplifies the customer and partner experience. This modern API environment, complemented by AI systems, allows us to deliver contemporary customer experiences and expose the full breadth of our capabilities more ubiquitously across our global markets. Further, we partnered with Google to enable agentic commerce using the Agent Payments Protocol, enabling us to provide secure, reliable, and interoperable agentic commerce for customers and partners. Corporate Governance Enhancements We remain focused on maintaining strong corporate governance and aligning board capabilities with the strategic needs of the company. In 2025 and early 2026, we appointed three new independent directors, Patricia Patty Watson, Archana Archie Deskus, and Vivek Sankaran. These accomplished executives bring significant experience in strategic transformation, technology, financial services, retail, and human capital management to our board. We also established an ad-hoc committee of our board to oversee the integration of Worldpay, ensuring continued governance rigor during this critical period. Finally, we extend our gratitude to Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr. for his exceptional leadership, strategic insight and steadfast commitment to Global Payments as he completes his tenure on our board. Positioned for Long-Term Value Creation Our strategic actions in 2025 strengthened our foundation for sustainable growth and significantly enhanced our cash-flow generation profile. By 2028, we now expect to generate approximately 50% more levered adjusted free cash flow than would have been possible without the steps we took this past year. This improved financial profile provides substantial flexibility to continue returning significant capital to shareholders, while also investing in the innovation, product development, and global distribution opportunities that will drive long-term growth and deepen our competitive differentiation. Conclusion The successful execution of our transformation program, the completion of the Worldpay acquisition, and our continued focus on operational excellence position Global Payments to deliver durable performance and meaningful long-term shareholder value. The acquisition of Worldpay marks a pivotal step in our evolution strengthening our position as the world s leading pure-play commerce solutions provider and equipping us to deliver consistent, sustainable growth. With a unified team, a focused strategy, and a deep commitment to our clients, we are moving faster, allocating resources with greater precision, and bringing to market a spectrum of innovative commerce technologies from best-in-class enterprise payments capabilities to feature-rich platforms like Genius. Our unmatched global reach, TABLE OF CONTENTS extensive vertical expertise, and more than $1 billion in annual investment enable us to anticipate client needs and deliver solutions at scale. Supported by robust free-cash-flow generation and a disciplined capital allocation framework, we remain firmly committed to compounding value for our shareholders. We encourage you to review this proxy statement carefully and vote your shares as recommended by the Board of Directors. Thank you for your continued confidence in Global Payments. Sincerely, Cameron M. Bready Chief Executive Officer M. Troy Woods Independent Chair of the Board TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Date and Time: Thursday, April 30, 2026, at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time Virtual Meeting Site: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GPN2026 Our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders will be held in a virtual meeting format only with no physical location. Shareholders who held shares as of the record date may attend the meeting by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GPN2026 using the 16-digit control number included on the proxy card or notice. Record Date: Close of business on March 9, 2026 Items of Business: Voting Proposal Board Recommendation 1. Elect the twelve directors nominated by our board and named in the proxy statement. Diverse board in terms of skills, background and professional experiences. FOR each director nominee 2. Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers for 2025. Our executive compensation program is designed to align with our Company s performance and strategic objectives, ensuring that we attract, retain and motivate top-tier talent. We are pleased that shareholders have supported our executive compensation through strong say-on-pay approval ratings, affirming confidence in our approach to rewarding performance and driving value. FOR 3. Ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP (Deloitte) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. Deloitte is an independent registered public accounting firm with the required knowledge and experience to effectively audit the Company s financial statements. FOR 4. To consider and vote upon one shareholder proposal, if properly presented. AGAINST The shareholders of record may also transact any other business that may properly come before the 2026 annual meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof. TABLE OF CONTENTS Vote Right Away BY INTERNET USING YOUR COMPUTER BY TELEPHONE BY INTERNET USING YOUR TABLET OR SMARTPHONE IF YOU RECEIVED YOUR PROXY MATERIALS BY MAIL, BY MAILING YOUR PROXY CARD Visit 24/7 www.proxyvote.com You will need the 16-digit control number that appears on your proxy card or notice. Registered Owners in the U.S. or Canada dial toll-free 24/7 1-800-690-6903 You will need the16-digit control number that appears on your proxy card or notice. Scan the QR code on your proxy card 24/7 to vote with your mobile device (may require free software) Cast your ballot, sign your proxy card and send by free post YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Even if you expect to attend the 2026 annual meeting, please vote in advance. If you attend the 2026 annual meeting online, you may revoke your proxy by submitting a vote during the meeting. When you submit your proxy, you authorize Cameron M. Bready and Dara Steele-Belkin, or any one of them, each with full power of substitution, to vote your shares at the 2026 annual meeting in accordance with your instructions or, if no instructions are given, for the proposals included herein in accordance with the recommendations by our board. The proxies, in their discretion, are further authorized to vote, subject to applicable law, on any adjournments or postponements of the 2026 annual meeting, for the election of one or more persons to our board of directors if any of the nominees becomes unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, on matters which our board does not know a reasonable time before making the proxy solicitations will be presented at the 2026 annual meeting, or any other matters which may properly come before the 2026 annual meeting and any postponements or adjournments thereto. On March 17, 2026, we first mailed a notice of electronic availability of proxy materials to our shareholders. By Order of the Board of Directors, Dara Steele-Belkin Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary 1 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 1 Proposals and Voting Recommendations 1 General Information about the Company for 2025 2 Performance Highlights 2 Board and Corporate Governance Highlights 4 2026 Director Nominees Overview 4 Director Nominee Committee Composition 6 Shareholder Outreach 13 Compensation Philosophy 15 2025 Compensation Highlights 16 Commitment to Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 17 2025 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Highlights 17 Questions and Answers About Our 2026 Virtual Annual Meeting and this Proxy Statement 21 Proposal One: Election of Directors for a One-Year Term FOR 25 2026 Nominees for Directors 25 Board of Directors, its Committees, Meetings and Functions 38 Effective Board Leadership Structure 38 Board Independence 40 Board Membership Criteria 41 Board Refreshment 42 Board and Committee Membership 43 Board Oversight 51 Evaluation of Board and Committee Effectiveness 54 Codes of Conduct and Ethics 54 Contacting Our Board of Directors 54 Board of Directors Compensation 55 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan 56 Target Stock Ownership Guidelines 56 Common Stock Ownership 57 Common Stock Ownership by Management 57 Common Stock Ownership by Non-Management Shareholders 58 Equity Compensation Plan Information 58 Biographical Information About Executive Officers and Named Executive Officers 59 Proposal Two: Advisory Vote to Approve the 2025 Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers FOR 61 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 62 2025 Executive Summary 63 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights 65 Compensation Practices and Policies 66 Evolution of our Executive Compensation 67 TABLE OF CONTENTS Effect of Most Recent Shareholder Say-On Pay Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 67 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 67 Base Salary 68 Short-Term Incentive Plan 68 Long-Term Incentive Plan 71 Other Benefits 75 Employment Agreements 76 How Compensation Decisions Are Made 76 Anti-Hedging Policy; Insider Trading Policy 77 Clawback Policy 78 Target Stock Ownership Guidelines 78 Compensation Committee Report 78 Compensation of Named Executive Officers 79 Summary Compensation Table 79 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 82 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2025 84 Stock Options Exercised and Stock Vested during 2025 86 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan 86 Pension Benefits 87 Potential Payments upon Termination, Retirement or Change in Control 87 Employment Agreements with Our Named Executive Officers 87 Potential Payments Table 90 Pay Versus Performance 93 CEO Pay Ratio 97 Proposal Three: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR 98 Report of the Audit Committee 98 Auditor Fees 100 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies 100 Proposal Four: Advisory Vote on Shareholder Proposal Regarding Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent AGAINST 101 Additional Information 105 Relationships and Related Party Transactions 105 Shareholders Sharing the Same Address 105 Shareholder List 105 Delinquent Section 16(a) reports 105 Appendix A: Performance Metrics for Determining Awards under Short-Term and Long-Term Incentive Plans A-1 Appendix B: Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures to GAAP Measures (Unaudited) B-1 What is New in this Proxy Statement? Formation of ad hoc Integration Committee Enhanced Board Skills and Experience Categories Director Nominee Biographies for Archana Deskus, Vivek Sankaran, and Patricia A. Watson New Short-Term Incentive Metrics for 2025 Updated Long-Term Incentive Plan for 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary We provide below highlights of certain information in this proxy statement. As it is only a summary, please refer to the complete proxy statement and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2025 Form 10-K) before you vote. Information on the composition of our board of directors is presented based on data as of the date of this proxy statement. References to Global Payments, the Company , we, or our herein refer to Global Payments Inc. 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Date and Time: Thursday, April 30, 2026, at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time Virtual Meeting Site: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GPN2026 Our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders will be held in a virtual meeting format only with no physical location. Shareholders who held shares as of the record date may attend the meeting by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GPN2026 using the 16-digit control number included on the proxy card or notice. Record Date: March 9, 2026 Voting: Holders of our common stock as of the close of business on the record date may vote at the 2026 annual meeting. Each shareholder is entitled to one vote per share for each director nominee and one vote per share for each of the other proposals described below. Proposals and Voting Recommendations Proposal Board Vote Recommendation Page Number 1 Election of Twelve Directors FOR each nominee 25 2 Advisory Vote on Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers (NEOs) ( say-on-pay vote) FOR 61 3 Ratification of the Appointment of Deloitte as Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR 98 4 Vote on one shareholder proposal, if properly presented AGAINST 101 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS General Information about the Company for 2025 For a detailed discussion of our financial results for 2025, see the 2025 Form 10-K. The above Transactions, Revenue, and Operating Income statistics exclude Issuer Solutions, which is classified as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements. Performance Highlights 2025 represented a pivotal year for Global Payments, characterized by decisive strategic actions that strengthened our competitive position and accelerated our transformation into a focused merchant solutions leader. We achieved our financial targets for the year, while also positioning our organization to execute on a simplified strategy to deliver long-term sustainable performance, including by: Entering into definitive agreements to acquire Worldpay and divest our Issuer Solutions business, which were consummated in January 2026, resulting in strengthened capabilities and scale across payment technology and software solutions for merchants of all sizes. Launching our next-generation Genius point-of-sale ( POS ) platform, building exceptional market resonance and reinforcing Genius as a flagship innovation and solution. Aligning our brand identity across assets and go-to-market activities, including unifying POS businesses under the Genius brand. Divesting Heartland Payroll and returning $500 million of the proceeds to shareholders as part of our effort to accelerate value creation and emphasize the markets where we are best positioned to compete and win. Returning $1.5 billion of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Strengthening our governance through board refreshment. 2 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Throughout 2025 we maintained our vision, culture, and values, which provided the critical foundation needed to remain focused on achieving our objective: To build a new Global Payments one that is better positioned to compete, innovate, and achieve our strategic aspiration of becoming the worldwide partner of choice for commerce solutions. GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board and Corporate Governance Highlights 2026 Director Nominees Overview In accordance with the Company s charter and bylaws, members of our board stand for election each year. On September 24, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company increased the size of our board from ten to twelve directors and appointed Patricia Patty Watson and Archana Archie Deskus as new directors of the Company. On February 16, 2026, the Board of Directors of the Company increased the size of our board from twelve to thirteen directors and appointed Vivek Sankaran as a new director of the Company. Mr. Sankaran s appointment was effective February 19, 2026. As determined by our board and consistent with the recommendation of our Governance and Nominating Committee, twelve directors will stand for election at the 2026 annual meeting. Mr. Baldwin will continue as a director through the 2026 annual meeting, when his current term expires. Our board thanks Mr. Baldwin for his years of service and dedication to our board and for his many contributions to the Company. Our board approved a reduction in the number of directors constituting our board from thirteen to twelve members to take effect immediately following the closing of the polls for the election of directors at the 2026 annual meeting. Name Tenure Principal Occupation Non- Employee M. Troy Woods 6.5 Years Independent Chair of the Board Yes Cameron M. Bready 3 Years Chief Executive Officer, Global Payments Inc. No F. Thaddeus Arroyo 6.5 Years Former Chief Strategy Development Officer, AT T, Inc. Yes John G. Bruno 12 Years Chief Executive Officer, National Veterinary Associates Yes Archana Deskus 0.5 Years Former Chief Information Officer, Paypal Holdings, Inc. Yes Joia M. Johnson 6.5 Years Former Chief Administrative Officer, Hanesbrands Inc. Yes 4 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Name Tenure Principal Occupation Non- Employee Kirsten M. Kliphouse 2.5 Years Former President of Google Cloud Americas Yes Connie D. McDaniel 6.5 Years Chair of the Board, Virtus Mutual Fund Family Yes Joseph H. Osnoss 3.5 Years Managing Partner, Silver Lake Yes William B. Plummer 9 Years Former Chief Financial Officer, United Rentals Inc. Yes Vivek Sankaran 0.5 Years Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Albertsons Companies, Inc. Yes Patricia A. Watson 0.5 Years Former Chief Information and Technology Officer, NCR Atleos Yes GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominee Committee Composition Member Chair Audit Compensation Governance Technology Integration Troy Woods Cameron Bready Thaddeus Arroyo John Bruno Archana Deskus Joia Johnson Kirsten Kliphouse Connie McDaniel Joe Osnoss William Plummer Vivek Sankaran Patricia Watson 6 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominee Demographics * Represents independent director nominees GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Active Board Refreshment Highlights 8 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Qualifications Our board annually reviews directors skills and expertise to ensure our board represents a diverse skill set oriented to the historical and emerging needs of the business. Our board has identified the following key qualifications and experiences that are important to be represented on our board as a whole. Information regarding each nominee s skills and qualifications can be found both below and more specifically as it relates to each director in their individual biographies on pages 27-38. Indicates representation of the qualification for director nominees GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Skills Definitions: Core Competencies Leadership and Senior Management Experience Demonstrated breadth and depth of management and executive leadership experience Public Company Experience Experience with public company reporting responsibilities and the issues commonly faced by public companies Accounting and Finance Experience in corporate finance, financial accounting or financial management Risk Management Experience identifying, managing and mitigating enterprise risk Strategic Planning and Mergers and Acquisitions Experience in strategic planning, business development and mergers and acquisitions and ability to evaluate operational integration plans Global Business Experience International experience (such as living and working or having responsibilities for businesses outside of the United States) and understanding of the culture of countries outside of the United States Human Capital Management Experience in recruitment, retention, succession planning for key roles, and development and compensation matters for employees, including those with diverse skills and backgrounds Key Experience Industry Knowledge and Experience Extensive knowledge of the Company s business and/or industry experience from payments and processing services, financial services or from the consumer commerce space (retail, restaurant, hospitality, etc.) Cybersecurity and Information Security Experience with cybersecurity and/or information security including in the global risk management context Technology, Digital Transformation and Innovation Significant background working in technology, resulting in knowledge of how to anticipate technological trends and/or generate disruptive innovation Regulatory Compliance Experience with navigating complex legal and regulatory issues, compliance obligations, governmental policies, and sustainability matters in multiple jurisdictions, including engagement with legislators and regulatory bodies 10 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board and Corporate Governance Highlights We have adopted leading governance practices that establish strong independent leadership in our boardroom and provide our shareholders with meaningful rights. BOARD STRUCTURE AND INDEPENDENCE An independent Chair of the board, separate from our CEO, oversees our board s activity, including leading board meetings, fostering board cohesion and participation, and working with the CEO to create board agendas Eleven out of twelve director nominees are independent Annual election of directors Three new independent directors have been added to our board since 2025 and five since 2022 Independent directors meet without management and non-independent directors present Each director attended 75% or more of the meetings of our board and the committees on which he or she served Fully independent Audit, Compensation, Governance and Nominating, and Technology Committees SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS Proxy access for shareholders Majority voting for directors in uncontested elections No supermajority voting requirements 15% threshold for shareholders to call a special meeting BOARD OVERSIGHT Board and its committees exercise oversight of the Company s global risk management (GRM) program Dedicated regular board meeting focused on Company strategy Open access to senior management and information Proactive and strategic board and senior management succession planning Our Audit Committee oversees the integrity of the Company s financial statements and legal and regulatory compliance Our Governance and Nominating Committee oversees sustainability matters, which include environmental, social and corporate responsibility issues Our Compensation Committee assists our board in its oversight of human capital management Formation of an ad hoc Integration Committee to oversee the objectives for the integration of Worldpay into the Company SIGNIFICANT TECHNOLOGY, CYBER-SECURITY AND PRIVACY OVERSIGHT Our Technology Committee oversees the Company s Information Security program and global risk exposure associated with our technology and cyber-security practices Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) reports directly to our Technology Committee Centralized Privacy Office, led by our Chief Privacy Officer, provides world-wide compliance support to project and technology teams with detailed privacy analysis The Company s Internal Privacy Policy, together with associated standards and procedures, provides a comprehensive compliance framework to inform and guide the handling of personal data within the organization, as well as external sharing and data transfer Cyber-risk insurance policy aligns with our business objectives and customer expectations For a description of our cyber-security practices, see the 2025 Form 10-K GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS STRONG CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES Annual robust board and committee self-evaluations, including Chair interviews of board members and management Over-boarding restrictions Significant stock ownership requirements for our NEOs, other members of senior management and directors Director renomination limited to directors under the age of 75 Robust Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for employees and directors and Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers Director orientation program to complement the recruitment process Annual Global Responsibility Report disclosing our performance, progress and strategy on key sustainability and governance topics, including net zero carbon emissions commitment by 2040 Political Activity Policy outlining the rationale and ethical framework for how we participate in the political and public policy process Proactive and strategic board succession planning 12 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Shareholder Outreach We believe in providing transparent and timely information to our investors. Our senior management, as well as professionals in our Investor Relations team, routinely provide information to and receive feedback from our investors in a wide variety of formats. To the extent we receive shareholder proposals in connection with a given year s annual meeting of shareholders, we also typically include a discussion of those proposal topics in our engagements for the following year. Feedback received through management s discussions with investors, as well as engagement with proxy advisory firms that represent the interests of a wide array of shareholders, is reported to and discussed with our board. In addition, many of the changes to our governance, sustainability, and compensation programs implemented over the last several years have been directly informed by views and insights gathered through our prior engagement efforts and our review of current market practices. Who We Engage: Institutional shareholders Sell-side analysts Retail shareholders and shareholder advocates Fixed income investors Proxy advisory firms Governance and sustainability thought leaders How We Engage: Quarterly earnings calls Investor conferences Annual shareholder meetings Investor roadshows, on-site visits and virtual meetings One-on-one meetings How We Communicate: Annual report Proxy statement SEC filings Press releases Company website Investor presentations Global Responsibility Report Commitment to Transparency Our board is provided with our shareholders feedback for consideration Our website disclosures address critical matters of interest to our stakeholders Political activity/political spending Global Responsibility Report Sustainability EE0-1 Report GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Shareholder Engagement As part of our 2025 shareholder engagement program we conducted shareholder outreach covering a number of areas, including the following, and incorporated such feedback into discussions with our board: the strategic rationale for the Worldpay acquisition, which closed in January 2026; financial performance and capital allocation considerations; and governance and executive compensation matters. In addition, we provided shareholders with detailed information in our 2025 proxy on executive compensation, director overboarding, political spending and other matters. 14 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Philosophy Our executive compensation program is designed not only to retain and attract highly qualified and effective executives, but also to motivate them to substantially contribute to Global Payments future success for the long-term benefit of shareholders and team members and reward such executives for doing so. Accordingly, our board and Compensation Committee believe that there should be a strong relationship between pay and corporate performance (both financial results and stock price), and our executive compensation program reflects this belief. Compensation Practices What We Do What We Don t Do Tie pay to financial and share price performance Employ robust goal-setting process to align goals with Company strategy Retain an independent compensation consultant Benchmark against our peer group Conduct an annual say-on-pay vote Adjust performance metrics under our short-term incentive plan to reflect acquisition and disposition impacts Require Compensation Committee certification of performance results for purposes of NEOs compensation Payouts under our short-term incentive plan and long-term PSUs are capped at 200% of target Employ double-trigger change-in-control compensation Maintain a comprehensive clawback policy that requires the Company to recover incentive compensation in the event of an accounting restatement Impose minimum stock ownership thresholds as a percentage of base salary (CEO, 600%; all other NEOs, 400%) and holding periods until such thresholds are met Engage with our shareholders on executive compensation and communicate feedback to our board Provide for excise tax gross-ups Permit hedging or pledging of our stock Re-price or backdate stock options or issue discounted stock options or SARs Permit liberal share recycling or net share counting upon exercise of stock options or SARs Pay dividend equivalent rights on PSUs Provide excessive perquisites, benefits or severance benefits Count unexercised options (vested or unvested) and unearned PSUs towards satisfaction of stock ownership guidelines GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS How our Compensation Program Supports our Business Strategy Core Component Objective Features Page Salary Base Salary Base salaries are intended to provide compensation consistent with our NEOs responsibilities, experience and performance in relation to the marketplace. 68 Short-Term Cash Incentives Annual Cash Incentives Our annual short-term performance plan rewards short-term Company performance, while aligning the interests of our NEOs with those of our shareholders. Our annual cash incentives are based on annual financial performance objectives established by our Compensation Committee. Final payout is based on our Compensation Committee s analysis and certification of the Company s performance against the pre-established goals. 68 Long-Term Equity Incentives Performance Stock Units (PSUs) PSUs vest after a three-year performance period, based on EPS and relative total shareholder return (TSR) results. PSUs incentivize the achievement of long-term performance objectives and share price performance to align our NEOs economic interests with those of our shareholders. 72 Stock Options Stock options vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date. Stock options are intended to provide a strong incentive for creation of long-term shareholder value, as stock options may be exercised for a profit only to the extent the price of our stock appreciates after the grant date. 73 Restricted Stock Restricted stock granted as part of our annual compensation program vests in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date. Time-based restricted stock provides a retentive element to our compensation program, while tying the value of the award to the performance of our stock. 73 2025 Compensation Highlights The following charts show the mix of total target compensation in 2025 for Mr. Bready and the average of our other continuing NEOs, as well as the portion of compensation that is subject to forfeiture ( at risk ) or performance-based. 16 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Commitment to Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Global Payments recognizes its responsibility as a global corporate citizen to operate in a responsible and sustainable manner. We prioritize transparency in our actions and reporting, including reporting sustainability information using the Sustainability Accounting Standards (SASB) and Task Force on Climate-Related Financing Disclosures (TCFD) frameworks in our Global Responsibility Report . In 2025, we published our annual Global Responsibility Report (which is not incorporated into this proxy statement), which sets forth our four Global Responsibility Pillars of Culture Values , Environmental Sustainability , Community Impact, and Corporate Responsibility . The following reflects a summary of these policies and recent initiatives. Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Oversight Our board oversees our integrated sustainability strategy and activities at both the full board and committee levels, with our Governance and Nominating Committee having formal oversight of these matters, as reflected in the committee s charter. To advance our sustainability initiatives, our management steering committee, which is comprised of Company leaders from a variety of interested business functions, reports to our Governance and Nominating Committee on sustainability matters. This management steering committee serves as a central coordinating body, facilitating our integrated sustainability strategy and reporting efforts. In addition, our Compensation Committee oversees our strategies and policies related to human capital management and assists our full board with oversight with respect to our People, Access, and Belonging efforts. GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Highlights Throughout the year, we have made significant progress towards our objectives. Some highlights across these objectives include: Human Capital Management and Culture Disclosed in our annual Global Responsibility Report voluntary team member attrition rate details . Followed our 2024 organizational health index survey with a 2025 Company-wide pulse survey to measure our progress and understand our current practices, organizational strengths, and highlight areas for improvement. Feedback from this survey helped us to better gauge core strengths and areas for improvement. It has also proven to be a valuable source of insights for our management and board in formulating strategies and initiatives aimed at addressing key areas identified. Routinely disclose our Company s EEO-1 report statistics. Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) continue to grow . Our ERGs now consist of the Global Payments Ability Network, the Global Payments Somos Network, the Global Payments Pride Network, the Global Payments Onyx Network, the Global Payments Veterans Network, the Global Payments Lotus Network and the Global Payments Women s Network. Participation in the Company s ERGs is open to all employees. Environmental Sustainability In 2025, we took steps to embed sustainability deeper into our corporate strategy and day-to-day operations with establishing our global Environmental Sustainability Committee, which is composed of senior and executive leadership and led by our newly appointed Director of Sustainability. Our annual Global Responsibility Report is aligned with SASB and TCFD , and documents our progress on our sustainability commitments and initiatives. Continued updates to Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions disclosure across 11 different categories. Continued our submissions to CDP , providing transparent and standardized disclosures on the Company s climate impacts. Third-Party Recognition of our Corporate Responsibility Leadership Time: America s Best Midsize Companies 2025 Newsweek: America s Most Responsible Companies 2025 Forbes: World s Best Employers 2025 We are proud to have been recognized by some of the most influential publications and organizations around the world with the above notable awards since the beginning of 2025. Scored 100% on the Human Rights Campaign s Corporate Equality Index , which is the national benchmarking tool on corporate policies and practices pertaining to LGBTQIA+ employees. Leadership Development, Culture and Human Capital Management Our overall workforce strategies are developed and managed by our Chief People, Culture and Change Officer, who reports directly to our CEO. More broadly, our board and our Compensation Committee provide oversight on certain culture and human capital management topics, including succession plans for critical talent. We regularly engage with our team members through a variety of forums, including periodic surveys, to help us understand their perspectives related to workplace culture, engagement, talent management and well-being and to inform our human capital strategies and initiatives. The results of all of these different methods of interactions 18 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS are also leveraged to further develop our talent management initiatives. Moreover, our board also reviews this critical feedback and receives updates on management s plans in response thereto. To support the realization of our vision and demonstrate our commitment to our employees, we have established the following mission, vision, and values: Talent Management and Retention We emphasize attracting and retaining highly skilled team members and having a workforce that is connected to the communities in which we work and live around the world. To that end, we have implemented programs and initiatives focused on enriching new hire experiences, developing team members through extensive training and professional development opportunities, including mentorship and leadership programs, promoting team members wellness and safety, and providing flexible work arrangements. Furthermore, we offer comprehensive and competitive pay and benefits packages, including paid parental leave, team member assistance, savings and retirement programs, and equity-based awards that vest over a period of time to support retention of key contributors. We also strive to celebrate and recognize the efforts of our team members through a combination of programs, including team appreciation activities and awards programs to honor top performers and notable contributors. Health and Well-Being The success of our business is connected to the well-being of our team members. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our team members worldwide, and we provide team members with various health and wellness programs and benefits, including employee education and assistance programs that focus on GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS physical, financial, family, social and emotional resources such as our Wellness Week, which is designed to support the holistic well-being of our team members through education, a series of virtual engagement opportunities, and one paid day off to prioritize self care. Employee Growth and Development Our strategy to develop and retain the best talent includes an emphasis on team member development and training. We provide a variety of training and development opportunities to team members globally, including our online training platform that contains a vast array of tools and application resources for all team members to build learning experiences and skills. In order to help our team members strengthen the skills and behaviors needed for career advancement, our performance management program enables team members to drive their development with a focus on growth, performance, and well-being through regular meetings with their leaders. People, Access and Belonging Our Chief People, Culture and Change Officer is charged with developing, implementing and enhancing our efforts to provide access and belonging to all employees, and leads a dedicated and specialized team to do so. Our Compensation Committee assists our board in overseeing the Company s human capital initiatives, providing our board with regular updates. Our human capital strategy is centered around a focus on People, Access, and Belonging, which reflects our holistic approach to fostering an inclusive and empowering workplace across our global organization. These pillars guide our policies, practices and initiatives as we continue shaping a workplace culture that prioritizes engagement, equity, and collaboration, empowering individuals across our global footprint. Global Workforce Representation Our Company has always prided itself on inclusiveness and embraces all of its team members across its geographic regions. We conduct business around the world, with approximately 26,000 team members living and working in 37 countries. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 50% of our workforce resided in the Americas, 22% in Europe and 28% in Asia Pacific. These team member statistics include Issuer Solutions, which is classified as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements, but do not include Worldpay, which we acquired in January 2026. Many of our team members are highly skilled in technical areas specific to payment technology and software solutions. Additional information regarding our workforce, including the demographic data, can be found in our 2025 Global Responsibility Report, available on our investor relations website at https://investors.globalpayments.com/sustainability. 20 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Questions and Answers About Our 2026 Virtual Annual Meeting and this Proxy Statement 1. Why did I receive these materials? This proxy statement is being furnished to solicit proxies on behalf of our board of directors of our Company for use at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders and at any adjournments or postponements thereof. The 2026 annual meeting will be held virtually on Thursday, April 30, 2026 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time. 2. How to Join the Virtual Annual Meeting? Shareholders can attend the virtual 2026 annual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GPN2026 by entering the 16-digit control number included on their proxy card or notice that they previously received. If you hold your shares in street name and did not receive a 16-digit unique control number with your proxy materials, please contact your bank, broker, or other holder of record as soon as possible to obtain a valid legal proxy and for instructions on how to obtain a control number to be admitted to and to vote at the 2026 annual meeting. Online access to the webcast will open 15 minutes prior to the designated start time. Those who do not have a control number may attend as guests, but will not be able to vote shares or submit questions during the webcast. While voting during the virtual meeting will be permitted, Global Payments encourages shareholders to vote in advance of the meeting. Once you are admitted to the meeting as a shareholder, you may vote during the meeting and also submit questions by following the instructions available on the virtual meeting website during the meeting. Questions submitted must comply with the rules of conduct for the meeting, which will be available to shareholders on the virtual website. We reserve the right to exclude questions about topics that are not relevant to the meeting or the Company, or that do not comply with the rules of conduct for the meeting. The meeting webcast will begin promptly at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on Thursday, April 30, 2026. We encourage you to access the meeting prior to the start time, as check-in will begin at 8:45 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time. If you experience technical difficulties during the check-in process or during the meeting, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the virtual annual meeting log-in page for assistance. 3. What am I voting on and how does the board of directors recommend that I vote? Our board of directors recommends that you vote FOR proposals 1 through 3 and AGAINST proposal 4. Proposal 1: Election of each of the twelve directors nominated by our board Proposal 2: Approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of the NEOs for 2025. This proposal is referred to as the say-on-pay proposal Proposal 3: Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 Proposal 4: Advisory vote on a shareholder proposal regarding shareholder right to act by written consent 4. Could other matters be decided at the 2026 annual meeting? Yes. The shareholders may transact any other business that may properly come before the 2026 annual meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof. If any other matter properly comes before the meeting and you have submitted your proxy, the proxy holders will vote as recommended by our board or, if no recommendation is made, in their own discretion. 5. Why did I receive a mailed notice of internet availability of proxy materials instead of a full set of proxy materials? As permitted by the SEC, we are making this proxy statement and the 2025 Form 10-K available to our shareholders electronically via the internet. The notice contains instructions on how to access this proxy statement GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS and the 2025 Form 10-K and how to vote online or submit your proxy over the internet or by telephone. You will not receive a printed copy of the proxy materials in the mail unless you request one, which you may do by following the instructions contained in the notice. We encourage you to take advantage of the electronic availability of proxy materials to help reduce the cost and environmental impact of the 2026 annual meeting. 6. How do I vote? If you received a notice of electronic availability, that notice provides instructions on how to vote by internet, by telephone or by requesting and returning a paper proxy card. You may submit your proxy voting instructions via the internet or telephone by following the instructions provided in the notice. The internet and telephone voting procedures are designed to authenticate your identity, to allow you to vote your shares, and to confirm that your voting instructions are properly recorded. If your shares are held in the name of a bank or a broker, the availability of internet and telephone voting will depend on the voting processes of the bank or broker. Therefore, we recommend that you follow the instructions on the form you receive. If you received a printed version of the proxy materials by mail, you may vote by following the instructions provided with your proxy materials and on your proxy card. 7. What if I change my mind after I vote? Your submission of a proxy via the internet, by telephone or by mail does not affect your right to attend virtually the 2026 annual meeting. You may revoke your proxy before it is exercised in any of the following ways: Deliver written notice of revocation to our Corporate Secretary at 3550 Lenox Road, Suite 3000, Atlanta, Georgia 30326, or submit to us a duly executed proxy card bearing a later date. To be effective, your notice of revocation or new proxy card must be received by our Corporate Secretary, Dara Steele-Belkin, at or before the start of the 2026 annual meeting. Change your vote via the internet or by telephone at a later date. To be effective, your vote must be received before 11:59 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on April 29, 2026, the day before the 2026 annual meeting. Change your vote at the meeting by logging into www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GPN2026. 8. Who is entitled to vote? All shareholders who own shares of our common stock at the close of business on March 9, 2026 are entitled to vote at the 2026 annual meeting. On that date, there were 275,243,013 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, held by approximately 10,434 shareholders of record. Shareholders are entitled to one vote per share. 9. How many votes must be present to hold the 2026 annual meeting? In order for any business to be conducted, a majority of votes entitled to be cast at the 2026 annual meeting must be represented either in person by logging into the virtual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ GPN2026 or by proxy. This is referred to as a quorum. Abstentions and broker non-votes (described below) will be treated as present for purposes of establishing a quorum. If a quorum is not present, the 2026 annual meeting may be adjourned by the holders of a majority of the shares represented at the 2026 annual meeting. The 2026 annual meeting may be rescheduled at the time of the adjournment with no further notice of the reconvened meeting if the date, time and place of the reconvened meeting are announced at the adjourned meeting before its adjournment; provided, however, that if a new record date is or must be fixed, notice of the reconvened meeting must be given to the shareholders of record as of the new record date. An adjournment will have no effect on the business to be conducted at the meeting. 10. What are the voting standards for the proposals? The following table provides information about the votes needed to approve each proposal. A majority of votes cast means the number of shares voted FOR the proposal exceeds the number of shares voted AGAINST the proposal. 22 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Item of Business Board Recommendation Voting Approval Standard Effect of Abstention Effect of Broker Non-Vote 1: Election of directors FOR each director nominee Majority of votes cast None None 2: Say-on-pay FOR Majority of votes cast None None 3: Ratification of the appointment of Deloitte as our independent registered public accounting firm FOR Majority of votes cast None N/A 4: Shareholder Proposal AGAINST Majority of votes cast None None 11. What is the difference between a shareholder of record and a beneficial owner of shares held in street name? Shareholders of record. If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare, you are the shareholder of record with respect to those shares, and we sent the notice of electronic availability directly to you. If you request copies of the proxy materials by mail, you will receive a proxy card. Beneficial owners of shares held in street name. If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer or other similar organization, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in street name, and the notice of electronic availability was forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding your account is considered the shareholder of record for purposes of voting at the 2026 annual meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct that organization on how to vote the shares held in your account. If you request copies of the proxy materials by mail, you will receive a voting instruction form. 12. What happens if I do not return a proxy or do not give specific voting instructions? Shareholders of record. If you are a shareholder of record and you do not vote via the internet, by telephone or by mail, your shares will not be voted unless you vote during the virtual meeting. If you are a shareholder of record and you sign and return a proxy card without giving specific voting instructions, then your shares will be voted in the manner recommended by our board of directors on all matters presented in this proxy statement and as the proxy holders may determine in their discretion with respect to any other matters properly presented for a vote at the 2026 annual meeting. Beneficial owners of shares held in street name. If you hold your shares in street name and do not provide voting instructions to your broker, your broker will have the discretionary authority to vote your shares only on proposals that are considered routine. The only proposal at the 2026 annual meeting that is considered routine is the ratification of the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the other proposals are considered non-routine, which means that your broker will not have the discretionary authority to vote your shares with respect to such proposals. Shares for which you do not provide voting instructions and a broker lacks discretionary voting authority are referred to as broker non-votes. Broker non-votes are counted as present for the purpose of establishing a quorum. 13. What should I do if I receive more than one proxy or voting instruction card? Shareholders may receive more than one set of voting materials, including multiple copies of the notice of electronic availability, these proxy materials and proxy cards or voting instruction cards. For example, shareholders who hold shares in more than one brokerage account may receive separate notices for each brokerage account in which shares are held. Shareholders of record whose shares are registered in more than one name will also receive more than one notice. You should vote in accordance with all of the notices you receive to ensure that all of your shares are counted. 14. Who pays the cost of proxy solicitation? The cost of soliciting proxies will be borne by us. However, shareholders voting electronically (via phone or the internet) should understand that there may be costs associated with electronic access, such as usage charges from GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS internet service providers or telephone companies. In addition to solicitation of shareholders of record by mail, telephone or personal contact, arrangements will be made with brokerage houses to furnish proxy materials to their principals, and we may reimburse them for mailing expenses. Custodians and fiduciaries will be supplied with proxy materials to forward to beneficial owners of common stock. 15. May I propose actions for consideration at next year s annual shareholder meeting ? Proposals for Inclusion in Next Year s Proxy Statement (Rule 14a-8): SEC rules permit shareholders to submit proposals for inclusion in our proxy statement if the shareholder and the proposal meet the requirements specified in Rule 14a-8 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. Proposals submitted in accordance with Rule 14a-8 for inclusion in our proxy statement for the 2027 annual shareholder meeting must be received by our Corporate Secretary no later than close of business on November 17, 2026, which is 120 days before the one-year anniversary of the mailing of this proxy statement. Director Nominees for Inclusion in Next Year s Proxy Statement (Proxy Access): Our bylaws permit a shareholder (or a group of no more than 20 shareholders) owning 3% or more of the voting power of all shares of our issued and outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate up to an aggregate limit of two candidates or 20% of our board (whichever is greater) for inclusion in our proxy statement. Notice of such nominees must be received no earlier than October 18, 2026 and no later than close of business on November 17, 2026. Other Business Proposals/Director Nominees: Our bylaws also set forth the procedures that a shareholder must follow to nominate a candidate for election as a director or to propose other business for consideration at shareholder meetings, in each case, not submitted for inclusion in next year s proxy statement (either under proxy access or Rule 14a-8), but instead to be presented directly at shareholder meetings. In each case, director nominations or proposals for other business for consideration at the 2027 annual shareholder meeting submitted under these bylaw provisions must be received by our Corporate Secretary between October 18, 2026 and November 17, 2026. Special notice provisions apply under our bylaws if the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or 60 days after the anniversary date. Universal Proxy Rules: In addition to satisfying the requirements under our bylaws, to comply with the universal proxy rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Company s nominees for consideration at the 2027 annual shareholder meeting must provide notice that sets forth the information acquired by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act no later than November 17, 2026, which is 120 days before the one year anniversary of the mailing of this proxy statement. Our Corporate Secretary address is: 3550 Lenox Road, Suite 3000, Atlanta, GA 30326. Notice must include the information required by our bylaws, which are available without charge upon written request to our Corporate Secretary. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Exchange Act and is subject to the safe harbors created therein. The forward-looking statements contained herein are generally identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, committed, ensure, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on currently available information. Accordingly, our future plans and expectations may not be achieved, and our results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements as a result of many known and unknown factors, many of which are beyond our ability to predict or control. A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the 2025 Form 10-K and in other documents that we file with the SEC. We undertake no responsibility to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, except as required by law. 24 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal One: Election of Directors for a One-Year Term 2026 Nominees for Directors In accordance with the Company s charter and bylaws, members of our Board stand for election each year. On September 24, 2025, the board increased the size of our board from ten to twelve directors and appointed Patricia Patty Watson and Archana Archie Deskus as new directors of the Company. On February 16, 2026, the board increased the size of our board from twelve to thirteen directors and appointed Vivek Sankaran as a new director of the Company. Mr. Sankaran s appointment was effective February 19, 2026. As determined by our board and consistent with the recommendation of our Governance and Nominating Committee, twelve directors will stand for election at the 2026 annual meeting. Mr. Baldwin will continue as a director through the 2026 annual meeting, when his current term expires. Our board has approved a reduction in the number of directors constituting our board from thirteen to twelve members, effective immediately following the closing of the polls for the election of directors at the 2026 annual meeting. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the nominees named. Our board believes that the skills, experience, and personal qualities of the director nominees, as described below, will continue to contribute to an effective and well-functioning board. Included in each director nominee s biography is a description of select key qualifications and experiences that led our board to conclude that each nominee is qualified to serve as a member of our board. All biographical information below is as of the date hereof. For information on the factors our board considers when evaluating candidates for nomination, see Board and Corporate Governance Board Membership Criteria on page 42. Election Process The Company has a majority of the votes cast standard to elect directors in uncontested elections of directors, such as this election. Under the Company s bylaws, a nominee must receive a greater number of votes FOR than AGAINST his or her election. If an uncontested nominee who is already a director receives more AGAINST votes than FOR votes, that director will continue to serve as a holdover director, but is required to tender his or her resignation to our board. If the tendered resignation does not expressly require acceptance by our board, the resignation will become effective immediately, or upon the date set forth in the resignation, and there will be a vacancy on our board upon the effective date of the resignation. If the tendered resignation specifies that it is not effective until accepted by our board, our board has the discretion to accept or reject the resignation. In such a case, our Governance and Nominating Committee will promptly consider the tendered resignation and recommend to our board whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation. The Company will publicly disclose our board s decision within 90 days from the date of the certification of the election results. In each case, the director nominee, if elected, will serve a shorter term in the event of his or her resignation, retirement, disqualification, or removal from office or death. In the event that any of the nominees is unable to serve (which is not anticipated), the persons designated as proxies will cast votes for such other person(s) as they may select, subject to the guidelines set forth above. If a choice is specified on the proxy card by a shareholder, the shares will be voted as specified. If no specification is made, the shares will be voted FOR each of the nominees. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF ALL OF THE NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR. GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominee Biographies M. Troy Woods Independent Chair of the Board Age: 75 1 Committee(s): Integration Current Public Company Directorship(s): None Director Since: 2019 Prior Public Company Directorship(s) in the Past Five Years: None Select Professional and Community Contributions: Member, board of directors of the YMCA of Metropolitan Columbus, GA, a non-profit youth organization that offers programs to support youth development Member, Business Roundtable, a non-profit association of executives of major US companies Member, board of trustees, Mercer University Top Skills and Qualifications: Industry Knowledge and Experience. Mr. Woods brings extensive knowledge and expertise in payments and financial services through a 30-year career at Total System Services, Inc. (TSYS), which merged with Global Payments in 2019. As former CEO of TSYS, Mr. Woods brings a deep understanding of public company leadership and the business and operations of the payment technology industry. Leadership and Senior Management Experience. Mr. Woods has significant experience leading and managing large corporations having served in executive-level positions, including CEO, at TSYS prior to its merger with Global Payments. Strategic Planning and Mergers and Acquisitions. Mr. Woods has extensive and valuable core business knowledge and experience in strategic planning, business development and mergers and acquisitions, with a strong ability to evaluate integration plans , which he gained from successfully overseeing global strategy, expansion efforts, and performance at TSYS. Career Highlights: Former Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer of TSYS (2014 2019); President and Chief Operating Officer (2003 2014); Executive Vice President (1995 2003); Vice President (1987 1995) 1 Mr. Woods was nominated by our board prior to his 75th birthday, in accordance with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. 26 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Cameron M. Bready Chief Executive Officer Age: 54 Committee(s): Integration (Chair) Current Public Company Directorship(s): Crawford Company Director Since: 2023 Prior Public Company Directorship(s) in the Past Five Years: None Select Professional and Community Contributions: Member of the board of directors of The Electronic Transaction Association (since 2018, and formerly President of the Board) Member of the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce (since 2021) Member of the board of trustees of Woodruff Arts Center (since 2024) Member of the board of trustees of Pace Academy (since 2019, and formerly Vice Chairman) Member of the Business Roundtable (since 2023) Top Skills and Qualifications: Leadership and Senior Management Experience. Mr. Bready brings a demonstrated breadth and depth of management and leadership experience , providing a deep understanding of market dynamics and organizational management, having led at the highest levels as a senior executive at Global Payments and ITC Holdings Corp. Accounting and Finance. In addition to his strategic vision, Mr. Bready has significant background in accounting and finance having previously served as Chief Financial Officer of ITC Holdings Corp. and Global Payments. While serving as CFO of Global Payments, Mr. Bready was recognized for his financial leadership, vision and execution. Industry Knowledge and Experience. Mr. Bready provides extensive knowledge of the payments and financial services industries, as well as a deep and comprehensive understanding of the Company s customers and service offerings, derived from his extensive experience in current and former financial, operational and strategic roles. A noted leader in the payments industry, Mr. Bready has served as a member of the board of the directors of the Electronic Transaction Association, including as President of the Board. Career Highlights: Chief Executive Officer of Global Payments (since June 2023) Former President and Chief Operating Officer of Global Payments, overseeing the Company s worldwide merchant solutions businesses across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America, along with worldwide operations, risk management, product and real estate (2019 2023) Former Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Global Payments (2014 2019) Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, ITC Holdings Corp., a publicly-traded independent electric transmission company (2012 2014) GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS F. Thaddeus Arroyo Independent Director Age: 62 Committee(s): Technology (Chair) Governance and Nominating Current Public Company Directorship(s): None Director Since: 2019 Prior Public Company Directorship(s) in the Past Five Years: None Select Professional and Community Contributions: Member, board of directors of the National Center for Women Information Technology, a non-profit organization that works to increase participation of women in computing Member, executive advisory board, SMU Cox School of Business Top Skills and Qualifications: Cybersecurity and Information Security. Mr. Arroyo brings substantial experience managing information security, cybersecurity, and technology-related risks as a former CIO. As a former executive at AT T, Mr. Arroyo brings a thoughtful approach balancing global risk management while leading technological initiatives. Technology, Digital Transformation and Innovation. Mr. Arroyo brings significant experience in technology and digital innovation . Having served as both CIO and Chief Strategy and Development Officer at AT T, Mr. Arroyo has expertise in transforming technology strategy and leading digital innovation. Strategic Planning and Mergers and Acquisitions. Mr. Arroyo brings substantial expertise in developing and executing business strategies, strategic planning and mergers and acquisitions . In his service as Chief Strategy and Development Officer at AT T, Mr. Arroyo led business development plans and strategic integration projects to foster growth and development. Career Highlights: Former Chief Strategy and Development Officer of AT T, Inc., a Fortune 100 company and leading global telecommunications company, where he oversaw corporate strategy, corporate development, venture investments and business development (2022 2026) Former Chief Executive Officer of AT T Consumer, the consumer internet, video entertainment and mobility business of AT T (2019 2022); Chief Executive Officer of AT T Business, the integrated global Business Solutions organization of AT T (2017 2019); Chief Executive Officer of AT T Mexico, LLC (2015 2016); President-Technology Development of AT T (2014 2015); Chief Information Officer of AT T (2007 2014) 28 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS John G. Bruno Independent Director Age: 61 Committee(s): Compensation (Chair) Technology Current Public Company Directorship(s): Xerox Holdings Corp. Director Since: 2014 Prior Public Company Directorships in the Past Five Year(s): Valor Latitude Acquisition Corp. Top Skills and Qualifications: Leadership and Senior Management Experience. Mr. Bruno brings extensive experience leading large corporations and multinational businesses. In his current role as CEO of National Veterinary Associates and across his prior roles as President and COO at Xerox, CEO of Storm Ventures, and COO at Aon, Mr. Bruno has driven growth and development , built and realized strategic plans, and optimized shareholder value. Human Capital Management. A forward-looking and strategic executive, Mr. Bruno brings substantial experience leading teams of employees, recruiting and retaining talent , and developing strategies to identify and compensate leaders. Mr. Bruno provides an experienced approach to talent management to our Compensation Committee. Technology, Digital Transformation and Innovation. Mr. Bruno brings significant experience leading complex technology and business transformations and pursuing innovation in digital environments. In his roles at Xerox and Aon, Mr Bruno led strategic technology initiatives to drive growth and innovation and chaired the Integration Committee (Xerox). Career Highlights: Chief Executive Officer, National Veterinary Associates (2025 present) Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Xerox Holdings Corp., a Fortune 500 company (2022 2025) Former CEO and Managing Partner of Storm Ventures, LLC, a privately-held expert advisory management consulting firm (2021 2022) Former Chief Operating Officer and Chief Executive Officer of the Data Analytics Services business unit of Aon, plc, a publicly-traded global risk management service provider (2019 2021); Chief Operations Officer (2017 2019); Executive Vice President of Enterprise Innovation and Chief Information Officer (2014 2017) Former President, Industry Solutions and Field Operations, NCR Corporation, a publicly traded technology company (2013 2014), where Mr. Bruno chaired the company s Enterprise Risk Management Committee; Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Chief Technology Officer (2008 2013) GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Archana Deskus Independent Director Age: 60 Committee(s): Technology Integration Current Public Company Directorship(s): Cognizant Director Since: 2025 Prior Public Company Directorships in the Past Five Year(s): None Select Professional and Community Contributions: Director, East West Bank (Oct. 2019 Present) Director, East West Bancorp, Inc., (Oct. 2019 Present) Former Director, Datastax (Aug. 2022 May 2025) Board member for the non-profit Junior Achievement of Southeast Texas Advisory board member for the Data Science Institute of the University of Houston Top Skills and Qualifications: Technology, Digital Transformation and Innovation. Ms. Deskus has significant experience working in technology, anticipating technological trends and generating disruptive innovation, having led enterprise-wide technology digital transformation initiatives to accelerate growth, operational excellence, and productivity at multiple companies including Paypal, Intel, Hewlett Packard, and Baker Hughes. Cybersecurity and Information Security. Ms. Deskus brings extensive experience identifying and managing cybersecurity and information security risks . As the former Chief Information Officer or Chief Technology Officer at Paypal, Intel, Hewlett Packard and Baker Hughes, Ms. Deskus has led global risk management teams in mitigating technology security risks. Public Company Experience. Ms. Deskus brings a developed understanding of the financial, technological and operational issues that are unique to public companies . Having served in executive roles at multiple public companies, including Paypal, Intel, and Hewlett Packard, she brings deep experience advancing public companies growth and development. Career Highlights: Former EVP, Chief Technology Officer (2023 2024); EVP, Chief Information Officer, Paypal (2022 2023) Former SVP, Chief Information Officer, Intel Corporation (2020 2022) Former SVP, Chief Information Officer, Hewlett Packard Enterprise (2017 2020) Former VP, Chief Information Officer, Baker Hughes (2013 2017) 30 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Joia M. Johnson Independent Director Age: 66 Committee(s): Compensation Governance and Nominating Current Public Company Directorship(s): Regions Financial Corporation Sylvamo Corporation Brown Brown, Inc. Director Since: 2019 Prior Public Company Directorship(s) in the Past Five Year(s): None Select Professional and Community Contributions: Board member and past Chair of the American Arbitration Association, the world s largest provider of alternative dispute resolution services Board member and Chair of the Atlanta Historical Society, Inc. Board member, Treasurer and Chair of the Finance Committee of the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra Board member and Executive Committee member of the Atlantic Council, a foreign policy think tank Board member of Grady Memorial Hospital Corporation Top Skills and Qualifications: Risk Management. Ms. Johnson brings extensive experience identifying and navigating complex legal, regulatory and operational risks . As a former General Counsel and legal executive, Ms. Johnson provides a balanced approach and focuses on managing enterprise risks while pursuing innovation. Human Capital Management. Ms. Johnson brings substantial human capital management experience encompassing recruitment, retention, succession planning for key roles, and development and compensation matters for employees, including for employees with diverse skills and backgrounds, which she gained through her leadership roles as Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel for Hanesbrands and the General Counsel for RARE Hospitality International, Inc. Regulatory Compliance. Ms. Johnson brings extensive experience navigating complex legal and regulatory landscapes and managing regulatory compliance obligations. As a former General Counsel of publicly traded companies, Ms. Johnson brings focus to legislative and regulatory trends, and understands the importance of a corporate culture that has a compliance-focused mindset. Career Highlights: Former Chief Administrative Officer (2016 2021) and General Counsel and Secretary (2007 2021), Hanesbrands, Inc., a publicly traded marketer of innerwear and activewear apparel Former Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, RARE Hospitality International, Inc., a publicly traded restaurant franchise owner and operator (2001 2007) Member of the board of directors of Novant Health, a private network of clinics, outpatient services and hospitals GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Kirsten M. Kliphouse Independent Director Age: 59 Committee(s): Governance Nominating Technology Current Public Company Directorship(s): Labcorp Holdings Inc. (LabCorp.) Director Since: 2023 Prior Public Company Directorship(s) in the Past Five Years: Dun Bradstreet (2023 2025) Vimeo, Inc. (2025) Select Professional and Community Contributions: Recipient of the Founders Award for superior leadership and contributions to Microsoft, Inc. Top Skills and Qualifications: Cybersecurity and Information Security. Ms. Kliphouse brings strong cybersecurity, global incident response, and information technology experience gained through her role as President of Google Cloud Americas, as well as her prior executive roles at Red Hat, Inc., and Microsoft. Ms. Kliphouse is a leader in the field of cybersecurity oversight and is certified by the National Association of Corporate Directors. Technology, Digital Transformation and Innovation. Ms. Kliphouse brings significant experience working in technology, resulting in deep knowledge of how to anticipate technological trends and generate disruptive innovation , having delivered growth, digital transformation and innovation to several of the world s largest global organizations, including Google and Microsoft. Global Business Experience. Ms. Kliphouse has a strong depth and breadth of international experience and a keen understanding of the cultures of countries outside the United States , especially within the technology sector and in the context of multinational expansion, executing mergers and acquisitions and business development plans, which she gained through her leadership roles as President of Google Cloud Americas, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Red Hat, CEO of Yardarm Technologies, and Corporate Vice President of Microsoft. Career Highlights: Former President of Google Cloud Americas (2022 2023) Former President of Google Cloud North America (2019 2022) Former Senior Vice President and General Manager of Red Hat, Inc., a subsidiary of International Business Machines Corporation (2018 2019) Former CEO of Yardarm Technologies, a hardware and software solutions company (2017 2017) Former Corporate Vice President for customer services, support and success of Microsoft (1991 2016) 32 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Connie D. McDaniel Independent Director Former Lead Independent Director Age: 67 Committee(s): Governance and Nominating (Chair) Audit Current Public Company Directorship(s): None Director Since: 2019 Prior Public Company Directorship(s) in the Past Five Years: None Select Professional and Community Contributions: Member, board of directors of the North Florida Land Trust, a non-profit organization focused on land preservation Received the Service to Georgia State University s J. Mack Robinson College of Business Award (2010) and the Georgia State University Distinguished Alumni Award (2016) Named by Treasury Risk Magazine as one of the Top 100 Most Influential People in Finance (2007) Notable Skills and Qualifications: Accounting and Finance. Ms. McDaniel brings extensive experience in corporate finance, financial accounting, and financial management , having served as Vice President, Global Finance Transformation and Vice President, Controller at The Coca-Cola Company. Across her career, she has led initiatives to elevate global financial capabilities, strengthen financial integrity and enhance operational efficiencies. Public Company Experience. Ms. McDaniel brings significant understanding of the financial and reporting requirements of public companies and experience navigating the strategic and operational challenges that are unique to public companies. Across her career as a finance and audit executive at The Coca-Cola Company, she led with a focus on promoting and protecting the company s public image, reputation and brand. Regulatory Compliance. Ms. McDaniel brings strong experience navigating complex legal and regulatory issues, compliance obligations, and governmental policies in multiple jurisdictions, including while serving as the Chief of Internal Audit at The Coca-Cola Company where she led global risk assessments and audit oversight, while navigating financial, legal, and regulatory risks. Career Highlights: Chair of the board of the Virtus Mutual Funds Board (since 2025, member of the board since 2017) Former Vice President and Chief of Internal Audit, The Coca-Cola Company (2009 2013) and its Vice President, Global Finance Transformation (2007 2009) and Vice President and Controller (1999 2007) GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Joseph H. Osnoss Independent Director Age: 48 Committee(s): Compensation Integration Current Public Company Directorship(s): EverCommerce Inc. First Advantage Corporation (Chair of the Board) Director Since: 2022 Prior Public Company Directorship(s) in the Past Five Years: Global Blue Group Holding AG Sabre Corporation Far Point Acquisition Corporation Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. Zuora, Inc. Select Professional and Community Contributions: Visiting Professor in Practice at the London School of Economics Participant in The Polsky Center Private Equity Council at the University of Chicago Member of the Advisory Board at Stanford University Research Initiative on Long-Term Investing Trustee of Brunswick School Top Skills and Qualifications: Public Company Experience. Mr. Osnoss brings significant experience navigating the issues commonly faced by public companies . As a current and former director of numerous public companies including EverCommerce Inc., First Advantage Corporation, and Global Blue Group Holding AG, Mr. Osnoss brings a breadth of experience to anticipating and navigating the financial, operational and strategic considerations unique to public companies. Strategic Planning and Mergers and Acquisitions. Mr. Osnoss brings substantial experience in planning and executing mergers and acquisitions and in realizing the benefits of transactions through well-developed strategy and integration planning . In his executive-level roles at Silver Lake and his prior experience at Goldman, Sachs Co., he has optimized business development opportunities through strategic planning and vision. Technology, Digital Transformation and Innovation. Mr. Osnoss also brings a background and experience working in technology and understands how to anticipate technological trends and generate disruptive innovation , which he gained through his executive-level roles at Silver Lake and his prior experience at Goldman Sachs. As a leader of a global technology investment firm, he brings substantial expertise in identifying opportunities for technological growth, investment and innovation. Career Highlights: Managing Partner, Silver Lake, a global technology investment firm (since 2019), and other roles since 2002 Former Investment Banker, Goldman, Sachs Co. 34 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS William B. Plummer Independent Director Age: 67 Committee(s): Audit (Chair) Current Public Company Directorship(s): Waste Management Inc. Director Since: 2017 Prior Public Company Directorship(s) in the Past Five Years: Custom Truck One Source, Inc. (f/k/a Nesco Holdings, Inc.) Mason Industrial Technology Select Professional and Community Contributions: Recognized as one of the U.S. Best CFOs by Institutional Investor Magazine and one of the 100 Most Powerful Executives in corporate America by Black Enterprise Magazine Top Skills and Qualifications: Accounting and Finance. Mr. Plummer has extensive financial and accounting expertise, with significant experience in corporate finance, financial accounting, and financial management , which he acquired through his service as Chief Financial Officer of United Rentals, Inc. and Dow Jones Company, and enables him to provide strong leadership and informed oversight of the Company s operational performance, financial reporting processes, and strategic development initiatives. Public Company Experience. Mr. Plummer brings significant experience managing the financial responsibilities, reporting requirements and audit framework of public companies , which he developed through his service as Chief Financial Officer of United Rentals and Dow Jones Company. Risk Management. Mr. Plummer has extensive experience managing and mitigating financial and operational risks . As a former CFO of Dow Jones Company and United Rentals Inc., he brings a keen understanding of the importance of global risk management to our Audit Committee. Career Highlights: Director of Imperial Bag Paper (dba Imperial Date), Inc., a privately held food service distribution company (since 2024) Director of Venture Metals, Inc., a privately held metal recycling company (since 2019) Former Chairman of the board of Cisco Equipment, a privately held equipment solutions provider and rental company (2019 2021) Former Senior advisor to United Rentals Inc., a publicly traded equipment rental company (2018 2019), and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2008 2018) Former Chief Financial Officer, Dow Jones Company, Inc. (2006 2007) GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Vivek Sankaran Independent Director Age: 63 Committee(s): Audit Compensation Current Public Company Directorship(s): None Director Since: 2026 Prior Public Company Directorship(s) in the Past Five Years: Albertsons Companies, Inc. (2019 2025) Select Professional and Community Contributions: Serves on the board of Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, a mutual insurance company offering a comprehensive range of protection and financial wellness products Top Skills and Qualifications: Leadership and Senior Management Experience. Mr. Sankaran brings extensive breadth and depth of management experience through his roles as CEO at Albertsons Companies and Frito-Lay North America and his other executive-level roles at PepsiCo and Frito-Lay. Mr. Sankaran provides a seasoned approach to guiding and driving growth within large corporations. Global Business Experience. Mr. Sankaran has significant experience with multinational businesses in international markets gained as an executive at PepsiCo and as a partner at McKinsey Co. Mr. Sankaran understands the challenges and opportunities of leading corporations that operate across different corporate cultures. Human Capital Management. Mr. Sankaran has strong experience managing employee workforces, and as a former chief executive officer, he understands the critical role of recruiting, compensating, and retaining talent in an organization . Career Highlights: Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Albertsons Companies, Inc. (2019 2025) Former Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Foods N.A. (2019 2019) Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Frito Lay N.A. (2016 2019) Former Chief Commercial Officer, PepsiCo N.A. (2014 2016) Former Chief Customer Officer, Frito-Lay N.A. (2012 2014) Former Senior Vice President, South Division, Frito-Lay N.A. (2011 2012) Former Chief Strategy Officer, Global, PepsiCo (2009 2011) Former Partner, North American Retail Practice Leadership and Co-Lead, Purchasing Supply Management Practice, N.A., McKinsey Company Inc. (1993 2008) 36 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Patricia A. Watson Independent Director Age: 59 Committee(s): Audit Integration Current Public Company Directorship(s): Southwest Airlines Rockwell Automation Director Since: 2025 Prior Public Company Directorship(s) in the Past Five Years: Texas Capital Bancshares Select Professional and Community Contributions: Served on the boards of USAA Federal Savings Bank and Texas Capital Bancshares Captain, U.S. Air Force, serving as a contracting and acquisition officer, delivering aircraft technology systems, Flight Commander, and as a director of operations Top Skills and Qualifications: Industry Experience. Ms. Watson has extensive experience leading payments and financial services companies as a former executive at NCR Atleos, NCR Corporation, Total System Services (TSYS) and Bank of America. Ms. Watson brings deep knowledge and understanding of payment processing and its position within financial services and consumer commerce. Risk Management. Ms. Watson brings extensive experience identifying and managing technology and security risks . Across her roles as Chief Information Officer at TSYS and NCR, Ms. Watson has overseen the monitoring and management of global risks that can impact organizations. Cybersecurity and Information Security. Ms. Watson brings a wealth of experience and knowledge in cybersecurity and information security, including in the area of global risk management , which she gained while serving in numerous senior technology roles, including as Chief Information Officer of NCR Corporation, President of Cloud Collaboration and Enterprise Collaboration at Intrado Corporation, Global Chief Information Officer at Total Systems Services, and Chief Information Officer at The Brink s Company. Career Highlights: Former EVP, Chief Information and Technology Officer at NCR Alteos Corporation (2023 2024) Former Chief Information Officer of NCR Corporation (2022 2023) Former President of Cloud Collaboration and Enterprise Collaboration, Intrado Corporation (2020 2022) Former Global Chief Information Officer at Total System Services (TSYS) (2015 2019) Held senior technology leadership roles at Bank of America and served as CIO of The Brink s Company GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board of Directors, its Committees, Meetings and Functions Corporate Governance Effective Board Leadership Structure Our Chair and Chief Executive Officer roles have been separated since 2013, a structure that, in the board s current view, allows our Chief Executive Officer to focus his time and energy on strategy and operations. At the same time, given his experience in the industry and prior roles at TSYS, our independent Chair is an effective liaison between the board and senior management and leads the board in its oversight responsibilities. The board views this current configuration as enabling seamless communication and collaboration between management and the board, promoting effective governance. Although the board believes this structure is in the Company s best interest at the present time, the board may combine these positions in the future should circumstances change. The board does not have a policy that addresses whether the roles of Chair and Chief Executive Officer should be separate or combined. The Company s corporate governance guidelines provide that, if the Chair of the board is not an independent director, then the board shall appoint a lead director, who shall be an independent director. In connection with the board s determination that the Chair is independent, the board has eliminated the role of lead independent director. Taking all of this into account, the board believes that our current structure and the below outlined authority and responsibilities, as detailed further in our corporate governance guidelines, continue to allow the board to focus on key strategic, policy, and operational issues and provide critical and effective leadership. 38 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS M. Troy Woods Independent Chair Cameron M. Bready Chief Executive Officer Presiding at all meetings of the board (including executive sessions) Conferring with the CEO on the Company s strategy and strategic plan Engaging with the CEO and the Company s executive leadership team between board meetings on business developments Generally approving information provided to the board, board meeting agendas and meeting schedules to ensure there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items Leading board self-assessment interviews with all directors Presiding over shareholder meetings Representing the board in communications with major shareholders and other stakeholders, as needed Creating and implementing the Company s vision and mission Leading the development of the Company s strategies both short and long-term Setting meaningful and measurable operating and strategic goals for the Company Establishing a strong performance management culture Assessing and managing the Company s exposure to risk Serving as the primary interface between management and the board Reviewing organizational structure needs and developing ongoing management succession plans Representing the face of the Company to stakeholders Providing regular updates and information to the board on all key issues and business developments and status of operations GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Independence At least a majority of our directors, and all of the members of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Governance and Nominating Committee, must be independent based on the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Each year, our board of directors reviews the independence of our directors and considers, among other things, relationships and transactions during the past three years between each director or any member of his or her immediate family, on the one hand, and our Company and our subsidiaries and affiliates, on the other hand. The purpose of the review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions were inconsistent with a determination that the director is independent as defined under the NYSE listing standards. The NYSE listing standards provide that to qualify as an independent director, in addition to satisfying certain bright-line criteria, our board of directors must affirmatively determine that a director has no material relationship with our Company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with our Company). Additional independence requirements established by the SEC and the NYSE apply to members of our Audit Committee and our Compensation Committee. Using these standards for determining the independence of its members, the board determined that the following director nominees are independent: F. Thaddeus Arroyo Kirsten M. Kliphouse Vivek Sankaran John G. Bruno Connie D. McDaniel Patricia A. Watson Archana Deskus Joseph H. Osnoss M. Troy Woods Joia M. Johnson William B. Plummer There is no family relationship between any of our NEOs or directors. Other than as described elsewhere in this proxy statement or arrangements or understandings with the directors solely in their capacities as such, there are no arrangements or understandings between any of our directors and any other person pursuant to which any of them was elected as a director. 40 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Membership Criteria Our Governance and Nominating Committee assesses potential candidates based on their history of achievement, the breadth of their business experiences, whether they bring specific skills or expertise in areas that the committee has identified as desired, and whether they possess the personal attributes and experiences that will contribute to the sound functioning of our board. Our corporate governance guidelines embody these principles and set forth the following non-exclusive criteria for directors: Experience Particular skills and leadership experience that are relevant to the Company s strategic vision. Board Contribution Integrity, business judgment, and commitment. Diversity The board and Governance and Nominating Committee value diverse perspectives among our directors and believe that diversity on our board should be a priority, and therefore actively seek diverse candidates with regard to background and other attributes and skills. Age and Tenure The age and board tenure of each incumbent director. Board Size Our Governance and Nominating Committee periodically evaluates whether a larger or smaller board would be preferable, depending on the board s needs and the availability of qualified candidates. Board Independence Independence of candidates for director nominees, including the appearance of any conflict in serving as a director. Other Public Company Service The number of other public company boards on which a director may serve. Director Commitment The director s ability to devote sufficient time to his/her role as a director and any committee service. GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS Process for Identifying and Adding New Directors; Continuing Education Our board routinely engages in succession planning and adds new members on an opportunistic basis when it identifies candidates whom it believes have experience, skill sets and other characteristics that will enhance board effectiveness. We have a mandatory retirement age and our board engages in recruitment as appropriate to support its refreshment efforts. Our Governance and Nominating Committee identifies and adds new directors using the following process: 1 2 3 Collect Candidate Pool Holistic Candidate Review Recommendation to the Board Independent search firms Director recommendations Shareholder recommendations Governance and Nominating Committee focuses on candidates with skills that align to the Company s long-term corporate strategy as well as areas of current and future anticipated needs most critical to the board Prior to a vote as to whether a potential nominee is recommended, the candidates that emerge from the process are interviewed by members of the committee and other board members, including the Chair Extensive due diligence is conducted by the Company and/or third parties, including soliciting feedback from our other directors and applicable persons outside the Company Our Governance and Nominating Committee presents qualified candidates to the board for review, consideration and approval Directors are encouraged to participate in education programs as they see fit to stay informed about corporate governance developments, industry trends, and best practices relevant to their overall board contributions and specific committee roles. The Company provides educational opportunities for directors during regularly scheduled board meetings and provides access to third-party educational programs. The Company maintains a subscription for board members to the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD), a recognized authority focused on advancing board leadership and establishing boardroom practices. Board Refreshment We periodically review our board s composition to ensure that we continue to have the right mix of skills, background and tenure necessary to promote and support the Company s long-term strategy. The board currently believes that an appropriate size is seven to twelve members, allowing, however, for changing circumstances that may warrant a higher or a lower number as evidenced by the increase to thirteen directors to allow for the appointment of Mr. Sankaran. However, our board has approved a reduction in the number of directors constituting the board from thirteen to twelve members, effective immediately following the closing of the polls for the election of directors at the 2026 annual meeting. The board also believes that directors develop an understanding of the Company and an ability to work effectively as a group over time that provides substantial value, and therefore a significant degree of continuity year-over-year is beneficial to shareholders and generally should be expected. In addition, our board believes that a mix of tenures is important in order to provide for both fresh perspectives and deep experience and knowledge of the Company. In furtherance of the board s active role in board succession planning, our board has appointed three new independent directors since 2025, and six of our twelve nominated directors have joined our board within the last 4 years bringing fresh perspectives, diverse experiences, and new insights to enhance the effective oversight of our business. These changes are consistent with our board s long-term strategy to refresh its composition to best position our Company for the future. 42 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Commitment to Diverse Perspectives and Inclusion Our board believes that having a diverse set of directors with a range of skills, backgrounds, experiences, perspectives and expertise best ensures effective oversight, allows us to represent the interests of our shareholders, and provides guidance and oversight with respect to the Company s strategy and operations. Limitation on other Board and Audit Committee Service As part of the annual board evaluation process, and as required by our corporate governance guidelines, our Governance and Nominating Committee evaluates the nature of and amount of time involved in a director s service on other boards in evaluating the suitability of individual directors, their ability to devote a sufficient amount of time to serving on the board and making director nominations. Our corporate governance guidelines establish the following limits on our directors serving on publicly-traded company boards and audit committees. Our Governance and Nominating Committee may grant exceptions to the limits on a case-by-case basis after taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of the request. Director Category Limit on publicly-traded board and audit committee service, including Global Payments All directors 4 boards Director who is a CEO of Global Payments 2 boards Directors who serve on Audit Committee 3 audit committees All directors are within the Company s guidelines for outside board service. Attendance at Board, Committee, and Annual Shareholder Meetings Our full board of directors met twelve times during 2025. Each of our directors attended at least 75% of the meetings of the board held during their membership, including meetings of the committees on which he or she served during 2025. Pursuant to our corporate governance guidelines, all of our directors are expected to attend the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders, and all directors attended the 2025 annual meeting. Board and Committee Membership Our board has four standing committees that assist our board in carrying out its responsibilities: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Technology Committee, and a Governance and Nominating Committee. Each standing committee is composed entirely of independent directors. In addition to the standing committees described above, from time to time, our Board may create ad hoc committees for specific projects or transactions. In January 2026, we acquired Worldpay. In connection with this acquisition, our board formed an ad hoc Integration Committee consisting of both independent directors and our CEO, an employee-director, to oversee the Worldpay integration activities. Each committee reports any activities, discussions, recommendations and approvals to our board at each regularly scheduled board meeting and operates under a charter approved by our board and reviewed annually by the respective committee and our board. Our corporate governance guidelines and the committee charter for each standing committee are available in the Investor Relations section of our website, https://investors.globalpayments.com/ . Board and committee leadership and membership is reviewed annually by our board, upon recommendation of our Governance and Nominating Committee. Upon recommendation of our Governance and Nominating Committee, our board considers committee composition on an annual basis, believing that, while the Company benefits from having a level of consistency in our committee composition and committee chairs, fresh perspectives likewise facilitate enhanced board and committee performance. The current membership of our Audit Committee, GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Committee, Technology Committee, Governance and Nominating Committee, and Integration Committee is set forth in the table below: Member Chair Audit Compensation Governance Technology Integration Troy Woods Cameron Bready Thaddeus Arroyo Robert Baldwin John Bruno Archana Deskus Joia Johnson Kirsten Kliphouse Connie McDaniel Joe Osnoss William Plummer Vivek Sankaran Patricia Watson Investment Agreement Pursuant to the terms of an investment agreement (Investment Agreement) among the Company and certain affiliates of Silver Lake Group, L.L.C. (Silver Lake), Silver Lake is entitled to designate one individual to our board as long as Silver Lake or its affiliates beneficially own at least 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Company s 1.00% convertible senior notes due 2029 (including the amount of such notes converted into shares of our common stock) issued to Silver Lake. In accordance with the terms of the Investment Agreement, in October 2022, Silver Lake designated, and our board appointed, Joseph H. Osnoss to our board. 44 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS A description of our committees is set forth below. Audit Committee William B. Plummer (Chair) Members: William B. Plummer (Chair)*, Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr., Connie D. McDaniel, Vivek Sankaran 1 , and Patricia A. Watson 6 meetings in 2025 All members are independent Key Objectives: Assists our board in its oversight responsibilities relating to the quality and integrity of our financial reporting and disclosure obligations. Appoints, retains and approves the compensation of the Company s independent auditor. Oversees, monitors and evaluates the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent auditor. Approves the scope of the annual audit activity (including reviewing the proposed audit plan and the integration of the independent and internal audit efforts). Oversees the Company s internal audit function and is responsible for the appointment of the head of the Internal Audit department. Oversees the Company s Global Risk Management ( GRM ) program, as well as vendor risk management, insurance, and physical security, and the internal controls designated to mitigate risks related to these topics. Receives regular reports from the Chief Risk Officer concerning the status of the Company s GRM program. Assists our board in overseeing the Company s ethics and compliance program and confidential whistleblower process. Receives regular reports from the Chief Legal Officer on litigation, regulatory and compliance topics. Reviews and approves related party transactions. Meets independently with each of the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Audit Executive, Chief Legal Officer, and independent auditor. Risk Oversight Role: Oversees the Company s performance to ensure alignment with the risk assessments and tolerance levels prescribed in the GRM program with respect to the Company s major financial risk and enterprise exposure. Oversees the Company s internal controls and financial reporting. 1 Mr. Sankaran was appointed to our Audit Committee effective February 19, 2026. GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 45 TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit Committee Financial Experts: William B. Plummer Robert H. B. Baldwin, Jr. Connie D. McDaniel Our board has determined that Mr. Plummer, Mr. Baldwin, and Ms. McDaniel each qualify as audit committee financial experts, as defined in the applicable SEC rules, and that all Audit Committee members are financially literate. 46 GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance and Nominating Committee Connie D. McDaniel (Chair) Members: Connie D. McDaniel (Chair), F. Thaddeus Arroyo; Joia M. Johnson; and Kirsten M. Kliphouse 5 meetings in 2025 All members are independent Key Objectives: Establishes and evaluates qualifications for our directors to ensure our full board and its committees continue to operate functionally and with an appropriate degree of independence from management. Evaluates and recommends director nominees for election at annual meetings of shareholders or to fill vacancies, and manages our board and committees refreshment process. Reviews and recommends our board s committee structure and composition. Oversees the Company s sustainability and governance activities, including the activities of the management steering committee and the Company s periodic corporate responsibility reports. Oversees the Company s corporate governance guidelines, including procedures for shareholders and other parties to communicate with our board. Administers our board s policy on related party transactions and recommends any revisions to it. Oversees retention and compensation of search firms to be used to identify director candidates. Leads the annual assessment of effectiveness of our board and committees. Identifies and considers emerging corporate governance issues and trends. Receives periodic reports on government relations issues pertaining to the Company. Reviews the Company s political activities, contributions and expenditures, and political activity policy. Reviews shareholder proposals and recommends to our board actions to be taken in response to each proposal. Risk Oversight Role: Oversees our risk management activities with respect to our corporate governance structure at our board and senior management level and sustainability issues, trends and policies. Promotes a risk-aware culture by, for example, reviewing our Code of Conduct and Ethics, and the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers. GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. | 2026 Proxy Statement 47 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Committee John G. Bruno (Chair) Members: John G. Bruno (Chair), Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr., Joia M. Johnson, Joseph H. Osnoss, and Vivek Sankaran 1 5 meetings in 2025 All members are independent Key Objectives: Establishes and reviews the objectives of our executive compensation program. Oversees our management succession plan. Reviews and approves the Company s strategies and policies related to human capital management and assists our board in the oversight of the Company s People, Access, and Belonging efforts. Reviews and approves the financial goals and objectives relevant to our CEO s compensation. Evaluates the performance of the CEO and determines his compensation level. Reviews and approves the annual base salaries and annual incentive opportunities of the other NEOs. Oversees the administration of the Company s equity-based incentive compensation plans and the executive non-equity (cash) annual performance plan. Oversees the Company s clawback policy. Assists our board in setting the form and amount of