=== GPN_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as in the other information appearing in this report and other filings we make with the United States Securities and Exchange Commissions ("SEC"), which we advise you to review. These cautionary statements qualify all of our forward-looking statements, and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and should not be relied upon as representing our plans and expectations as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update or revise forward-looking statements at some time in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to our forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 4 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1 - BUSINESS Global Payments Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to collectively as "Global Payments," the "Company," "we," "our" or "us," unless the context requires otherwise. Introduction We are a leading payments technology company delivering innovative software and services to our customers globally, with worldwide reach spanning North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. The payments technology industry provides financial institutions, businesses and consumers with payment processing services, merchant acceptance solutions and related business management software and value-added services. Our technologies, services and team member expertise allow us to provide a broad range of solutions that enable our customers to operate their businesses more efficiently across a variety of channels around the world. Headquartered in Georgia with approximately 26,000 team members worldwide, Global Payments is a Fortune 500 company and is a member of the S P 500. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "GPN." Business Transformation In 2024, we launched a holistic review of our business to examine our strategy, operations and ability to deliver sustainable performance. We have refreshed our strategy and are focusing our resources, efforts and investments on the areas of the business that will drive the best opportunities for growth. We are in the process of streamlining our organization and operating environments through our transformation program to deliver a global, unified operating company. We are aligning the Global Payments brand identity across our assets and solidifying go-to-market activities under a simplified technology environment. We are harmonizing capabilities to deliver our full suite of differentiated software and commerce enablement solutions to clients globally. We have consolidated our technology organizations and teams under common leadership to enhance speed and quality of product development with a customer-centric, solutions-led mindset. We have also centralized our operations functions to enhance our servicing model and focus on improving the client journey, leveraging best-in-class technology and providing differentiated service experiences. In executing and delivering on our transformation initiatives, we have incurred and anticipate incurring incremental expenses related to this program through the first half of 2027, including but not limited to changes to the recoverability of assets and our estimates of remaining useful lives. We also continue to assess our business portfolio to evaluate potential assets for disposition to further streamline our business and create value for shareholders. 5 Table of Contents Recent Business Acquisitions and Dispositions Acquisition of Worldpay Holdco, LLC and Disposition of Issuer Solutions In January 2026, we acquired 100% of Worldpay Holdco, LLC ( Worldpay ) from Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. ( FIS ) and affiliates of GTCR LLC ( GTCR ) ("Worldpay Acquisition") and divested our Issuer Solutions business to FIS. Worldpay is an industry-leading payments technology and solutions company. Consideration paid to GTCR for its ownership interest in Worldpay consisted of (1) approximately $6.2 billion in cash and (2) 43.3 million shares of Global Payments common stock. Consideration received for the divestiture of our Issuer Solutions business consisted of (1) approximately $7.7 billion in cash and (2) FIS ownership interest in Worldpay. The acquisition of Worldpay and divestiture of our Issuer Solutions business occurred simultaneously. Both transactions are subject to customary working capital and other adjustments. We are providing certain transition services to support the Issuer Solutions business as it is integrated with FIS and are also receiving certain transition services from FIS in support of our integration of Worldpay. Disposition of Heartland Payroll Solutions, Inc. In September 2025, we completed the sale of Heartland Payroll Solutions, Inc. ("Payroll Solutions"), our payroll business included in our Merchant Solutions segment prior to disposition, to Acrisure, LLC ("Acrisure") for approximately $1.1 billion, including up to $75 million of contingent consideration. In connection with the transaction, we entered into a mutual referral agreement and long-term commercial partnership with Acrisure. Disposition of AdvancedMD, Inc. In December 2024, we completed the sale of AdvancedMD, Inc. ("AdvancedMD") for approximately $1.1 billion and up to $125 million of contingent consideration. AdvancedMD is a provider of software-as-a-service solutions to small-to-medium sized ambulatory physician practices in the United States and was included in our Merchant Solutions segment prior to disposition. See "Note 2 Acquisitions" and Note 3 Business Dispositions and Discontinued Operations in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these and other recent transactions. Business Segments Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, the results of our Issuer Solutions business have been reported as discontinued operations and therefore, no longer presented as a reportable segment. Segment information presented is based on our Merchant Solutions reportable segment prior to the acquisition of Worldpay. See "Note 3 Business Dispositions and Discontinued Operations" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding the divestiture of our Issuer Solutions business and "Note 18 Segment Information" for additional information about our segments, including revenues, operating expenses, operating income and depreciation and amortization by segment, as well as financial information about geographic areas in which we operate. In connection with the acquisition of Worldpay in 2026, we will be revising our organizational structure and related internal management reporting. Therefore, beginning in the first quarter of 2026, our reportable segments will align with that revised structure. Merchant Solutions Segment Through our Merchant Solutions segment, we provide payments technology and software solutions globally. Our payment technology solutions are similar around the world in that we enable our customers to accept card, check and digital-based payments. Our comprehensive offerings include, but are not limited to, authorization, settlement and funding services, customer support, chargeback resolution, reconciliation and dispute management services, terminal rental, sales and deployment, payment security services, consolidated billing and reporting. In addition, we offer a wide array of business management software solutions, including specialty point-of-sale ("POS") software, that streamline business operations to customers in numerous vertical markets. We also provide a variety of commerce enablement solutions and services, including data analytics and customer engagement, human capital management and payroll, accounts receivable automation, inventory management and reporting that assist our customers with driving demand and operating their businesses more efficiently. 6 Table of Contents Our value proposition is to provide differentiated, high-quality, responsive and secure services to all our customers. We also focus on providing distinctive customer service from the sales process, to onboarding, to ongoing support across our business. The majority of our revenue is generated by services priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction, depending on the payment type or the market. We also earn software subscription and licensing fees, as well as other fees for specific value-added services, which may be unrelated to the number or value of transactions. Distribution Channels In the Merchant Solutions segment, we actively market and provide our payment services, business management software solutions and other value-added services directly to our customers and through a variety of distribution channels across three business pillars: Point-of-Sale and Software Solutions, Integrated and Embedded Solutions and Core Payments Solutions. We have a wide array and diversity of distribution channels led by one of the premiere direct sales teams in the industry. Additionally, we go to market through our broad-based financial institution partnerships, joint ventures and wholesale and indirect relationships. Many of our payment solutions are technology-enabled in that they incorporate or are incorporated into innovative, technology-driven solutions, including software solutions, designed to enable merchants to better manage their businesses. Our technology-enabled solutions represent a substantial component of our revenues. POS and Software Solutions . Our POS and Software Solutions business provide advanced payments technology that is integrated into point-of-sale systems and business management software solutions that we own. We have capabilities in cloud-based POS for restaurant and retail and leading software in other verticals including education (serving colleges, universities, and kindergarten through 12th grade level institutions), real estate (primarily property management), and communities (serving event organizers largely in the health and fitness market). POS and Software Solutions business offers a range of features that are being combined under our Global Payments brand identity across all of our assets. This includes unifying our POS businesses under a common brand, Genius, and leveraging our vast distribution channels to extend it globally. Integrated and Embedded Solutions. Our Integrated and Embedded Solutions business provides advanced payments technology that is embedded into business management software solutions owned by our technology partners that operate in numerous vertical markets and countries. Further, we also integrate our capabilities with shopping carts, ordering platforms, marketplaces and other digitally-oriented businesses through the same embedded payment stack we leverage with more traditional, vertically-specific independent software vendors. We deliver these capabilities in physical and digital environments seamlessly. Core Payments Solutions. We offer our core payments solutions through our direct sales forces worldwide, as well as referral partnerships. We offer our payments technology services, software and other commerce enablement solutions directly to customers across numerous verticals in the markets we serve. Although our primary focus is on building durable, direct relationships with merchants, we also provide our services to merchants referred by independent sales organizations ("ISOs") and financial institutions. Credit and Debit Card Transaction Processing Credit and debit card transaction processing includes processing the world's major international card brands, including, among others, American Express, Discover Card ("Discover"), JCB, Mastercard, UnionPay International, and Visa, as well as certain domestic debit networks, such as Interac in Canada. Credit and debit networks establish uniform regulations that govern much of the payment card industry. During a typical payment transaction, the merchant and the card issuer do not interface directly with each other, but instead rely on payments technology companies, such as Global Payments, to facilitate transaction processing services, including authorization, electronic draft capture, file transfers to facilitate funds settlement and certain exception-based, back-office support services such as chargeback resolution. We process funds settlement under two models: a sponsorship model and a direct membership model. Under the sponsorship model, member clearing financial institutions ("Members") sponsor us and require our adherence to the standards of the networks. In these markets, we have sponsorship or depository and clearing agreements with financial institution sponsors. These agreements allow us to route transactions under the Members' control and identification numbers to clear card transactions through Mastercard and Visa. In this model, the standards of the card networks restrict us from performing funds settlement or accessing merchant settlement funds and instead, require that these funds be in the possession of the Member until the merchant has been funded. 7 Table of Contents Under the direct membership model, we are direct members in various payment networks, allowing us to process and fund transactions without third-party sponsorship. Under this model, we route and clear transactions directly through the card brand s network and are not restricted from performing funds settlement. Otherwise, we process these transactions similarly to how we process transactions in the sponsorship model. We are required to adhere to the standards of the various networks in which we are direct members. We maintain relationships with financial institutions, which may also serve as our Member sponsors for other card brands or in other markets, to assist with funds settlement. How a Card Transaction Works A typical payment transaction begins when a cardholder presents a card for payment to a merchant, at which time card and transaction information, such as the card identification number, transaction date and transaction amount, is captured and transmitted to our network. The information is captured by a POS terminal card reader or mobile device card reader, which may be sold or leased to the merchant and serviced by us, through a POS device or ecommerce portal by one of a number of services that we offer directly, or through a value-added reseller. After the card and transaction information is captured, the POS device or ecommerce portal automatically connects to our network through the internet or other communication channel in order to receive authorization of the transaction. For a credit card transaction, authorization services generally refer to the process in which the card issuer indicates whether a particular credit card is authentic and whether the impending transaction amount will cause the cardholder to exceed defined credit limits. In a debit card transaction, we obtain authorization for the transaction from the card issuer through the payment network verifying that the cardholder has access to sufficient funds for the transaction amount. As an illustration, shown below in the sponsorship model, on a $100.00 card transaction the card issuer may fund the Member, our sponsor, (indirectly through the card network) $98.50 after retaining $1.50 referred to as an interchange fee. The card issuer would seek reimbursement of $100.00 from the cardholder in the cardholder's monthly credit card statement. The Member would, in turn, pay the merchant $100.00. The net settlement after this transaction would require us to advance the $1.50 interchange fee to the Member. After the end of the month, we would bill the merchant a percentage, also known as the merchant discount, of the transaction amount to cover the full amount of the interchange fee and our fee from the transaction. Assuming the merchant discount in the above example is 2%, we bill the merchant $2.00 after the end of the month for the transaction, reimburse ourselves for $1.50 in interchange fees that we have previously funded to the Member and retain $0.50 as our fee for the transaction. Under some arrangements, we remit the net amount of $98.00 to the merchant, rather than funding the full $100.00 and subsequently billing the merchant at the end of the month. Discount rates vary based on negotiations with merchants and the economic characteristics of transactions and take many forms, such as interchange plus our fee or a bundled rate that includes all fees. Interchange rates also vary based on the economic characteristics of individual transactions. Accordingly, our fee per transaction varies across our merchant base and is subject to change based on changes in discount rates and interchange rates. Our revenues on a transaction generally reflect the merchant discount, less interchange fees and payment network fees. Our profit is revenues less operating expenses, including systems costs to process the transaction and commissions paid to our sales force or external partner. Payment network fees are charged by the card brands, in part, based on the value of transactions processed through their networks. 8 Table of Contents Issuer Solutions Our Issuer Solutions business, which is presented as a discontinued operation, is a leading provider of comprehensive commerce solutions supporting the payment ecosystem for issuers. Our offerings include core processing, enterprise tokenization, cardholder payments, authorizations, card production, document production and archival, contact center services, managed services, fraud strategy, implementation services, consulting solutions and professional services. We also provide specialized solutions such as virtual cards, accounts payable and expense management, commercial processing and real-time alerts. With the majority of revenues generated from software solutions, our operations serve diverse customer segments, including global, regional, community banks, credit unions, retailers, financial technology companies and neobanks. Our go-to-market approach leverages direct engagement and partnerships with aggregators to deliver innovative service offerings across core processing, commerce enablement, managed services and professional services. Our strategic focus on fraud detection, rewards management and commerce enablement positions us to expand opportunities across these key client segments and drive continued growth. We have undertaken a comprehensive modernization of the Issuer Solutions business, encompassing both technology and operations. These efforts enable us to deploy our cloud-native products and services across diverse market segments, use cases and geographic regions with increased agility and speed to market, all within a secure and compliant framework. The modernization of our core processing platform allows us to deliver enhanced, unified capabilities, greater operational efficiencies and innovative features for our clients, while also offering our full suite of capabilities in a modular format or as a comprehensive, integrated solution. We completed the development and commercial launches of our modernized client-facing applications in 2025. Issuer Solutions revenues are primarily derived from long-term processing contracts with financial institutions and other financial services providers. Payment processing services revenues are generated primarily from charges based on the number of accounts on file, transactions and authorizations processed, statements generated and/or mailed, managed services, cards embossed and mailed, and other processing services for cardholder accounts on file. Most of these customer contracts have prescribed annual minimums, penalties for early termination, and service level agreements that may affect 9 Table of Contents contractual fees if specified service levels are not achieved. Issuer Solutions revenues also include software subscription, licensing fees, loyalty redemption services and professional services. Industry Overview The payments technology industry provides financial institutions, businesses and consumers with payment processing services, merchant acceptance solutions and related business management software and value-added services. The industry continues to grow as a result of wider merchant acceptance and increased use of credit and debit cards, advances in payment solutions and processing technology and migration to ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. The proliferation of credit and debit cards, as well as other digital payment solutions, has made the acceptance of digital payments a necessity for many businesses, regardless of size, in order to remain competitive. Certain macroeconomic drivers have further accelerated the use of digital payments, the need for development of technologies and digital-based solutions and the expansion of ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. The increased use of cards and the availability of more sophisticated technology services to all market segments have resulted in an increasingly competitive and specialized industry. Strategy We seek to become the worldwide partner of choice for commerce solutions by providing our clients with a broad suite of world-class, differentiated products and services that make everyday commerce better. We are also committed to excellence in execution, and delivering flawlessly at scale globally. We benefit from the adoption of, and transition to, card and digital-based payments and are focused on expanding our share in our existing markets through software and service innovation leveraging our industry-leading direct and distribution channels, as well as through targeted bolt-on acquisitions to improve our offerings and scale. We also seek to enter and expand in markets through acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures around the world where we are best positioned for differentiation and scale. Consistent with this focus, we are pursuing the following strategic priorities: Enhancing our capabilities in cloud-based POS and software solutions in select vertical markets; Further investing in our leadership position in integrated payments and embedded solutions where we offer tailored operating models and commercial structures for partners and clients; Leveraging our core payments channels globally to build on our broad capabilities, providing further growth opportunities; Delivering innovative commerce enablement solutions globally to expand our position as a client-centric, product -led company, including investing in AI capabilities and strategic partnerships to position our platforms to support agent-driven commerce; and Enabling frictionless, best-in-class customer experiences, creating longer-term relationships. Competitive Strengths We believe that our competitive strengths include the following: Technology Solutions - We provide innovative payment technology solutions, as well as enterprise software and other commerce enablement solutions, that enable our customers to operate their businesses more efficiently, increase sales and simplify the payments process, regardless of the channel through which the transaction occurs. We believe our robust technology solutions will continue to differentiate us in the marketplace and position us for continued growth. Global Footprint and Distribution - Our worldwide presence allows us to focus our investments on markets with promising gross domestic product fundamentals and favorable secular trends, makes us more attractive to certain customers with international operations and exposes us to emerging innovations that we can adopt globally, while diversifying our economic risk. 10 Table of Contents Scalable Operating Environment and Technology Infrastructure - We operate with a multi-channel, global technology infrastructure that provides scalable and innovative service offerings and a consistent service experience to our merchants, customers, financial institutions and other partners worldwide, while also driving sustainable operating efficiencies. Strong, Long-lasting Partner Relationships - We have established strong, long-lasting relationships with many financial institutions, enterprise software providers, value-added resellers and other technology-based payment service providers, which enable us to deliver a set of diverse solutions to our customers. Disciplined Acquisition Approach - Our proven track record for selectively and successfully sourcing and closing acquisitions and joint ventures in existing and new markets positions us well for future growth and as an attractive partner for potential acquisition targets. Competition We compete with a large variety of companies - financial institutions, financial technology companies, traditional payment providers, new market entrants, and others, both large and small. The markets for the services we provide are highly fragmented and competitive. Many of these providers compete with us across our segment, markets and geographies. Some of these competitors possess greater financial, sales and marketing resources than we do. We expect the payments technology industry to become more competitive over time, as advances in technology enable new entrants, barriers to entry fall and existing providers expand their services, both operationally and geographically. Our Merchant Solutions segment competes with financial institutions, merchant acquirers and other financial technology companies that provide businesses with merchant acquiring, business management software and related services. In the United States, we compete with a large number of providers, including but not limited to Fiserv, Inc. ("Fiserv"), Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC, Elavon, Inc., a subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp, Bank of America Merchant Services, Wells Fargo Merchant Services, Toast, Inc., Stripe, Inc. ("Stripe"), Shopify Inc. and Block Inc. ("Block"). While these are our primary competitors in the merchant acquiring space, our vertically focused businesses in the United States compete with numerous other providers in their respective verticals. Internationally, financial institutions remain the primary providers of payment technology services to merchants, although the outsourcing of these services to third-party service providers is becoming more prevalent. We compete outside the U.S. with financial institutions in the markets in which we operate, as well as providers such as Worldline, Nexi, Adyen, Block and Stripe. We have seen competition internationally increase and expect that trend to continue as new companies enter our markets and existing competitors expand or consolidate their product lines and services. Issuer Solutions, which is presented as a discontinued operation, encounters competition from other third-party payment card processors, the card brands, core banking platform providers, independent software vendors, B2B providers, and various other firms that deliver services to payment card issuers in the markets we serve, as well as financial institutions who provide such services in-house. Our competitors in this business include, but are not limited to, Fiserv, FIS, Marqeta, Nexi, Worldline, i2c, Bill.com, AvidExchange, Billtrust, Adyen, Stripe and Zeta. See the section titled Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business Model and Operations for further information on the competitive and continuously evolving markets we serve. Safeguarding Our Business In order to provide our services, we process and store sensitive business information and personal information, which may include credit and debit card numbers, bank account numbers, social security numbers, driver s license numbers, names and addresses, and other types of personal information or sensitive business information. Some of this information is also processed and stored by financial institutions, merchants and other entities, as well as third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions and other agents, which we refer to collectively as our associated third parties. We may have responsibility to the card networks, financial institutions, and in some instances, our merchants, ISOs and/or individuals, for our failure or the failure of our associated third-party service providers (as applicable) to protect this information. For a further discussion of our approach to cybersecurity, see "Item 1C - Cybersecurity" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 11 Table of Contents Intellectual Property Our intellectual property is an important part of our strategy to be a leading provider of payment technology and software solutions. We use a combination of internal policies, intellectual property laws and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technologies and brands. In addition, to protect our various brands, we seek and maintain registration of U.S. and international patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks and domain names that align with our brand strategy. We also enforce our trademarks against potential sources of misunderstanding that could harm our brand and ability to compete. In addition to using our intellectual property in our own operations, we grant licenses to certain of our customers to use our intellectual property. Human Capital Management Our overall workforce strategies are developed and managed by our Chief People, Culture and Change Officer, who reports to our CEO. More broadly, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors ("Compensation Committee") provide oversight on certain culture and human capital management topics and succession plans for critical talent. We regularly engage with our team members through a variety of forums, including periodic surveys, to help us understand their perspectives related to workplace culture, engagement, access, talent management and well-being and to inform our human capital strategies and initiatives. The results of these interactions are also leveraged to further develop our talent management initiatives. Moreover, the Board of Directors also reviews critical feedback and receives updates on management s plans in response thereto. Team Member Population As of December 31, 2025, we conducted business around the world, with approximately 26,000 team members living and working in 37 countries. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 50% of our workforce resided in the Americas, 22% in Europe and 28% in Asia Pacific. These team member statistics include Issuer Solutions, which is classified as a discontinued operation in our consolidated financial statements. Many of our team members are highly skilled in technical areas specific to payment technology and software solutions. Talent Management and Retention We place an emphasis on attracting and retaining highly skilled team members and having a workforce that is connected to the communities in which we work and live around the world. To that end, we have implemented programs and initiatives focused on enriching new hire experiences, developing team members through extensive training and professional development opportunities, including mentorship and leadership programs, promoting team members wellness and safety, and providing flexible work arrangements. Furthermore, we offer comprehensive and competitive pay and benefits packages, including paid parental leave, team member assistance, savings and retirement programs and equity-based awards that vest over a period of time to support retention of key contributors. We also strive to celebrate and recognize the efforts of our team members through a combination of programs, including team appreciation activities and awards programs to honor top performers and notable contributors. Health and Well-being The success of our business is connected to the well-being of our team members. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our team members worldwide, and we provide team members with various health and wellness programs and benefits, including employee education and assistance programs that focus on physical, financial, family, social and emotional resources. People, Access and Belonging We are committed to addressing the ever-changing needs of our team members and finding new ways to continuously enhance our culture. Our human capital strategy is centered around a focus on People, Access and Belonging ("PAB"), which reflects our holistic approach to fostering an inclusive and empowering workplace across our global organization. These pillars guide our policies, practices and initiatives as we continue shaping a workplace culture that prioritizes engagement, equity and collaboration, empowering individuals across our global footprint. Our Compensation Committee assists the Board of Directors in overseeing the Company s initiatives embodied in the PAB strategy. 12 Table of Contents Employee Growth and Development Our strategy to develop and retain the best talent includes an emphasis on team member development and training. We provide a variety of training and development opportunities to team members globally, including our online training platform that contains a vast array of tools and application resources for all team members to build learning experiences and skills. In order to help our team members strengthen the skills and behaviors needed for career advancement, our performance management program enables team members to drive their development with a focus on growth, performance, and well-being through regular meetings with their leaders. Government Regulation Various aspects of our business are subject to regulation and supervision under federal, state and local laws in the United States and foreign laws, regulations and rules. Many of these regulations and laws are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by courts and regulators, remain uncertain. These regulations and laws involve a variety of matters, including privacy and information security, data and personal information processing, money-transmission and payment instruments, consumer protection, anti-money laundering and anti-corruption, tax, environmental sustainability (including climate change) and human rights. In addition, we are subject to rules promulgated by the various payment networks, including Nacha, American Express, Discover, Interac, Mastercard and Visa. Set forth below is a brief summary of some of the significant laws and regulations that apply to us. These descriptions are not exhaustive, and these laws, regulations and rules frequently change and are increasing in number. We are currently in compliance in all material respects with applicable existing legal and regulatory requirements and do not expect that maintaining compliance with these regulations will have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive and financial positions. For additional information about government regulation and laws applicable to our business and the potential risks associated with future changes in laws or regulations, see "Item 1A - Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Dodd-Frank Act The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act") restricts the amounts of debit card fees that certain institutions can charge merchants. Pursuant to regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board, debit interchange rates for card issuers with assets of $10 billion or more are capped at $0.21 per transaction and an ad valorem component of 5 basis points to reflect a portion of the issuer's fraud losses plus, for qualifying issuers, an additional $0.01 per transaction in debit interchange for fraud prevention costs. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act limits the ability of payment card networks to impose certain restrictions because it allows merchants to: (i) set minimum dollar amounts (not to exceed $10) for the acceptance of a credit card (and allows federal governmental entities and institutions of higher education to set maximum amounts for the acceptance of credit cards) and (ii) provide discounts or incentives to encourage consumers to pay with cash, checks, debit cards or credit cards. The rules also contain prohibitions on network exclusivity and merchant routing restrictions that require a card issuer to enable at least two unaffiliated networks on each debit card, prohibit card networks from entering into exclusivity arrangements and restrict the ability of issuers or networks to mandate transaction routing requirements. The prohibition on network exclusivity has not significantly affected the Company's ability to pass on network fees and other costs to customers, nor do we expect it to in the future. Consumer Protection The Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) regulates non-bank businesses and, among other things, protects consumers against unfair and deceptive practices. We provide payment processing services to businesses, but because our services enable consumer commerce and consumer spending, the FTC may regulate our business and services. The FTC may determine that our business engages in unfair or deceptive practices which harm consumers, that we have enabled merchant fraud by failing to establish sufficient fraud monitoring and fraud prevention policies, or that we deploy deceptive marketing strategies which fail to accurately describe our services, fees, pricing, or the allocation of risks to our customers and to consumers. The FTC could bring an action against our business, which could result in monetary sanctions, mandates to terminate certain services, enhanced monitoring and compliance requirements, and reputational damage. 13 Table of Contents The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), which has responsibility for enforcing federal consumer protection laws, and the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which has the authority to determine whether any nonbank financial company, such as us, should be supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve") on the ground that it is "systemically important" to the U.S. financial system. Accordingly, we may be subject to additional systemic risk-related oversight in the future. The CFPB has significant authority to regulate consumer financial products or services in the U.S., including consumer payments, and similar products or services. Furthermore, certain of our businesses are regulated as money transmitters or otherwise require licensing in one or more states or jurisdictions, subjecting us to various licensing, supervisory and other requirements. Financial Institution Regulations Certain of our subsidiaries hold payment institution ("PI") licenses. These subsidiaries are subject to regulation and oversight in the jurisdictions in which they operate. Company subsidiaries hold PI licenses in Poland, Greece, Germany, Spain, Malta and the Czech Republic, as well as similar licenses in the United Kingdom. As a PI license holder, the relevant subsidiary is subject to regulation and oversight in the applicable jurisdiction, which may include, among other obligations, a requirement to maintain specific regulatory capital and adhere to certain rules regarding the conduct and operation of its business. The revised Payment Services Directive and the requirements under the Digital Operational Resilience Act ("DORA") and reporting obligations in respect of the Central Electronic System of Payment Information came into effect in January 2025 and introduced a broad set of requirements applicable to financial institutions, including our European PIs, concerning the security of network and information systems supporting their business processes, in particular in relation to the management of information communication and technology ("ICT") risks. There is also regulatory supervision of ICT service providers designated as critical by the European Supervisory Authorities. Because the Issuer Solutions business provides digital payment processing services to banks and other financial institutions, we may be subject to examination by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (the "FFIEC"), an interagency body comprised primarily of federal banking regulators, and is also subject to supervision or examination, as may be applicable, by various state and international financial regulatory agencies that supervise and regulate the financial institutions to whom we provide digital payment processing and other payment related services. The FFIEC examines large data processors in order to identify and mitigate risks associated with systemically significant service providers, including specifically the risks they may pose to the banking industry. Privacy, Information Security and Other Business Practices Regulation Aspects of our business are subject, directly or indirectly, to privacy and data protection regulations in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union ("EU") and elsewhere. In most of the countries in which we operate, these laws impose requirements on the manner in which personal information can be collected, processed, stored, transferred and shared. They also impose requirements, which vary materially by jurisdiction, in the event of a personal data breach. Compliance with the data protection regulations applicable to us, our partners and our customers requires increasing resources devoted to monitoring changes and developing solutions for our affected businesses. Maintaining compliance over time could require substantive technology infrastructure and process changes across many of the Company s businesses. Noncompliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA"), the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act and other state and international privacy laws or similar regulations could lead to substantial regulatory fines and penalties, or in some cases, damages resulting from private causes of action. Evolving data localization requirements or preferences may affect how we provide services to customers in regions like the EU and Asia-Pacific. Additionally, evolving sector-specific regulations that affect the payments industry may introduce overlap or conflict with data privacy regulations, and these conflicts in regulatory requirements may affect our operations. We also rely upon third parties (such as suppliers and other partners) to facilitate or enable our business activities, and we require that they are similarly in compliance with applicable regulations. New regulations (including the EU Artificial Intelligence Regulation, new state laws in the United States or a possible federal privacy law) and new interpretations of existing regulations, such as the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") Act, GLBA, the GDPR, the California Invasion of Privacy Act and the Federal Wiretap Act, could create new privacy rights for individuals and new obligations for companies handling personal information. These regulations could limit our ability to use and share personal or other data and increase costs related to compliance. In addition, emerging technologies including 14 Table of Contents innovations in machine learning and artificial intelligence ("AI") are expected to continue to drive regulation targeted to the specific risks anticipated from these technologies. As our portfolio of services evolves, we may offer more services outside of our traditional business-to-business interaction context. As we interact directly with consumers, in conjunction with our customers and partners or directly on our own behalf, our compliance obligations under privacy regulations may expand. Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Corruption and Sanctions Regulations In many countries, we are legally or contractually required to comply with anti-money laundering laws and regulations, such as, in the United States, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act, and similar laws of other countries, which require that customer identifying information be obtained and verified. In some countries, we are directly subject to these requirements; in other countries, we have contractually agreed to assist our sponsor financial institutions with their obligation to comply with anti-money laundering requirements that apply to them. In addition, we and our sponsor financial institutions are subject to the laws and regulations, enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, that prohibit U.S. persons from engaging in transactions with certain prohibited persons or entities. Similar requirements apply in other countries. We have developed procedures and controls that are designed to monitor and address legal and regulatory requirements and developments and that allow our customers to protect against having direct business dealings with such prohibited countries, individuals or entities. We are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and other laws that generally prohibit the making or offering of improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or to gain an unfair business advantage. The FCPA has a broad reach and requires maintenance of appropriate records and adequate internal controls to prevent and detect possible FCPA violations. Escheat Laws We are subject to unclaimed or abandoned property state laws in the United States and in certain foreign countries that require us to transfer to certain government authorities the unclaimed property of others that we hold when that property has been unclaimed for a certain period of time. Moreover, we are subject to audit by state and foreign regulatory authorities with regard to our escheatment practices. Debt Collection and Credit Reporting Laws Portions of our business may be subject to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ("FDCPA"), the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") and similar state laws. The FDCPA is designed to eliminate abusive, deceptive and unfair debt collection practices and may require licensing at the state level. The FCRA regulates the use and reporting of consumer credit information and also imposes disclosure requirements on entities that take adverse action based on information obtained from credit reporting agencies. Telephone Consumer Protection Act We are subject to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act ("TCPA") and various state laws to the extent we place telephone calls and short message service ("SMS") messages to customers and consumers. The TCPA regulates certain telephone calls and SMS messages placed using automatic telephone dialing systems or artificial or prerecorded voices. Other In addition, there are other laws, rules or regulations that may directly affect us or the activities of our merchant customers and in some cases may subject us to investigations, fees, fines and disgorgement of funds in the event we are deemed to have aided and abetted or otherwise provided the means and instrumentalities to facilitate the illegal activities of a merchant through our payment processing services. 15 Table of Contents Sustainability Certain governments around the world are adopting laws and regulations pertaining to sustainability performance, transparency and reporting. Certain regulators in Europe and the U.S. have also focused efforts on increased disclosure related to climate change and mitigation efforts. The EU recently adopted the European Sustainability Reporting Standards and the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive that impose disclosure of the risks and opportunities arising from social and environmental issues and on the effect of companies activities on people and the environment. In March 2024, the SEC adopted final rules that require disclosure of certain climate-related information; however, in April 2024, the SEC stayed the rules pending judicial review and halted its defense of the rules in 2025. In October 2023, California enacted the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act (SB 261) and the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act (SB 253). In January 2026, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals enjoined SB 261 for the time that appeals remain pending before the Ninth Circuit. International sustainability disclosure standards have also been produced (and further standards will be produced) under the auspices of the International Sustainability Standards Board, which some countries (such as the United Kingdom) have indicated they may incorporate into sustainability disclosure standards required of certain companies. We continue to monitor these legislative and regulatory developments and are working continually to ensure that our sustainability agenda is integrated into our overall business strategy. As part of our annual sustainability reporting, we provide additional information about our approach to sustainability matters in our Global Responsibility Report (not incorporated herein), which is available in the investor relations section of our website at www.globalpayments.com . Where to Find More Information We file annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and print materials that we have filed with the SEC from its website at www.sec.gov . In addition, certain of our SEC filings, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to them can be viewed and printed, free of charge, from the investor relations section of our website at www.globalpayments.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Certain materials relating to our corporate governance, including our codes of ethics applicable to our directors, senior financial officers and other employees, also are available in the investor relations section of our website. Copies of our filings, specified exhibits and corporate governance materials are available, free of charge, by writing to us using the address on the cover of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You may also telephone our investor relations office directly at (770) 829-8478. We are not including the information on our website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following risks and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings before you decide to buy or sell our common stock. The risks identified below are not all encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of our future operations. If any of the events or conditions contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows could suffer significantly. Risks Factors Summary The following is a summary of the principal risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Business Model and Operations Our inability to protect our systems and data from continually evolving cybersecurity threats or other technological risks could adversely affect our ability to deliver our services; damage our reputation among our customers, card issuers, financial institutions, card networks, partners and cardholders; adversely affect our continued card network registration or membership and financial institution sponsorship; and expose us to lost revenues, penalties, fines, liabilities, legal claims and defense costs. Software and hardware defects, failures, undetected errors and development delays could affect our ability to deliver our services, damage customer relations, expose us to liability and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on relationships with third parties. Our systems or our third-party providers' systems may fail, or we may be unable to renew or renegotiate agreements with key suppliers, which could interrupt our service, cause us to lose business, increase our costs and expose us to liability. We may be unable to integrate the business of Worldpay successfully or realize the anticipated benefits of the Worldpay Acquisition, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The integration and conversion of our acquired operations or other future acquisitions, if any, could result in increased operating costs if the anticipated synergies from the combination are not achieved on a timely basis or at all or in the way that they were anticipated, a loss of strategic opportunities if management is distracted by the integration process and a loss of customers if our service levels drop during or following the integration process. The payments technology industry is highly competitive and highly innovative, and some of our competitors have greater financial and operational resources than we do, which may give them an advantage with respect to the pricing of services offered to customers and the ability to develop new and disruptive technologies. In order to remain competitive and to continue to increase our revenues and earnings, we must continually and quickly update our services, a process that could result in higher costs and the loss of revenues, earnings and customers if the new services do not perform as intended or are not accepted in the marketplace. Our revenues from the provision of services to merchants that accept Visa and Mastercard, or any other network, are dependent upon our continued Visa and Mastercard registrations, financial institution sponsorship and, in some cases, continued membership in certain card networks. We rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If we are unable to maintain clearing services with these financial institutions and are unable to find a replacement, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Increased merchant, referral partner, ISO or payment facilitator attrition could cause our financial results to decline. Our future growth depends in part on the continued expansion within the markets in which we already operate, the emergence of and our successful entry into new markets and the continued availability of alliance relationships as well as strategic acquisition and joint venture opportunities. 17 Table of Contents There may be a decline in the use of cards and other digital payments as a payment mechanism for consumers or other adverse developments affecting the card industry in general. We incur chargeback losses when our merchants refuse or cannot reimburse us for chargebacks resolved in favor of their customers. Any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Fraud by merchants or others and losses from overdrawn cardholder accounts could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If our enterprise segment merchants direct significant transaction volume away from us to other providers, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Increases in card network fees may result in the loss of customers and/or a reduction in our earnings. Our inability to complete certain dispositions or the effects of disposing a business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not realize the anticipated growth benefits and cost savings from, or our business may be disrupted by, our business transformation and reorganization activities. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. Our business may be affected by current and future laws and regulations governing the development, use and deployment of AI technologies, as well as potentially related private litigation. Legal, Regulatory Compliance and Tax Risks Our business is subject to government regulation and oversight. Any new implementation of or changes made to laws, regulations or other industry standards affecting our business in any of the geographic regions in which we operate may require significant development and compliance efforts or have an unfavorable effect on our ability to continue to offer certain services, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. New or revised tax regulations, unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or changes to enacted tax rates could adversely affect our tax expense. Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. Financial Risks We are subject to risks associated with changes in interest rates or currency exchange rates and may not effectively hedge against these risks, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets and increase our interest costs. Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act") could have a material adverse effect on our business. Intellectual Property Risks We may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. Risks Related to Our Capital Structure Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect us and limit our business flexibility. We may not be able to raise additional funds to finance our future capital needs. 18 Table of Contents Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets. The impairment of a portion of these assets could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to, or we may decide not to, pay dividends or repurchase shares at a level anticipated by our shareholders, which could reduce shareholder returns. Risks Related to General Economic Conditions We are subject to changes to the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment, health and social events or conditions, the business cycles and credit risk of our customers and the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which we cannot control and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Investor and other stakeholder interest in our sustainability practices, and our disclosed performance and aspirations for these practices, may, from time to time, result in additional considerations or expectations and expose us to risks. General Risk Factors If we lose key personnel or are unable to attract and hire additional qualified personnel as we grow, our business could be adversely affected. The costs and effects of pending and future litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Business Model and Operations Our inability to protect our systems and data from continually evolving cybersecurity threats or other technological risks could adversely affect our ability to deliver our services; damage our reputation among our customers, card issuers, financial institutions, card networks, partners and cardholders; adversely affect our continued card network registration or membership and financial institution sponsorship; and expose us to lost revenues, penalties, fines, liabilities, legal claims and defense costs. In order to provide our services, we process and store sensitive business and personal information, which may include credit and debit card numbers, bank account numbers, Social Security numbers, driver s license numbers, names and addresses and other types of sensitive personal or business information. Some of this information is also processed and stored by financial institutions, merchants and other entities, as well as third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions, and other agents, such as independent consultants and auditors, which we refer to collectively as our associated third parties. We may have responsibility to the card networks, financial institutions, regulators, and in some instances, our merchants, ISOs and/or individuals, for our failure or the failure of our associated third parties (as applicable) to protect this information. We are a regular target of malicious attempts to identify and exploit system vulnerabilities, and/or to penetrate or bypass our security measures, in order to gain unauthorized access to our networks and systems or those of our associated third parties. Such attempts at unauthorized access can lead, and occasionally have led, to the compromise of sensitive, business, personal or confidential information. To mitigate these risks, we follow a defense-in-depth model for cybersecurity, meaning we proactively seek to employ multiple methods at different layers to defend our systems against intrusion and attack and to protect the data we possess. We have adopted policies and procedures as part of our information security program, as well as an incident response plan, that are designed to facilitate the identification, assessment and management of those risks, including any risks that have the potential to be material. Our information security program, which is designed to address cybersecurity risks and is subject to oversight by both the Board of Directors and management, includes technical, physical and administrative controls that are designed to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information and technical assets. However, we cannot provide any assurance that these cybersecurity risk management processes and controls will be fully complied with or effective, and we cannot be certain that these measures or others will always be successful or will always be sufficient to counter, or to rapidly detect, contain and remediate all current and emerging technology threats. More specifically, our computer systems and/or our associated third parties computer systems have been, and we expect will continue to be, targeted on a regular basis, and our data protection measures may not prevent, and occasionally have not prevented, unauthorized access. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade services or sabotage 19 Table of Contents systems change frequently. These techniques are often difficult to detect and they continually evolve and may become more sophisticated. These threats may be facilitated and exacerbated by the use of AI technologies, which may increase system complexity, expand data usage, and introduce new attack surfaces or modes of exploitation. Threats to our systems and our associated third parties systems can derive from human error or malicious actions by employees or third parties, including state-sponsored organizations with significant financial and technological resources. In addition, we have experienced and may continue to experience system disruptions or delays caused by computer viruses and other malware or vulnerabilities that could infect our systems or those of our associated third parties. Denial of service, ransomware, phishing attempts, brute force attacks, exploiting software vulnerabilities (including zero-day attacks ), supply chain attacks and other events or other methods of attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or to create a diversion for other malicious activities. Our defensive measures may not prevent downtime, unauthorized access or misuse of sensitive data. We have experienced all of the incident types described in this paragraph in the past, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to detect and prevent all such incidents in the future. While we maintain first- and third-party insurance policies that may provide coverage for certain aspects of cybersecurity risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses resulting from an incident. Companies we acquire may also require implementation of additional cybersecurity defense controls or processes to align with our information security program and, as a result, there may be a period of heightened risk between the acquisition date and the completion of such implementation. Furthermore, certain of our third-party relationships are subject to our vendor management program and are governed by written contracts that contain requirements relating to information security. We have designed our risk identification, assessment and management processes and procedures to account for cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party service providers. However, we do not control the actions of our associated third parties, and any disruptions in their services caused by cybersecurity attacks and/or security breaches could adversely affect our ability to service our customers or otherwise conduct our business. We impose contractual requirements on our counterparties, including vendors and other third parties, to comply with applicable privacy and security laws related to the use and security of sensitive or personal information. We cannot provide assurances that these contractual requirements will be followed or will be adequate to prevent the misuse of this data. We have occasionally received notifications from third parties informing us that our data stored on their systems has been accessed without authorization. Any future misuse or compromise of personal information stored on those systems, or any other failure by a vendor, partner or other third party to abide by our contractual requirements, could expose us to regulatory fines, third-party liability, protracted and costly litigation and, with respect to misuse of the personal information of our customers, lost revenue and reputational harm. Any type of security incident, cybersecurity attack, unintentional or intentional disclosure of sensitive business and personal information, or misuse of data described above or otherwise, whether experienced by us or an associated third party, could harm our reputation; deter existing and prospective customers from using our services or from making digital payments generally; cause a loss of revenue; increase our operating expenses in order to contain and remediate the incident; expose us to unanticipated or uninsured liability; disrupt our operations (including potential service interruptions); distract our management; increase our risk of litigation or regulatory scrutiny; and result in the imposition of penalties and fines under state, federal and foreign laws or by the card networks (which may not be covered by our insurance policies). Removal from the networks' lists of Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI DSS") compliant service providers could mean that existing customers, sales partners or other third parties could cease using or referring others to our services. Also, prospective merchant customers, sales partners or other third parties could choose to terminate negotiations with us, or delay or choose not to consider us for their processing needs. In addition, as a global company, we are increasingly subject to complex and varied cybersecurity incident reporting requirements across numerous jurisdictions. With the often short timeframes required for cybersecurity incident reporting, there is a risk that we or our associated third parties will fail to meet the reporting deadlines for any given incident. Regardless of where an incident occurs, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of a cybersecurity incident, particularly in the case of a sophisticated attack. These factors may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident to our customers, partners and regulators, as well as to the public. If we are unable to comply with reporting requirements, we could be subject to monetary damages, civil and criminal penalties, litigation, investigations and proceedings and damage to our reputation. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 20 Table of Contents Software and hardware defects, failures, undetected errors and development delays could affect our ability to deliver our services, damage customer relations, expose us to liability and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our core services are based on software and computing systems that may encounter development delays, and the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses, defects or vulnerabilities. The hardware infrastructure on which our systems run may have faulty components or fail. Defects in our software services, underlying hardware or errors or delays in our processing of digital transactions could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts and could result in loss of business, loss of credibility with current or potential customers, harm to our reputation and exposure to liability claims. We may not be able to effectively mitigate these risks or to implement new technology to address these risks in a timely fashion. In instances in which we rely on third-party software, our services are occasionally affected by defects, viruses, vulnerabilities, security incidents or other failures that take place at the vendor level. Depending on the circumstances, a vendor failure could cause delays, disruption or data loss or damage, and therefore cause harm to our credibility, reputation or financial condition. In addition, our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur. We depend on relationships with third parties. Our systems or our third-party providers' systems may fail, or we may be unable to renew or renegotiate agreements with key suppliers, which could interrupt our service, cause us to lose business, increase our costs and expose us to liability. We depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer systems, software, data centers and telecommunications networks, as well as the systems and services of third parties. Not only could we suffer damage to our reputation in the event of a system outage or data loss, but we could also be liable to third parties. Certain of our contractual agreements with customers require the payment of penalties if we do not meet certain operating standards. Our systems and operations or those of our third-party providers could be exposed to damage or interruption from, among other things, fire; climate-related events, including extreme weather events; natural disasters; pandemics; power loss; telecommunications failure; terrorist acts; war; unauthorized entry; cybersecurity attacks; human error; hardware failure; and computer viruses, vulnerabilities or other defects. We have been and continue to be exposed to defects in our systems or those of third parties, errors or delays in the processing of payment transactions, telecommunications failures, or other difficulties (including those related to system relocation), which could result in loss of revenues, loss of customers, loss of merchant and cardholder data, harm to our business or reputation, exposure to fraud losses or other liabilities, negative publicity, additional operating and development costs, litigation expenses, fines and other sanctions imposed by card networks or regulators and/or diversion of technical and other resources. There is also a risk that third-party suppliers of hardware and infrastructure required to support our employee productivity or our suppliers could be affected by supply chain disruptions or delays caused by the events described above. An extended supply chain disruption could also affect the delivery of our services. In addition, if we are unable to renew or renegotiate our agreements with key suppliers on favorable terms to us or at all, or find alternative third-party providers, our services may be affected. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may be unable to integrate the business of Worldpay successfully or realize the anticipated benefits of the Worldpay Acquisition, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The acquisition and integration of Worldpay involves a number of risks. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly and time consuming, and we will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of Worldpay. Potential difficulties that we may encounter as part of the integration process include the following: The inability to successfully combine the business of Worldpay in a manner that permits us to achieve, on a timely basis, or at all, the enhanced revenue opportunities and cost savings and other benefits anticipated to result from the acquisition; Complexities associated with managing the combined businesses, including difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies and the challenge of integrating complex systems, technology, networks and other assets in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees and other stakeholders (with such complexities heightened because we are managing the separation of our Issuer Solutions business, which was recently divested to FIS, at the same time we are managing the integration of Worldpay); 21 Table of Contents Our ability to retain personnel after the Worldpay Acquisition, including Worldpay's key management, who may be critical to our future operations, which could disrupt our operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs; Our ability to manage the combined, now significantly larger, Merchant Solutions business, including challenges related to management and monitoring of new operations and the associated increased costs and complexity of the combined business; Our ability to realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements or other benefits currently anticipated from the Worldpay Acquisition; Potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the Worldpay Acquisition, including as it relates to our or Worldpay's ability to successfully renew existing client contracts on favorable terms or at all and obtain new clients; Potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the acquisition; and Diversion of the attention of management and the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, our ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. Any of these factors could affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other stakeholders or achieve the anticipated benefits of the Worldpay Acquisition, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The integration and conversion of our acquired operations or other future acquisitions, if any, could result in increased operating costs if the anticipated synergies from the combination are not achieved on a timely basis or at all, a loss of strategic opportunities if management is distracted by the integration process and a loss of customers if our service levels drop during or following the integration process. The acquisition, integration, and conversion of businesses and the formation or operation of alliances or joint ventures and other partnering arrangements involve a number of risks, including our acquisition and integration of Worldpay. Core risks are in the area of valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on, in certain cases, limited diligence) and integration and conversion (managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company's people, services, information security and technology and other assets to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition). In addition, international acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances often involve additional or increased risks, including, for example: managing geographically separated organizations, systems, and facilities; integrating personnel with diverse cultural and business backgrounds and organizational cultures; complying with foreign regulatory requirements; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, regulatory licensure, customer acceptance and business knowledge of those new markets; and general economic and political conditions. See Risks Related to General Economic Conditions We are subject to economic and geopolitical risk, health and social events or conditions, the business cycles and credit risk of our customers and the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. for further information about how general economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If the integration and conversion process with respect to the Worldpay Acquisition and other acquisitions does not proceed smoothly or on a timely basis, the following factors, among others, could reduce our revenues and earnings, increase our operating costs and result in us not achieving projected synergies, each adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows: If we are unable to successfully integrate the benefits plans, duties and responsibilities, and other factors of interest to the management and employees of the acquired business, we could lose employees to our competitors in the region, which could significantly affect our ability to operate the business effectively and complete the integration; If the integration process causes any delays with the delivery of our services, or the quality of those services, we could lose customers to our competitors; 22 Table of Contents The acquisition or joint venture may otherwise cause disruption to, as applicable, our, the acquired company s or our joint venture partners' current and future business and operations and relationships with financial institution sponsors, customers, merchants, employees and other partners; There may be potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the acquisition or joint venture, including as it relates to our or the acquired company's or our joint venture partners' ability to successfully renew existing client contracts on favorable terms or at all and obtain new clients; The acquisition or joint venture and the related integration could divert the attention of our management from other strategic matters; The data security, cybersecurity and operational resilience posture of the acquired entities, joint ventures or companies we invest in or partner with, may not be adequate and may be more susceptible to a system failure, service disruption or cybersecurity incident or attack; and The costs related to the integration of the acquired business and operations into ours may be greater than anticipated or such integration and achievement of cost savings could come at the expense of other aspects of our operations, including degradation of products and services, which may incur additional and/or unexpected costs in order to realize these cost savings. The payments technology industry is highly competitive and highly innovative, and some of our competitors have greater financial and operational resources than we do, which may give them an advantage with respect to the pricing of services offered to customers and the ability to develop new and disruptive technologies. We operate in the payments technology industry, which is highly competitive and highly innovative. In this industry, our primary competitors include other independent payment processors, card processing firms, third-party card processing software institutions, as well as financial institutions, ISOs, payment facilitators and, potentially, card networks. Some of our current and potential competitors may be larger than we are and have greater financial and operational resources or brand recognition than we have. Our competitors that are financial institutions or subsidiaries of financial institutions do not incur the costs associated with being sponsored by a direct member for participation in the card networks, as we do in certain jurisdictions, and may be able to settle transactions more quickly for merchants than we can. These financial institutions may also provide payment processing services to merchants at lower margins or at a loss in order to generate banking fees from such merchants. It is also possible that larger financial institutions could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. These attributes may provide them with a competitive advantage in the market. Furthermore, we are facing increasing competition from nontraditional competitors, including new entrant technology companies, who offer certain innovations in payment method acceptance and processing. Some of these competitors utilize proprietary software and service solutions. Some of these nontraditional competitors have significant financial resources and robust networks and are highly regarded by consumers. In addition, some nontraditional competitors, such as private companies or startup companies, may be less risk averse than we are and, therefore, may be able to respond more quickly to market demands. These competitors may compete in ways that minimize or remove the role of traditional card networks, acquirers, issuers and processors in the digital payments process. If these nontraditional competitors gain a greater share of total digital payments transactions, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In order to remain competitive and to continue to increase our revenues and earnings, we must continually and quickly update our services, a process that could result in higher costs and the loss of revenues, earnings and customers if the new services do not perform as intended or are not accepted in the marketplace. The payments technology industry in which we compete is characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs. In order to remain competitive, we are continually involved in a number of projects, including the development of new platforms, products, mobile payment applications, ecommerce services and other new offerings emerging in the payments technology industry. These projects carry the risks associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and implementation and performance problems, which could in turn lead to impairment of long-lived assets associated with projects. In the payments technology industry, these risks are even more acute. Any delay in the delivery and implementation of new services or the failure to differentiate our services could render our services less desirable to customers, or possibly even obsolete. Furthermore, as the market for alternative payment processing services evolves, it may develop too rapidly or not rapidly enough for us to recover the costs we have incurred in developing new services targeted at this market, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 23 Table of Contents In addition, certain of the services we deliver to the payments technology industry are designed to process very complex transactions and deliver reports and other information on those transactions, all at very high volumes and processing speeds. Any failure to deliver effective, accurate, compliant and secure services or any performance issue that arises with a new service could result in significant processing or reporting errors or other losses. We rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. If development efforts are required or if promised new services are not delivered timely to our customers or do not perform as anticipated, we could incur higher costs, a loss of revenues and lower earnings and cash flows. Our revenues from the provision of services to merchants that accept Visa and Mastercard, or any other network, are dependent upon our continued Visa and Mastercard registrations, financial institution sponsorship and, in some cases, continued membership in certain card networks. In order to provide our Visa and Mastercard transaction processing services, we must be either a direct member or registered as a merchant processor of Visa and Mastercard, respectively. Registration as a merchant processor is dependent upon our being sponsored by members of each organization in certain jurisdictions. If a sponsor financial institution in any of the markets in which we currently, or in the future may, operate should stop providing sponsorship for us, we would need to find another financial institution to provide those services or we would need to attain direct membership with the card networks, either of which could prove to be difficult and expensive. Relatedly, transitioning to a new sponsor financial institution requires technical development work, which takes time and investments. If we were unable to find a replacement financial institution to provide sponsorship or transition to a new sponsor financial institution in a timely manner or attain direct membership, we may no longer be able to provide processing services to affected and potential customers in that market, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, some agreements with our financial institution sponsors give them substantial discretion in approving certain aspects of our business practices, including our solicitation, application and qualification procedures for merchants and the terms of our agreements with merchants. Our sponsors' discretionary actions under these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In connection with direct membership, the rules and regulations of various card associations and card networks prescribe certain capital requirements. Any increase in the capital level required would limit our use of capital for other purposes. The termination of our registration, or any changes in the rules of Visa or Mastercard or any other network that would impair our registration or prevent us from providing services to our customers, could require us to stop providing payment processing services or prevent us from successfully submitting transactions to such network, which would make it impossible for us to conduct our business on its current scale. The rules of the card networks may be influenced by card issuers, and some of those issuers also provide acquiring services and may be our competitors. If we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the card networks, the card networks could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations or membership. The termination of our registrations or our membership or our status as a merchant processor, or any changes in card association or other network rules or standards, including interpretation and implementation of the rules or standards, that increase the cost of doing business or limit our ability to provide transaction processing services to our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If a merchant fails to comply with the applicable requirements of the card associations and networks, we, the merchant or, in some cases the ISO, could be subject to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card associations or networks. If we cannot collect or pursue collection of such amounts from the applicable merchant or, in some cases the ISO, we may have to bear the cost of such fines or penalties, resulting in lower earnings for us. We rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If we are unable to maintain clearing services with these financial institutions and are unable to find a replacement, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. If such financial institutions should stop providing clearing services, we would have to find other financial institutions to provide those services. If we were unable to find a replacement financial institution, we may no longer be able to provide processing services to certain customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Increased merchant, referral partner, ISO or payment facilitator attrition could cause our financial results to decline. We experience attrition in merchant credit and debit card processing volume resulting from several factors, including merchant closures, loss of merchant accounts to our competitors, unsuccessful contract renewal negotiations and account closures that we initiate for various reasons, such as heightened credit risks or contract breaches by merchants. Our referral 24 Table of Contents partners are a significant source of new business. If a referral partner switches to another transaction processor, terminates our services, internalizes payment processing functions that we perform, merges with or is acquired by one of our competitors or shuts down or becomes insolvent, we may no longer receive new merchant referrals from such referral partner, and we risk losing existing merchants that were originally enrolled by the referral partner. We cannot predict the level of attrition in the future, and it could increase. Higher than historical attrition may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our future growth depends, in part, on the continued expansion within the markets in which we already operate, the emergence of and our successful entry into new markets and the continued availability of alliance relationships as well as strategic acquisition and joint venture opportunities. Our future growth and profitability also depend on our ability to deepen our presence in our existing markets, benefit from the further development of these markets, and capitalize on the emergence of new markets for payment technology and software solutions. As part of our strategy, we look for acquisition and joint venture opportunities, investments and alliance relationships with other businesses, including referral partners, ISOs and other financial institutions, that will allow us to increase our market penetration, technological capabilities, service offerings and distribution capabilities. We may not be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition, joint venture, investment and alliance candidates in the future; and if we do, they may not provide us with the value and benefits we anticipate, which may inhibit our growth prospects and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our expansion into new markets is also dependent upon our ability to apply our existing technology or to develop new applications to meet the particular service needs of each new market. We may not have the financial or technological resources necessary to develop effective and secure services and distribution channels that will satisfy the demands of these new markets. If we fail to expand into new and existing markets for payment technology and software solutions, we may not be able to continue to grow our revenues and earnings. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by a variety of factors, including adverse financial conditions, trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments. A number of countries, including countries in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, have implemented or are considering restrictions on foreign investments. Governments may continue to tighten or expand economic sanctions, tariffs or trade restrictions of this nature, and such restrictions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to integrate and manage our expanded business, which could pose substantial challenges for our management team, including managing and monitoring new operations and the associated costs and complexity. There may be a decline in the use of cards and other digital payments as a payment mechanism for consumers, or other adverse developments affecting the card industry in general. If consumers do not continue to use credit, debit or other digital payment methods of the type we process as a payment mechanism for their transactions, or if there is a change in the mix of payments between cash, checks, credit cards and debit cards that is adverse to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, res