=== [ER] q1-2026-download-press-release-ssb-en-1--data.pdf ===
Media Release Aubagne, France | April 23, 2026 Sartorius Stedim Biotech reports robust first-quarter results for fiscal 2026 ▪ Sales revenue at 762 million euros, up 7.9 percent in constant currencies (reported: +2.3 percent) ▪ Significant growth in recurring business with consumables for bioprocessing ▪ Profitability remains resilient: Underlying EBITDA1 of 233 million euros and margin at 30.7 percent, net profit of 88 million euros ▪ Management confirms full-year guidance for fiscal 2026 Sartorius Stedim Biotech, a leading provider of innovative technologies for the manufacture of biologics, started the fiscal year in line with expectations and continued its growth path by expanding both sales revenue and earnings. “Sartorius Stedim Biotech is off to a good start in 2026. Sales revenue grew solidly in the first quarter, primarily due to the continued strength of our consumables business. As expected, business with equipment remained soft but we anticipate stronger sales in the second quarter, supporting a healthy first-half performance. Looking at our profitability, we maintained a resilient profit margin amid geopolitical tensions, ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty, and tariff-related headwinds,” said Dr. René Fáber, CEO of Sartorius Stedim Biotech. “Our biopharma customers operate in increasingly complex manufacturing environments, where process and cost efficiency are becoming more essential. With innovations such as our newly launched Eveo Cell Therapy Platform, we can make a real difference for manufacturers and patients by significantly increasing output while decreasing timelines and costs. Given the market developments, our strong business model, and solid performance in the first quarter, we confirm our guidance fiscal 2026.” Business development1 In the first three months of fiscal 2026, Sartorius Stedim Biotech generated sales revenue of 762 million euros, a robust growth of 7.9 percent in constant currencies compared with the prior-year quarter. The development was primarily driven by the strong recurring business with consumables for biopharma manufacturing; business with bioprocess equipment showed the expected volatility, with improvement anticipated in the second quarter of the year. Reported sales revenue growth amounted to 2.3 percent, due to adverse currency effects. All regions contributed to the positive business development: In the EMEA region, sales revenue grew by 9.1 percent in constant currencies to 338 million euros, while the 

=== [ER] q1-2026-download-earnings-report-ssb-en-data.pdf ===
Earnings Release Release Aubagne, France | April 23, 2026 Sartorius Stedim Biotech reports robust first-quarter results for fiscal 2026 ▪ Sales revenue at 762 million euros, up 7.9 percent in constant currencies (reported: +2.3 percent) ▪ Significant growth in recurring business with consumables for bioprocessing ▪ Profitability remains resilient: Underlying EBITDA1 of 233 million euros and margin at 30.7 percent, net profit of 88 million euros ▪ Management confirms full-year guidance for fiscal 2026 Sartorius Stedim Biotech, a leading provider of innovative technologies for the manufacture of biologics, started the fiscal year in line with expectations and continued its growth path by expanding both sales revenue and earnings. “Sartorius Stedim Biotech is off to a good start in 2026. Sales revenue grew solidly in the first quarter, primarily due to the continued strength of our consumables business. As expected, business with equipment remained soft but we anticipate stronger sales in the second quarter, supporting a healthy first-half performance. Looking at our profitability, we maintained a resilient profit margin amid geopolitical tensions, ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty, and tariff-related headwinds,” said Dr. René Fáber, CEO of Sartorius Stedim Biotech. “Our biopharma customers operate in increasingly complex manufacturing environments, where process and cost efficiency are becoming more essential. With innovations such as our newly launched Eveo Cell Therapy Platform, we can make a real difference for manufacturers and patients by significantly increasing output while decreasing timelines and costs. Given the market developments, our strong business model, and solid performance in the first quarter, we confirm our guidance fiscal 2026.” Business development1 In the first three months of fiscal 2026, Sartorius Stedim Biotech generated sales revenue of 762 million euros, a robust growth of 7.9 percent in constant currencies compared with the prior-year quarter. The development was primarily driven by the strong recurring business with consumables for biopharma manufacturing; business with bioprocess equipment showed the expected volatility, with improvement anticipated in the second quarter of the year. Reported sales revenue growth amounted to 2.3 percent, due to adverse currency effects. All regions contributed to the positive business development: In the EMEA region, sales revenue grew by 9.1 percent in constant currencies to 338 million euros,

=== [ER] 9m-2025-download-earnings-report-ssb-en-data.pdf ===
Earnings Release Aubagne, France | October 16, 2025 Sartorius Stedim Biotech publishes unaudited results for the first nine months of 2025  Sales revenue reaches 2,195 million euros, up by a double-digit 10.2 percent in constant currencies (reported: 8.2 percent)  High-margin consumables business records continued significant growth  Underlying EBITDA1 increases by 21.0 percent to 683 million euros, outpacing sales revenue growth; underlying EBITDA margin climbs to 31.1 percent  Management sharpens full-year guidance at upper end of forecast range Sartorius Stedim Biotech, a leading partner to the biopharmaceutical industry, maintained its dynamic growth path with significant increases in sales revenue and profitability in the first three quarters of the fiscal year. “Sartorius Stedim Biotech delivered a strong performance in the first nine months of the year, driven by substantial, double-digit growth in our consumables business. While customers are still hesitant to invest, we do see our bioprocessing equipment business stabilizing. In light of these positive developments, we are very confident about the remainder of the year and have sharpened our 2025 forecast at the upper end of the previously defined range,” said Dr. René Fáber, CEO of Sartorius Stedim Biotech. “Our biopharma customers are under increasing pressure to accelerate timelines and cut costs for innovative therapies – while patients await breakthrough treatments. We support them with a portfolio designed to simplify processes, intensify production, and scale up with confidence.” Business development1 In the first nine months of fiscal 2025, Sartorius Stedim Biotech recorded a significant increase in sales revenue of 10.2 percent in constant currencies, reaching 2,195 million euros. The reported growth rate stood at 8.2 percent, mainly due to the depreciation of the US dollar. The development was driven by the high-margin business with consumables for the manufacture of biopharmaceuticals, which continued its strong growth trend. While remaining soft due to the industry-wide reluctance of customers to invest, business with bioprocess equipment and systems is stabilizing. All regions contributed to the positive development: Sales revenue in the Americas and Asia/Pacific regions saw double-digit growth, up 11.8 percent and 11.2 percent respectively in constant currencies. In the EMEA region, where business recovery had already begun earlier, sales revenue rose by 8.4 percent. Underlying E

=== [ER] q1-2025-download-quarterly-report-ssb-en-data.pdf ===
Earnings Release Aubagne, France | April 16, 2025 Sartorius Stedim Biotech publishes unaudited first quarter results for 2025 ▪ Sales revenue at 745 million euros, up 10.4 percent in constant currencies1 (reported: 11.7 percent) ▪ High demand for consumables for biomanufacturing, while customer investment in equipment is still muted; book-to-bill ratio1 well above 1 ▪ Underlying EBITDA1 at 229 million euros, EBITDA margin at 30.8 percent; net profit of 85 million euros ▪ Full-year guidance 2025: Sales revenue increase of approximately 7 percent and underlying EBITDA margin of around 30 to 31 percent projected Sartorius Stedim Biotech, a leading partner to the biopharmaceutical industry, started the fiscal year 2025 with a strong first quarter and achieved double-digit profitable growth in sales revenue. “The first three months of the year underline the positive momentum we already saw in the second half of 2024, and we are satisfied with our achievements. While customers remained cautious with their investments in equipment, our high-margin recurring business with consumable products is performing very well across all regions,” said Dr. René Fáber, CEO of Sartorius Stedim Biotech. “Looking ahead, we are confident about the development of the biopharma market and the increasing demand for innovative technologies that help bring new therapies to patients faster and at affordable prices. For the full year 2025, we expect to grow our sales revenue by around 7 percent and to continue to significantly expand our profit margin.” Business development1 In the first quarter of the fiscal year, Sartorius Stedim Biotech recorded double-digit sales revenue growth of 10.4 percent in constant currencies (reported: 11.7 percent) to 745 million euros. The book-to-bill ratio, which reflects the proportion of order intake to sales revenue, was well above 1. All business regions contributed to the positive trend in sales revenue: The Americas region recorded a gain of 13.8 percent in constant currencies over the prior-year period, while EMEA2 increased by 8.9 percent. Sales revenue in the Asia/Pacific region was up 7.8 percent; excluding China, the region grew by 14.2 percent. Underlying EBITDA rose overproportionately to sales revenue by 19.9 percent to 229 million euros between January and March. In addition to higher volumes and product mix effects, the previous year’s efficiency program made a positive contribution. The underlying EBITDA margin increased to 30.8 percent (

=== [ER] h1-2025-download-media-release-ssb-en-data.pdf ===
Media Release Aubagne, France | July 22, 2025 Half-year results 2025 of Sartorius Stedim Biotech ▪ Sales revenue at 1,490 million euros, up 9.4 percent in constant currencies1 (reported: 8.5 percent) ▪ As expected, very positive development in high-margin consumables business continues ▪ Underlying EBITDA1 increases overproportionately by 19.3 percent to 462 million euros, EBITDA margin reaches 31.0 percent ▪ Management confirms guidance for 2025 Sartorius Stedim Biotech, a leading partner to the biopharmaceutical industry, continued its strong performance during the first half of 2025 and recorded significant growth in both sales revenue and profitability. “In the first six months of the year, our high-margin recurring business with consumables has continued to grow, as expected, also contributing to a substantially enhanced profitability. Driven by strong underlying customer demand for single-use solutions for bioprocessing, we have seen sales revenue increase across all regions,” said Dr. René Fáber, CEO of Sartorius Stedim Biotech. “Our innovative technologies enable customers to bring existing therapies to patients faster and at lower cost – while unlocking new treatment possibilities. Given the robust results of the first half of the year and the ongoing promising trends in the biopharma market, we remain confident in our outlook for the remainder of 2025.” Business development1 In the first half of the fiscal year, Sartorius Stedim Biotech recorded an increase in sales revenue of 9.4 percent in constant currencies (reported: 8.5 percent) to 1.490 million euros. As expected, this growth was led by the high-margin recurring business with consumables, while the industry-wide reluctance of customers to invest continued to impact the equipment and systems business. All regions contributed to the positive development: The Americas region reported a substantial year-over-year gain of 11.0 percent in constant currencies, EMEA2 grew by 8.7 percent and sales revenue in the Asia/Pacific region was up 8.1 percent. Underlying EBITDA rose even more significantly than sales revenue, increasing by a strong 19.3 percent to 462 million euros, mainly due to volume and product mix effects as well as economies of scale. The corresponding margin grew by 2.8 percentage points to 31.0 percent (PY 28.2 percent). Underlying net profit increased by 38.3 percent to 228 million euros (PY 165 million euros) and net profit after non-controlling interest surged by 48.2 percent to 

=== [ES] q1-2026-download-conference-call-presentation-data.pdf ===
Investor Conference Call Q1 2026 Results Michael Grosse, Florian Funck, René Fáber Sartorius | Sartorius Stedim Biotech | April 23, 2026 Agenda Sartorius Group Q1 2026 results | FY 2026 outlook Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group Q1 2026 results | FY 2026 outlook Questions & Answers 2 Sartorius Group Q1 marks positive start to 2026 Group ▪ Substantial sales revenue growth; robust growth contribution of consumables in both divisions ▪ Resilient ul EBITDA margin despite tariff headwinds and investments in future growth initiatives Q1 2026 performance ▪ Strong free cash flow development; continued deleveraging Bioprocess Solutions Lab Products & Services ▪ Revenue up ~8%1, reflecting strength of ▪ Revenue up ~5%1; continued positive recurring business ▪ Soft start of equipment business as expected; positive outlook for remainder of the year 2026 guidance confirmed 1 Constant currencies 3 ▪ Group sales revenue growth1 of ~5% to ~9% ▪ Ul. EBITDA slightly above 30% development since H2 2025 ▪ Strong consumables and positive bioanalytics business contributing to growth High customer interest underscores relevance of Sartorius’ innovations across biologics development and manufacturing More efficient cell therapy manufacturing 4 More efficient cell line development Eveo Cell Therapy Platform CellCelector CLD Genetically engineered CHO host cell line Automated, multi-parallel production for up to 4× higher yield Automated clone selection and advanced imaging Faster clone development and up to 3× higher productivity Sartorius Group Substantial sales growth driven by continued consumables strength Sartorius Group Sales revenue | € in millions +7.5% cc | +1.8% 883 Q1 2025 899 Q1 2026 Bioprocess Solutions Sales revenue | € in millions +8.1% cc | +2.4% 718 Q1 2025 Lab Products & Services Sales revenue | € in millions +4.9% cc | -0.6% 735 Q1 2026 165 164 Q1 2025 Q1 2026 ▪ Continued strong recurring business ▪ BPS equipment business showed expected soft start to the year; positive momentum of bioanalytics business in LPS ▪ MATTEK contributes ~2.8pp to LPS growth 5 Sartorius Group All regions cont