=== OSK_2026-03-26.htm.gz ===
tm261338-3_nonfiling - none - 16.1301794s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Oshkosh Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders DATE May 5, 2026 TIME 8:00 a.m. CDT LOCATION virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OSK2026 March 26, 2026 HOW TO ATTEND THE 2026 VIRTUAL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS MEETING This year s Annual Meeting will be virtual and held online via live webcast. To attend the Annual Meeting and examine our list of shareholders, you will need to visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OSK2026, and you will be required to enter the control number on your proxy card or voting instruction form. Your vote is very important. Even if you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, please vote your shares as soon as possible, either online or by phone as directed in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or by returning a completed proxy card in the envelope provided. Even if you vote in advance, you are still entitled to attend and vote at the Annual Meeting. If you vote at the Annual Meeting, that vote will have the effect of revoking any prior proxy. By Order of the Board of Directors, Agenda 1. To elect ten directors (p. 7 ); 2. To ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP, as our independent registered public accounting firm (p. 26 ); 3. To approve, by advisory vote, the compensation of our named executive officers (p. 61 ); 4. To vote on a shareholder proposal on the subject of directors who fail to obtain a majority vote (p. 63 ); and 5. To consider and act on such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Ignacio A. Cortina Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and Secretary YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT You can submit your vote by: Internet at www.proxyvote.com Calling toll-free from the United States or Canada to +1 800.690.6903 Mailing the signed proxy or voting instructions form Attending the Virtual Annual Meeting Scan the QR code from your mobile device OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Proxy statement summary 1 Proposal 1: Election of directors 7 Director compensation 16 Governance of the Company 18 Proposal 2: Ratification of the appointment of independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 26 Stock ownership 28 Compensation discussion and analysis 30 Executive summary 30 Introduction and overview 30 Say-on-pay 31 Human Resources Committee oversight responsibilities 32 Compensation philosophy and objectives 32 Annual compensation program design review 33 Analysis of peer group and industry data 33 Compensation decisions for 2025 34 Base salary 34 Summary of 2025 base salary adjustments 34 Annual cash incentive awards 34 Annual cash incentive awards: Operating income and 2025 results 35 Annual cash incentive awards: Free cash flow conversion and 2025 results 35 2025 annual incentive award payouts 36 Equity-based long-term incentive awards 36 Performance share awards 37 Total shareholder return 37 TSR-results that impacted 2025 38 Return on invested capital 38 ROIC-results that impacted 2025 39 Sustainability-results that impacted 2025 39 Restricted stock units 39 Retirement benefits 40 Deferred compensation 40 Other benefits 40 Executive employment and other agreements 40 Severance agreement 41 Executive severance policy 41 Change-in-control agreements 41 Executive incentive compensation recovery policy 41 Stock ownership guidelines for executive officers 42 Equity grant timing practices 42 Prohibition against hedging and pledging 42 Prohibition against insider trading 42 Tax treatment of compensation 42 Relation of our compensation policies and procedures to risk management 43 Human Resources Committee report 43 Executive compensation tables 44 Additional disclosures 57 Proposal 3: Advisory vote to approve executive compensation 61 Proposal 4: Shareholder proposal Directors who fail to obtain a majority vote 63 General information about the annual meeting and voting 66 FREQUENTLY REFERENCED Director Compensation 16 Stock Ownership Table 28 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 32 Compensation Decisions for 2025 34 2025 Summary Compensation Table 44 OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary To assist you in reviewing the proposals to be considered at the Annual Meeting, we call your attention to the following summary, which includes information about our 2025 financial performance. For more complete information, please review our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and this entire Proxy Statement. We mailed our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, and we are making available this Proxy Statement on March 26, 2026, to all Oshkosh shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 2, 2026, the record date for voting at the Annual Meeting. Voting matters and recommendations The following proposals are scheduled to be presented at the upcoming 2026 Annual Shareholders Meeting: PROPOSALS Board s Recommendation Page Proposal 1 Election of ten directors, each to hold office until the 2027 Annual Shareholders Meeting FOR each nominee 7 Proposal 2 Ratification of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 FOR 26 Proposal 3 Advisory vote to approve executive compensation FOR 61 Proposal 4 Shareholder proposal on the subject of directors who fail to obtain a majority vote AGAINST 63 OSHKOSH STRENGTHS, STRATEGY AND 2025 HIGHLIGHTS Oshkosh Corporation (Oshkosh or Company) is a global industrial technology company that designs and deploys advanced technologies to empower everyday heroes. We create purpose-built vehicles, equipment and integrated ecosystems that are safe, intuitive and highly productive. Driven by our purpose of making a difference in the lives of people who build, serve and protect communities around the world, we leverage our strengths to support long-term growth in revenue, operating income and return on invested capital (ROIC). Leveraging innovation and collaboration across our three business segments Access, Vocational and Transport we believe our key strengths include: Powerful brands and product portfolios: We believe our broad product portfolio and potential to share innovation and technology across diverse end applications position us as the supplier of choice for vehicles, equipment, parts and services in each of our target markets. Innovative, purpose-built solutions: Our advanced design and engineering capabilities have contributed to the development of innovative, purpose-built solutions that elevate performance, reduce total cost of ownership and deepen customer loyalty. Strong market positions: We hold strong market positions and brand recognition in our core businesses due to the quality, durability and low total cost of ownership of our products. Focus on quality and lifecycle support: We are committed to meeting stringent product quality and reliability requirements of our customers in the markets we serve, while also providing high quality lifecycle support through extensive parts and service support programs. Flexible, technology-enabled manufacturing: We believe our ability to deliver flexible, tailored solutions while leveraging our scale and advanced manufacturing capabilities gives us a distinct competitive advantage. High-performing leadership team: We benefit from a dynamic leadership team drawn from both internal development and strategic external recruitment, maintained by a rigorous succession planning process to ensure continuity, long-term strategy execution and sustained high performance. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary We describe our strategy with three simple words: Innovate. Serve. Advance. We believe this strategy provides the necessary framework to drive long-term, sustainable growth and is grounded in our purpose of making a difference for those who build, serve and protect communities around the world. INNOVATE. SERVE. ADVANCE. Develop safe, intuitive and productive solutions to real-world challenges through advanced technology and proven expertise in intelligent, connected products; electrification; autonomy; and active safety. Deliver solutions that support the installed base, promote uptime and create value across every stage of ownership, including tools enhancing fleet intelligence; deep customer relationships; fleet uptime, productivity and safety enhancements; on-demand parts fulfillment; and continuous product advancement. Expand our leading portfolio to adjacent products, verticals and geographies through pursuit of category expansion; lifecycle categories; adjacent markets; purpose-built vehicles and equipment; and technology. Oshkosh delivered solid results in 2025 despite a dynamic international trade environment that contributed to increased tariff costs, economic uncertainty and more judicious spending by some customers. Our performance reflects the impact of strategic actions we have taken in recent years to enhance resilience and operational success. We maintain a positive long-term outlook, supported by market fundamentals that we believe are strong, visibility that our backlogs provide and an expanding portfolio of innovative products. In 2025, Oshkosh generated $10.4 billion in revenue, a decrease of 2.9% versus 2024, and achieved $939.5 million in operating income, representing a 7.0% year over year decrease. These results translated into diluted earnings per share of $10.02. The charts below illustrate our revenue, operating income and earnings per share performance over the past three years. Further, we generated net cash from operating activities of $783.4 million, up 42% from $550.1 million in 2024, and remain focused on reinvesting in our core businesses, delivering returns to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and pursuing growth through strategic acquisitions. In 2025, we returned $408.4 million of cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases, up 73% from $236.0 million in 2024. We announced an 11.8% increase in our quarterly dividend rate from $0.51 to $0.57 per share on January 29, 2026, which marks our 12th straight year of double-digit percentage increases in the Company s dividend rate and reflects the confidence we have in our business model and our longer-term outlook. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Highlights for 2025 Include: Added Steven Nordlund as the Executive Vice President and President, Transport Segment in July 2025 and promoted Jackie Nystrom to Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer effective January 1, 2026. Hosted an Investor Day where we discussed our plans for growth through 2028. Secured strong orders that we believe provide good visibility into 2026 as we ended 2025 with a backlog of $14.2 billion. Continued to invest in throughput capacity for Pierce Manufacturing, Inc. (Pierce) as part of our $150 million plan to expand facilities and integrate advanced technologies in manufacturing, responding to strong demand for fire apparatus and airport products that helped to deliver record revenues for our Vocational segment in 2025. Increased production of the Next Generation Delivery Vehicle (NGDV) at our state-of-the-art facility in Spartanburg, South Carolina. With thousands of NGDVs on the road in nearly all 50 states, we are improving the daily lives and work environments for thousands of U.S. postal workers. Secured several important defense contracts including a key three-year sole source extension for our Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles program and a direct commercial sale contract with the Dutch Marine Corps for international Joint Light Tactical Vehicles. Launched the JLG Micro-Sized series of scissor lifts. This family of products is popular with data center operators who need high quality equipment that can perform in tight spaces where performance is essential. Continued to ramp up the global launch of ClearSky Smart Fleet , the industry s first true, two-way fleet management and communication platform. We now have more than 150,000 connected assets in the field, comprising what we believe is one of the largest connected equipment fleets in the world. Continued to invest in technology focus areas including robotics, autonomy, artificial intelligence (AI), connectivity and electrification that highlight the Company s technology leadership. Named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the seventh consecutive year. Named to Ethisphere s list of World s Most Ethical Companies for the tenth consecutive year. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AND SUSTAINABILITY Oshkosh fosters a People First, Safety Always culture, and we invest in programs to enable the engagement, safety, wellbeing and development of our team members. Our People First Culture. We believe in putting people first, which means caring for our team members, customers and communities, and building a company that understands that prioritizing people will enable us to deliver our strategy of Innovate. Serve. Advance. Our strategy is grounded in our purpose making a difference in people s lives. We believe that an engaging culture enhances the perspectives and innovation that are critical to our strategy. Engaging, connecting with and developing team members is a central focus of our People First culture. We communicate regularly through town halls, newsletters and team-building events. We employ a continuous listening strategy through our engagement survey platform and methodology, which allows us to collect feedback on a bi-monthly basis for our professional workforce and annually for our production workforce. This has allowed us to respond dynamically to our team member feedback and make improvements. Our passion for serving our community continued with our Oshkosh team donating over 20,800 volunteer hours to local charities. Workplace Safety, Health and Wellbeing . At Oshkosh, we are always committed to the safety, security, health, and wellbeing of our team members. We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes programs designed to support team members and their families, including incentives that encourage participation in preventive care services. The Company prioritizes safe working conditions through proactive hazard identification, accountability and risk mitigation practices, working collaboratively to reduce occupational injuries. In 2025, we reduced our recordable incident rate by 13% and our Days Away, Restricted or Transferred rate by 13% compared to 2024. Through our People First, Safety Always culture, we continue to build on this momentum and remain focused on creating a safe, healthy and secure workplace. Talent and Learning. Our ability to attract, develop and retain world-class talent is critical to our business strategy. In 2025, the Company offered leadership development programs across all levels, from front-line leaders to executives. The Company continued a series of executive leadership development events and offered virtual learning opportunities to all managers on topics of change management, ethical leadership, and the importance of feedback and performance. Team members of the Company logged over 246,000 learning hours in 2025. The Company leverages its enterprise Learning Management System to enable all team members to access learning content on its technology platform. Workforce Demographics. As of December 31, 2025, Oshkosh had approximately 18,400 team members, approximately 11,750 of whom were production team members. Approximately 2,700 of these team members were located outside the United States. Sustainability. We are proud to be a leader in sustainable business practices. We were recently named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the seventh consecutive year. We have received numerous awards and recognition for being a leader in sustainability and encourage you to read more about our commitment to responsible business practices in our Oshkosh Corporation Sustainability Report. We are not including the information contained in that report as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Proxy Statement. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT We are proud of our frequent and active shareholder engagement. In 2025, we continued our investor outreach throughout the year by participating in numerous investor conferences and investor meetings. A summary of in-person and virtual outreach in 2025 is listed below: participated in 15 investor conferences hosted seven investor visits to Oshkosh facilities participated in four non-deal roadshows: three in the United States and one in Europe hosted an Investor Day focused on long-term value creation and updates from senior leadership on strategy, financial targets and capital allocation priorities held discussions with investors at tradeshows and other events conducted approximately 360 company discussions with shareholders and prospective shareholders Our team uses a purposeful and deliberate approach to build better lines of communication between investors and management. As we continue our efforts to build and strengthen our relationships with the investment community, we encourage you to contact us via any of the methods below: WRITE CALL EMAIL ATTEND EVENTS Corporate Secretary Oshkosh Corporation 1917 Four Wheel Drive Oshkosh, WI 54902 Investor Relations +1 920.502.3059 ir@oshkoshcorp.com investors.oshkoshcorp.com/events- and-presentations/default.aspx Please also visit www.oshkoshcorp.com for a regularly updated list of shareholder events. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary Forward-Looking Statements This Proxy Statement contains statements that the Company believes to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Proxy Statement, including, without limitation, statements regarding the Company s future financial position, business strategy, targets, projected sales, costs, earnings, capital expenditures, debt levels and cash flows, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Proxy Statement, words such as may, will, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, should, project, confident or plan or the negative thereof or variations thereon or similar terminology are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company s control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include the cyclical nature of the Company s access equipment, fire apparatus, refuse and recycling collection and air transportation equipment markets, which are particularly impacted by the strength of U.S. and European economies and construction outlooks; the Company s estimates of access equipment demand which, among other factors, is influenced by historical customer buying patterns and rental company fleet replacement strategies; the Company s ability to predict the level and timing of orders and costs on the U.S. Postal Service contract; risks that the trade war and related tariffs could reduce the demand for or competitiveness of the Company s products or cause inefficiencies in the Company s supply chain; the Company s ability to increase prices to raise margins or to offset higher input costs; the Company s ability to achieve its projected material and manufacturing efficiency savings; the Company s ability to accurately predict future input costs associated with U.S. Department of Defense contracts; the Company s ability to attract and retain production labor in a timely manner; the Company s ability to increase production rates in its municipal fire apparatus and delivery vehicle businesses; the strength of the U.S. dollar and its impact on Company exports, translation of foreign sales and the cost of purchased materials; the impact of severe weather, war, natural disasters or pandemics that may affect the Company, its suppliers or its customers; budget uncertainty for the U.S. federal government, including risks of future budget cuts, the impact of continuing resolution funding mechanisms or a prolonged federal government shutdown; the impact of any U.S. Department of Defense solicitation for competition for future contracts to produce military vehicles; risks related to the collectability of receivables, particularly for those businesses with exposure to construction markets; the cost of any warranty campaigns related to the Company s products; risks associated with international operations and sales, including compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; the Company s ability to comply with complex laws and regulations applicable to U.S. government contractors; cybersecurity risks and costs of defending against, mitigating and responding to data security threats and breaches impacting the Company; the Company s ability to successfully identify, complete and integrate acquisitions and to realize the anticipated benefits associated with the same; and risks related to the Company s ability to successfully execute on its strategic road map and meet its long-term financial goals. Additional information concerning these and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is contained in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 17, 2026. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. The Company assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update information contained in this document. Investors should be aware that the Company may not update such information until the Company s next quarterly earnings conference call, if at all. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Background to Board s Recommendation for Director Nominees Board composition, refreshment and diversity are priorities for our shareholders as well as for our Board. The Board seeks orderly refreshment while maintaining a strong overall mix. Four of our independent directors have joined the Board since 2021. In addition to evaluating each nominee s attributes, qualifications and experience, as described below, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a director s re-election is reviewed annually to promote diversity of tenure balancing fresh perspectives with the experience needed to navigate the deep economic cycles inherent in our business. The Board currently consists of ten directors. The Board has selected ten nominees for election at the Annual Meeting, each to hold office until the next annual meeting and the election of their successor. All the nominees are current directors, and each nominee has agreed to be named in this Proxy Statement and to serve on the Board of Directors if elected. Attributes, Qualifications and Experience of Nominees for Board of Directors Our Board, upon the recommendation of the Governance Committee, defines the personal and professional qualifications that Board nominees must demonstrate. These criteria are described in the Corporate Governance Guidelines under the Governance tab located on our Investors website, www.investors.oshkoshcorp.com, and on pages 18 to 25 of this Proxy Statement. We are not including the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Proxy Statement. In addition to the brief biographies of each of our Board s nominees presented on pages 10 to 14 below is a summary of the nominees attributes, qualifications and experience and knowledge that led our Board of Directors to conclude that each nominee should continue to serve as a director. If for some reason a nominee is unable to serve, the individuals named as proxies may vote for a substitute nominee recommended by the Board, and unless you indicate otherwise when voting, your shares will be voted in favor of our remaining nominees. OVERVIEW OF OUR BOARD NOMINEES OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS OF NOMINEES In considering Board nominees, the Governance Committee considers an individual s background and personal and professional experiences, in addition to general qualifications. Nominees are evaluated in the context of the Board as a whole, with a focus on achieving an appropriate mix of skills needed to lead the Company at the Board level. The Governance Committee regularly assesses and communicates with the Board about current and potential future skills and backgrounds to ensure the Board maintains an appropriate mix. These skills, their importance to Oshkosh and the nominees who exhibit these skills are reflected in the tables below. Qualifications, Attributes and Skills and their Importance to Oshkosh K. Allman W. Burns A. Clayton D. Davis T. Jordan K. Metcalf- Kupres D. Palmer D. Perkins J. Pfeifer S. Rowland OTHER PUBLIC BOARDS Knowledge of corporate governance practices, the dynamics and operation of a corporate board, management accountability, and the protection of shareholders interests. INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE Understanding of the unique challenges faced by companies in industries relevant to the Company. EXECUTIVE, LEADERSHIP OR MANAGEMENT Executive leadership and management experience in pursuing a company s strategic objectives while navigating competing priorities. CEO CEO CEO CFO CEO CFO GLOBAL BUSINESS OPERATIONS Leadership experience in global markets, global industry dynamics and risks relevant to multinational companies. FINANCIAL OR AUDIT Expertise in overseeing a company s financial performance, reporting and associated internal controls. INNOVATION Expertise in driving innovation through technology advancements, product development, digital solutions, new business models, and data analytics. RISK MANAGEMENT Experience in prioritizing and managing wide-ranging enterprise risks, while anticipating and identifying emerging risks relevant to the Company. MARKETING Ability to advance a company s mission by leveraging brand awareness, building customer engagement, and sustaining growth. GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS AND OPERATIONS Knowledge of the geopolitical, regulatory or government affairs frameworks impacting the Company s global strategy, core programs, and relationships with key customers. STRATEGY Expertise in steering a company s strategic direction and growth. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Experience in succession planning and attracting, developing and retaining top talent, while aligning compensation and benefits with shareholders interests. ESG/CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY Expertise in implementing, and/or managing ESG/corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives for lasting business success. CYBERSECURITY Knowledge of information technology and cybersecurity risks relevant to the Company, and how to mitigate the same. No experience/Limited skill Working knowledge Advanced/Managerial knowledge OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS CURRENT COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIPS Age Director Since Audit Committee Human Resources Committee Governance Committee Keith J. Allman IND BOARD CHAIR Served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco Corporation 63 2015 A A A William J. Burns IND CEO of Zebra Technologies 58 2024 Annette K. Clayton IND Served as Chairwoman and CEO of Schneider Electric North America 62 2024 Douglas L. Davis IND Held various leadership positions at Intel Corporation 64 2021 C Tyrone M. Jordan IND Served as President and COO of Dura Automotive Systems 63 2019 Kimberley Metcalf-Kupres IND Served as Vice President and CMO of Johnson Controls 64 2016 C Duncan J. Palmer IND Served as Global Chief Financial Officer of Cushman and Wakefield 60 2011 C David G. Perkins IND Served in the United States Army, retiring as a four-star General 68 2022 John C. Pfeifer President and CEO of Oshkosh Corporation 60 2021 Sandra E. Rowland IND Served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Xylem Inc. 54 2018 IND Independent C Chair A Alternate OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Age: 63 Independent Director Since: 2015 Board Chair Since: 2025 OSHKOSH COMMITTEES: Alternate for each committee Keith J. Allman QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. Allman served as President and Chief Executive Officer of a global manufacturer and brings to our Board significant experience as a change agent and process improvement leader. He also brings significant experience in the automotive industry, international business, finance and accounting, marketing, operations, product development, risk management, supply chain and strategic planning. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Masco Corporation, a global leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of branded home improvement and building products, from 2014 to 2025 Served as Group President, Plumbing and Cabinetry at Masco from 2011 to 2014 Group Vice President, Plumbing Products and President, Delta Faucet Company from 2009 to 2011 FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: Masco Corporation Age: 58 Independent Director Since: 2024 OSHKOSH COMMITTEES: Audit William J. Burns QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. Burns serves as Chief Executive Officer of Zebra Technologies. Zebra provides the foundation for intelligent operations with a portfolio of connected frontline, asset visibility and automation solutions powered by AI. He brings to our Board significant experience and thought leadership in innovation, sales, technology, executive leadership, cybersecurity and global business operations. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Chief Executive Officer of Zebra Technologies since 2023 Served as Vice President, Enterprise Visibility and Mobility and Chief Products and Solutions Officer at Zebra from 2015 to 2023 CEO of Embrane, Inc. from 2014 until 2015 when Embrane was acquired by Cisco CEO of Spirent Communications from 2008 to 2013 PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: Zebra Technologies FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: Spirent Communications plc OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Age: 62 Independent Director Since: 2024 OSHKOSH COMMITTEES: Governance Human Resources Annette K. Clayton QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Ms. Clayton is the retired Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of North America for a multinational corporation specializing in energy management and automation solutions. While serving as Chief Executive Officer of North America, Ms. Clayton was named to Time Magazine s TIME100 Climate List of the most influential leaders driving business to real climate action. She brings to our Board extensive experience in chief executive leadership, strategy, risk management, digital technology, sustainable global operations and supply chain management. Ms. Clayton also brings significant experience serving on public company boards and has obtained the CERT certification in Cybersecurity Oversight. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Served as Chairwoman, Schneider Electric North America, the largest operating region for Schneider Electric, a multinational corporation specializing in energy management and automation solutions, during 2024 Served as CEO, Schneider Electric North America from 2016 to 2023 Served as President and CEO, Schneider Electric North America from 2016 to 2022 Served as Executive Vice President of Supply Chain in Hong Kong for Schneider Electric from 2011 to 2016 Served as Vice President of Global Supply Chain Operation in Singapore and as Vice President of Operations for the Americas for Dell Technologies Spent 23 years at General Motors in roles of increasing responsibility in operations and quality PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: Duke Energy Corporation NXP Semiconductors N.V. FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: Nordson Corporation Polaris, Inc. Age: 64 Independent Director Since: 2021 OSHKOSH COMMITTEES: Human Resources (Chair) Douglas L. Davis QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. Davis is a respected leader within the automotive, autonomous driving and IoT industries. He brings to our Board valuable experience in innovation, disruptive technologies and research and development. He also brings strong global strategic planning experience and has obtained the CERT certification in Cybersecurity Oversight. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 35 years of experience in various leadership positions at Intel Corporation, a global technology company Established Intel as the leading provider of microprocessor technology used in self-driving cars and led the company s acquisition of Mobileye in his role as Senior Vice President of the Automated Driving Group from 2017 until his retirement in 2019 Led a global organization responsible for Intel Architecture computing solutions across market segments, including industrial automation, aerospace, automotive and other intelligent systems applications PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: Cerence, Inc. Verra Mobility Corporation OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Age: 63 Independent Director Since: 2019 OSHKOSH COMMITTEES: Audit Governance Tyrone M. Jordan QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. Jordan brings to our Board more than 35 years of automotive, aerospace, renewable energy, and military/commercial specialty vehicle industrial expertise, including comprehensive achievements in strategy, mergers and acquisitions, engineering, operations, supply chain and new product technology development disciplines. Mr. Jordan is a seasoned corporate director with a global perspective. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Served as President and Chief Operating Officer at Dura Automotive Systems, a global automotive technology supplier from 2015 until his retirement in 2019, including responsibility for all strategic growth and operational initiatives across the global enterprise As the Senior Vice President at United Technologies (now a part of Raytheon Technologies), he led global teams in the disciplines of operations, innovation and technology, supply chain, business development and corporate strategy from 2009 to 2013 Spent 25 years with General Motors in both domestic and international assignments in operations, new product development, technology, manufacturing and supply chain roles of increasing responsibility, ultimately serving as GM s Executive Vice President, Global Operations and Customer Experience PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. FuelCell Energy, Inc. TPI Composites, Inc. FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: Cooper Tire and Rubber Company Trinity Industries Age: 64 Independent Director Since: 2016 OSHKOSH COMMITTEES: Governance (Chair) Kimberley Metcalf-Kupres QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Ms. Metcalf-Kupres is a purpose-driven leader and recognized champion of corporate responsibility, sustainability, and high-performance teams. She brings to our Board significant experience in sales and marketing, international business, strategy, innovation, government relations, leadership development, and corporate responsibility in a sophisticated, global, technology-driven company. Ms. Metcalf-Kupres has obtained the CERT certification in Cybersecurity Oversight. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Served as Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for Johnson Controls, a $30 billion global diversified technology and multi-industrial leader, a position that included responsibility for strategy, product management, innovation and business transformation from 2013 until her retirement in 2017 Served as Vice President, Strategy, Marketing and Sales, Johnson Controls Power Solutions business from 2007 to 2013 Founding member of the Women s Resource Network at Johnson Controls and has actively worked on advancing female leadership development through her participation on the World Economic Forum and other prominent organizations OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Age: 60 Independent Director Since: 2011 OSHKOSH COMMITTEES: Audit (Chair) Duncan J. Palmer QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS A former public company Global Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Palmer brings to our Board a depth of knowledge in international finance and accounting as well as strategic operations. Mr. Palmer has served on the boards of other public companies, and has extensive experience in global operations, portfolio management, risk management, mergers and acquisitions and commercial finance. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Served as global Chief Financial Officer for Cushman and Wakefield, a global provider of commercial real estate services, from 2014 until his retirement in 2021 Served as Group Finance Director of Reed Elsevier Group plc from 2012 to 2014 Chief Financial Officer, Owens Corning, a designer and manufacturer of insulation, roofing and fiberglass composites, from 2007 to 2012 Spent 20 years with the Royal Dutch/Shell Group of companies, including roles as Vice President, Upstream Commercial Finance of Shell International Exploration and Production BV and Vice President, Finance, Global Lubricants PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: AleAnna, Inc. Verde Clean Fuels Inc. FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: Bluescape Opportunities Acquisition Corp. Age: 68 Independent Director Since: 2022 OSHKOSH COMMITTEES: Governance Human Resources David G. Perkins QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Retired four-star general and veteran, General (Ret.) Perkins brings to our Board deep and unique defense industry knowledge developed while serving for 38 years in the U.S. Army. He has extensive management, strategic leadership, human resources, compensation, risk management, operations and cybersecurity experience from leading one of the most complex and largest organizations in the world. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Served 38 years in the United States Army, retiring in 2018 as a four-star General Commander, United States Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC), from 2014 to 2018 Commander, United States Army Combined Arms Center and Commandant, U.S. Army Command and General Staff College, Fort Leavenworth (from 2011 to 2014) Commander, United States Army 4th Infantry Division (from 2009 to 2011) FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: CAE, Inc. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Age: 60 Non-Independent Director Since: 2021 As a non-independent director, Mr. Pfeifer is not eligible for membership on a Board committee under NYSE rules or our committee charters. John C. Pfeifer QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS Mr. Pfeifer is Oshkosh s President and Chief Executive Officer, positions he has held since April 2021. He brings over 25 years of senior leadership and global management experience to the Company. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Mr. Pfeifer served as our President and Chief Operating Officer from May 2020 until his appointment as CEO. He joined the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in 2019 Served 13 years with Brunswick Corporation, a global leader in marine propulsion systems, parts and accessories, serving as President of Mercury Marine from 2014 to 2019; Vice President of Global Operations from 2012 to 2014; and President of Brunswick Marine EMEA and Brunswick Asia Pacific Group from 2008 to 2012 Under his leadership, Mercury achieved new levels of growth by gaining share through accelerated innovation and product development, as well as expanding its lifecycle services business through a series of acquisitions Held executive and general management positions with ITT Corporation and Milacron, Inc. PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: James Hardie Industries plc FORMER PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS: The Manitowoc Company, Inc. Age: 54 Independent Director Since: 2018 OSHKOSH COMMITTEES: Audit Human Resources Sandra E. Rowland QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES AND SKILLS As a former Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Rowland brings to our Board knowledge and insight into the management of financial and strategic operations. In addition, she brings valuable experience integrating and aligning sustainability and corporate strategy. Ms. Rowland also has significant experience in the disciplines of international business management, risk management and mergers and acquisitions. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Served as Senior Advisor to Xylem Inc., a publicly traded water technology company committed to solving critical water and infrastructure challenges with technological innovation, from October 2023 to March 2024. Served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Xylem, from 2020 to October 2023 Served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Harman International Industries, Incorporated, a global leader in connected car technology, lifestyle audio innovations, professional audio and lighting solutions, and digital transformation, from 2015 to 2020. Led and integrated several acquisitions and was instrumental in Samsung Electronics acquisition of Harman in 2017, a publicly traded Fortune 500 company at the time Served in Corporate Development and Investor Relations capacities at Harman from 2012 to 2014 Held positions of increasing responsibility in accounting and finance at Eastman Kodak Company from 2000 to 2012 Served with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 1993 to 2000 PUBLIC DIRECTORSHIPS Amentum Holdings, Inc. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 1 | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Board Recommendation The Board recommends that shareholders vote FOR the election of the ten nominees identified above. The Board s recommendation is based on carefully considered judgment that the skills, professional experience, education, backgrounds and attributes of the nominees make them the best candidates to serve on our Board. FOR The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the Board s ten nominees for director identified above. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation The table below summarizes the compensation paid to or earned by our non-employee directors during 2025. Name (1) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (2)(3) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (4) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Keith J. Allman 232,708 170,077 46,923 449,708 William J. Burns 121,000 170,077 3,624 294,701 Annette K. Clayton 130,000 170,077 4,393 304,470 Douglas L. Davis 136,625 170,077 306,702 Tyrone M. Jordan 134,500 170,077 304,577 Kimberley Metcalf-Kupres 136,000 170,077 18,536 324,613 Stephen D. Newlin (5) 115,625 115,625 Duncan J. Palmer 141,000 170,077 311,077 David G. Perkins 134,500 170,077 304,577 Sandra E. Rowland 134,500 170,077 304,577 (1) Mr. Pfeifer did not receive additional compensation for service on our Board of Directors. The compensation Mr. Pfeifer received as our Chief Executive Officer during and for 2025 is shown in the Summary Compensation Table on page 44 . (2) As SEC rules require, amounts in this column are based on the aggregate grant date fair value of awards to our directors under our 2024 Incentive Stock and Awards Plan. The amounts shown are not actual cash amounts paid to the directors or amounts the directors realized or will realize because of these awards. We computed the aggregate grant date fair value of these awards in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, based on the market price of the shares awarded on the date of grant. This amount includes the value of dividends that the holder of shares is entitled to receive. (3) As of December 31, 2025, no current non-employee director held any stock options. (4) The amounts in this column represent above-market interest on non-qualified deferred compensation computed on a quarter-by-quarter basis. The above-market interest rate is the percentage amount by which the interest rate earned on deferred compensation in 2025 exceeded 120% of the applicable federal long-term interest rate, with compounding, at the time the interest rate was set. The annual interest rate earned on deferred compensation for the first through third quarters of 2025 was 8.50% and for the fourth quarter was 8.25%. For the first through fourth quarters of 2025, 120% of the applicable long-term interest rate was 5.67%, 5.61%, 5.68%, and 5.36%, respectively. (5) Mr. Newlin did not stand for re-election to the Board in 2025, having reached the mandatory retirement age prior to the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The fees he earned were pro-rated through May 2025. In 2025, each non-employee director was entitled to receive an annual retainer of $107,500. The Chair of the Board is entitled to receive an additional retainer of $170,000 in recognition of this position. Directors receive a fee of $13,500 per year for each committee on which they serve. The Chairs of the Governance Committee and the Human Resources Committee each receive an additional annual retainer of $15,000, and the Chair of the Audit Committee receives an additional annual retainer of $20,000. We also reimburse directors for reasonable travel and related expenses they incur attending Board and Board committee meetings and continuing education programs. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation Stock Awards We generally grant shares of stock to our non-employee directors at the meeting of our Board held on the date of our Annual Meeting of Shareholders or at the time a director joins our Board. Effective on election at our 2025 Annual Meeting, we granted to each of our then non-employee directors 1,927 shares of our common stock under the Oshkosh Corporation 2024 Incentive Stock and Awards Plan (Stock Plan). The Human Resources Committee retained the services of Mercer (US) LLC (Mercer), an external compensation consultant, to advise regarding compensation of outside directors, and the amount of the stock awards was approximately at the 50th percentile of data that Mercer provided relating to non-employee director compensation. Deferred Compensation Plan Non-employee directors may elect to participate in our Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Executive Officers. This plan permits individual directors to defer any or all of their compensation from the Company, including their stock awards. A director who defers fees may elect to have deferred amounts credited to a fixed-income investment account or a stock account. Deferrals of stock awards must be credited to a stock account. Deferrals credited to a fixed-income investment account earn interest at the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal on the last business day of the immediately preceding quarter, plus 1%. Deferrals credited to a stock account are treated as though invested in our common stock. Any dividends earned on our common stock are reinvested in each director s stock account. Payments from the Deferred Compensation Plan may be made in a lump sum or in annual installments for up to 10 years based on the election of the director. Payments generally commence when a director ceases to be a member of our Board. In the event of a change in control of our Company, as defined in the Deferred Compensation Plan, we will pay out the deferred compensation plan accounts of all directors in a single lump-sum cash payment. Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors The Human Resources Committee has adopted stock ownership guidelines for non-employee directors to ensure they have a direct stake in the success of our Company. Under these guidelines, non-employee directors are encouraged to acquire and own our common stock in an amount equal to five times their respective annual cash retainers. Non-employee directors should achieve this stock ownership level within five years of becoming a director. As of March 2, 2026, all independent directors have met the requisite stock ownership levels or are within five years of their initial election as a director. Mr. Pfeifer is subject to the stock ownership guidelines that apply to our executive officers. Our Company has a policy that prohibits directors, officers, and all other employees from entering certain transactions for their individual accounts, including hedging or pledging our common stock. Without limitation, the prohibition on hedging includes any financial instruments or other transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any position relating to company securities, including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, puts, calls and other derivative instruments and exchange funds. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of the Company Board of Directors Independence Except for our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Pfeifer, all of the nominees for election to our Board are independent. The Board has determined that no non-employee director nominee has a material relationship with our Company and that all are independent under NYSE listing standards. Further, no director or executive officer has any family relationship with any other director or executive officer. Meetings of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors held five meetings during 2025, and committees of the Board held a total of 15 meetings. Each director attended 100% of the meetings of the Board and committees on which he or she served during 2025. The Board expects directors to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. All our directors attended our 2025 Annual Meeting, and we anticipate that all director nominees will attend the virtual Annual Meeting in 2026. Our independent, non-employee directors met in executive session, without the presence of our officers, on five occasions during 2025. The independent Chair of the Board presided over all executive session meetings of the non-employee directors. Shareholder Engagement and Say-on-Pay Our shareholders are key participants in the governance of our Company. For this reason, we spend time meeting with our shareholders, listening to their concerns and responding to their feedback. During 2025, members of the management team met with shareholders and potential shareholders on many occasions. Our management also proactively reached out to shareholders following each of our four quarterly earnings releases. During these candid meetings, we discussed our Company s performance and strategy and received shareholder feedback on a variety of topics. We know that executive compensation is an important subject for shareholders. The Board is particularly pleased that, at our 2025 Annual Meeting, 92.8% of the votes cast were in favor of the advisory proposal to approve the compensation of our named executive officers (NEOs). Majority Voting for Director Elections Directors are elected through plurality voting, which means that the ten nominees who receive the most votes of all votes cast will be elected. However, in the absence of a contested election, any nominee for director who receives a greater number of votes withheld from their election than votes for such election must promptly tender a resignation to the Chair of the Board. The Governance Committee (or, under certain circumstances, another committee appointed by the Board) will promptly consider the matter and will recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation based on all relevant factors. The Board must act on that recommendation no later than 90 days after the annual meeting of shareholders at which the election took place. The Board s decision, including a full explanation of the process by which the decision was reached and, if applicable, the reasons for rejecting the resignation, will be disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. We believe this approach is consistent with the resignation policies commonly used by companies that employ some form of majority voting. It is intended to balance meaningful shareholder input with orderly board functioning. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of the Company Proxy Access Our By-laws include a proxy access provision stating that shareholders who meet the requirements set forth in our By-laws may under certain circumstances include a specified number of director nominees in our proxy materials. Under the provision, any shareholder or group of up to 20 shareholders that beneficially owns at least 3% of our outstanding common stock continuously for three years is permitted to nominate candidates for election to the Board and to require the Company to list such nominees along with the Board s nominees in the Company s proxy statement. For purposes of this limitation, a group of funds under common management and investment control is treated as one shareholder. The qualifying shareholder or group of shareholders may nominate up to 20% of the Board, rounding down to the nearest whole number of Board seats, but not less than two. Communicating with the Board of Directors We encourage you to share your opinions, interests, concerns and suggestions. If you would like to communicate with the Chair or with the Board as a whole, you may send correspondence to the Corporate Secretary, Oshkosh Corporation, 1917 Four Wheel Drive, Oshkosh, Wisconsin 54902. Your correspondence will be forwarded to the Board or the appropriate committee, as applicable. Shareholder Right to Call a Special Meeting Under Wisconsin law and our By-laws, shareholders holding 10% of our outstanding shares have the right to call a special meeting of our shareholders. As to this right, there are no restrictions on agenda items, no restrictions on the number of shareholders who can group together to reach the 10% threshold and no limits on when a meeting can be called. Our By-laws include some procedural requirements relating to the exercise of this right. Committees of the Board of Directors Our Board of Directors has three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Governance Committee and the Human Resources Committee. The members and responsibilities of these committees as of the date of the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders are set forth below. The Board has determined that each member of each committee is an independent director as defined under NYSE listing standards and SEC rules, including rules specifically pertaining to members of audit committees and compensation committees. Audit Committee MEMBERS THE AUDIT COMMITTEE Duncan J. Palmer (Chair) William J. Burns Tyrone M. Jordan Sandra E. Rowland Keith J. Allman (Alternate Member) oversees the fulfillment by management of its financial reporting and disclosure responsibilities and its maintenance of an appropriate internal control system assists with Board oversight of the integrity of our financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the independence and qualifications of our independent registered public accounting firm appoints, compensates and oversees the work of our independent registered public accounting firm, which reports directly to the Audit Committee oversees internal audit function assists the Board with oversight of our risk management program oversees the implementation and effectiveness of the Company s ethics and compliance program oversees the Company s information security and risk management associated with cybersecurity The Audit Committee met seven times during 2025. The Audit Committee has a charter that specifies its responsibilities, and the Audit Committee believes it fulfills that charter. All members of the Audit Committee are independent directors and financially literate under the applicable NYSE listing standards, OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of the Company and the Board has determined that each of Keith J. Allman, William J. Burns, Tyrone M. Jordan, Duncan J. Palmer and Sandra E. Rowland is an audit committee financial expert as defined under SEC rules. Our independent registered public accounting firm and internal auditor met with the Audit Committee with and without representatives of management present. Governance Committee MEMBERS THE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Kimberley Metcalf-Kupres (Chair) Annette K. Clayton Tyrone M. Jordan David G. Perkins Keith J. Allman (Alternate Member) identifies individuals qualified to become Board members and recommends nominees to our Board for election as directors oversees the annual self-evaluation of the Board and Committees makes recommendations to the Board regarding Board and Committee structure, Committee charters and corporate governance provides oversight of a CEO transition maintains corporate governance guidelines applicable to our Company oversees administration of the Code of Ethics Applicable to Directors and Senior Executives provides oversight of our sustainability and corporate responsibility program oversees the Company s policies and practices relating to political engagement and lobbying activities The Governance Committee met four times during 2025. Selection of Nominees for Election to the Board and Consideration of Shareholder-Recommended Candidates The Governance Committee will consider candidates for nomination as a director recommended by shareholders, directors, officers, third-party search firms, and other sources and reviews all candidates in the same manner, regardless of the source of the recommendation. In evaluating candidates, the Governance Committee considers the needs of the Board and attributes of the individual candidates, including character, judgment, career specialization, relevant technical skills or financial acumen, diversity of viewpoint and industry knowledge. The Board and the Governance Committee believe director candidates should possess the following minimum qualifications: The highest personal and professional ethics, integrity and values; The ability to make independent analytical inquiries and to exercise sound business judgment; Relevant expertise and experience and an understanding of our business environment, together with the ability to offer advice and guidance to the Board and executives based on that expertise, experience and understanding; Background as chief or other senior executive officer of a public company or leader of a major complex organization, including commercial, scientific, government, military, and educational and other non-profit institutions; Independence from any particular constituency, ability to represent all shareholders of our Company, and a commitment to enhancing long-term shareholder value; and Sufficient time available to devote to activities of the Board and to enhance their knowledge of our business. Unless otherwise determined by the Governance Committee, director nominees must be younger than 72. In addition, the Board and the Governance Committee believe at least one director should have the requisite experience and expertise to be designated an audit committee financial expert as defined by applicable SEC rules. Any shareholder who wishes to recommend a director candidate must provide written notice to the attention of our Corporate Secretary at the address shown on page 69 . Such notice must include the shareholder s name and address; the class and number of shares of common stock owned; the name, age, business address, and principal occupation of the candidate; and the number of shares of common stock owned by the candidate, if any. The notice also must include the information that would be required to be disclosed in the solicitation of proxies for election of directors under the federal securities laws. We may require OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of the Company any candidate to furnish additional information, within reason, to determine the candidate s eligibility. A shareholder wishing to nominate a candidate for election as a director also must comply with the provisions of our By-laws described under Additional Information Regarding the Annual Meeting Shareholders intending to present business at the 2027 Annual Meeting . Diversity on the Board Our Corporate Governance Guidelines have long provided that our Board is committed to a diversified membership. Our Board defines diversity broadly. We look for diversity of personal attributes of the individual directors as well as their diverse careers, areas of expertise and tenure on the Board. In considering diversity of the Board (in all aspects of that term), the Governance Committee takes into account various factors and perspectives, including differences of viewpoint, professional experience, education, skills and other demographics. As part of its process of identifying potential nominees, the Governance Committee considers the attributes of existing directors and directs the third-party executive search firm that assists in identifying candidates to search for individuals who would contribute to the diverse perspectives of the Board. Human Resources Committee MEMBERS THE HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE Douglas L. Davis (Chair) Annette K. Clayton David G. Perkins Sandra E. Rowland Keith J. Allman (Alternate Member) oversees our organizational, personnel, compensation and benefits policies and practices establishes the compensation for executive officers and directors oversees the administration of the other executive compensation and benefits plans oversees talent and succession strategies to ensure leadership continuity oversees the Company s human capital management program The Human Resources Committee met four times in 2025. The Human Resources Committee retained the services of an external independent compensation consultant, Mercer, a Marsh (MRSH) business, formerly Marsh McLennan (MMC), to provide technical guidance regarding executive and director compensation matters. In 2025, the Company paid $183,474 in fees to Mercer for executive and director compensation consulting services which included: Analysis of peer company disclosures as well as general industry compensation data using Mercer s US Executive Remuneration Database and updates of trends in executive compensation; Ongoing support regarding the latest relevant regulatory, technical and accounting considerations affecting executive compensation and benefit programs; Guidance on overall compensation program structure, executive compensation levels, comparator groups and executive employment agreements; Preparation for and attendance at selected management, committee and Board of Directors meetings; and Evaluation of competitive positioning of outside director compensation. The Human Resources Committee has sole authority to: engage and terminate its external compensation consultant or any other compensation adviser; meet with its external compensation consultant without management present; and evaluate the quality and objectivity of the services of its external compensation consultant annually. In addition, pursuant to SEC rules and NYSE listing standards regarding the independence of compensation committee advisers, the Human Resources Committee has the responsibility to consider the independence of its external compensation consultant. The Company separately engaged Mercer in the ordinary course of business to provide services in areas other than executive and director compensation. The services, which are described below, were unrelated to services that Mercer provided to the Committee, and the employees who rendered the services were different persons than those serving as consultants to the Committee. These additional services included: Consulting services regarding investment options available under the United Kingdom employee pension plan; OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of the Company Actuarial analysis, valuation and trustee services for the United Kingdom pension plan; Providing benchmarking surveys for information on compensation and benefits for our employees generally; and Supporting configuration of one of the Company s global information technology platforms. During 2025, the Company paid Mercer $686,610 for these additional services. United Kingdom pension services are paid in British pounds and have been converted to U.S. dollars using an exchange rate of 1.32 U.S. dollars per British pound. The Human Resources Committee considered the independence of Mercer s individual representatives who serve as consultants to the Committee and concluded Mercer is independent and that Mercer s performance of the unrelated services raises no conflict of interest. The consolidated revenues of MRSH were $27.0 billion in 2025, as reported in their Annual Report on Form 10-K. We provide additional information regarding the Human Resources Committee and our policies and procedures regarding executive compensation below under Compensation Discussion and Analysis . Board, Committee and Director Evaluations The Board believes it has robust evaluation processes for the Board, its three committees, individual directors and the Chair of the Board. In particular: BOARD AS A WHOLE EACH BOARD COMMITTEE INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS CHAIR OF THE BOARD The Governance Committee annually oversees a self-evaluation of the Board as a whole. The Committee establishes the evaluation criteria and implements the process for this evaluation. On an annual basis, each committee conducts a self-assessment of its performance during the previous year. The purpose of these assessments is to increase the effectiveness of the committee and its members. The Governance Committee conducts an annual review of each committee s contribution to the company. In its review of the committees, the Governance Committee reviews each committee s form and results of their respective self-assessments. Compliance with the responsibilities listed in each committee s charter forms the principal criteria for these assessments as well as such other factors and circumstances as are determined appropriate. The Governance Committee, from time to time as the Committee determines it to be necessary or appropriate, reviews the qualifications and performance of any individual directors. On an annual basis, the Governance Committee considers whether to recommend each incumbent director for re-election. The Governance Committee evaluates current directors and conducts robust searches to identify potential additional nominees with the skills and qualifications needed to ensure that the long-term strategy for the composition of our Board is met. The Governance Committee thoroughly vets each potential candidate for nomination. On an annual basis and after consultation among the Chair of the Governance Committee and each director regarding the performance of the Chair of the Board and the subject of succession planning for this position, the Governance Committee determines and proposes to the Board of Directors which member of the Board should serve as Chair of the Board. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of the Company Corporate Governance Documents We make the following governance-related documents available on the Corporate Governance page under the Governance tab in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.investors.oshkoshcorp.com: Our Corporate Governance Guidelines The written charters of the Audit Committee, the Governance Committee and the Human Resources Committee of our Board of Directors The Oshkosh Corporation Code of Ethics Applicable to Directors and Senior Executives, which applies to all officers at the vice president level or higher The Corporate Code of Ethics and Standards of Conduct, known as The Oshkosh Way , which applies to all our employees Each document also is available in print to any shareholder who requests it in writing from our Corporate Secretary. Policies and Procedures Regarding Related Person Transactions Our Board of Directors adopted the Oshkosh Way for all employees. Our directors and named executive officers are also required to acknowledge in writing that they have received, reviewed and understand the requirements of the Code of Ethics and further acknowledge that failure to fully comply with the Code of Ethics can subject them to discipline, up to and including removal from our Board of Directors or termination of employment. The Oshkosh Corporation Code of Ethics requires the prompt disclosure to our Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, Chief Legal Officer or the Chair of the Audit Committee of any proposed transaction or relationship that could create or appear to create a conflict of interest. Upon their review, recommended action can range from concluding that there is no conflict to review with the Board of Directors. Under the Code of Ethics, the phrase conflict of interest is broadly construed to include direct conflicts, indirect conflicts, potential conflicts, apparent conflicts, and any other personal, business or professional relationship or dealing that has a reasonable possibility of creating even the mere appearance of impropriety. The Code of Ethics also prohibits directors and senior executives from taking personal advantage of business opportunities that we typically would pursue or in which we may be interested. There is a firm bias against waivers of these restrictions. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of the Company Oversight of Risk Management by the Board of Directors Our Organization Risk Management (ORM) Program plays a critical part in how we manage risks. The Program identifies potential exposure to current, emerging and potential risks, including economic conditions, disruptive technology, competitive threats, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, human capital management, supply chain, climate change and change management. The Program is designed to: (i) provide an assessment of our potential exposure to material risks; (ii) inform as to how senior management addresses and mitigates potential material risks; and (iii) allow an evaluation as to how these risks may affect performance, operations and strategic plans and help ensure that senior management is implementing effective mitigation strategies as necessary. The Board and each of its committees have some role in risk oversight as follows: GOVERNING BODY ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT Board Responsible for general oversight of risk management Focuses on the most significant and material risks facing our Company to help ensure that management develops and implements controls and appropriate risk mitigation strategies Receives a report from senior management and the Audit Committee through the ORM Program on material risk assessments and mitigation strategies as part of the strategic plan updates to the Board Responds to particular risk management issues as part of its general oversight of our Company and in connection with its review and approval of corporate matters Reviews the management succession plan Audit Committee Evaluates and discusses overall guidelines, policies, processes and procedures with respect to risk assessment and risk management Oversees our ORM Program Receives, considers and discusses a report of results under the ORM Program from senior management following management s review and prioritizing of risk assessments and mitigation strategies Oversees our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and our ethics and compliance program Oversees the Company s information security and risk management associated with cybersecurity Human Resources Committee Receives a report from our senior management concerning a comprehensive risk assessment of each element of our compensation program to evaluate the levels of risk-taking that each of those elements could potentially encourage Considers whether our compensation program effectively creates a proper balance between appropriate risk-taking and competitive compensation Analyzes the current management, identifies possible successors to senior management, and develops a succession plan Oversees the Company s human capital management programs Governance Committee Oversees risks relating to the Company s governance structure and other corporate governance matters and processes Oversees our sustainability and corporate responsibility program Oversees matters relating to related party transactions and conflicts of interest Oversees compliance with key corporate governance documents OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of the Company Board Oversight of Artificial Intelligence (AI) The Board exercises oversight of AI as part of its broader strategy and risk management, and receives periodic briefings from management regarding the Company s AI strategy and related initiatives, governance practices and associated risks. This framework enables the Board to monitor management s approach to responsible AI deployment and long-term value creation. Management is responsible for identifying, evaluating, and overseeing AI initiatives across the enterprise, and applying AI selectively to support measurable business outcomes, innovation and operational efficiency. The Company has established an AI Council, a cross-functional governance forum that evaluates material AI initiatives, facilitates enterprise coordination and addresses risk considerations. Independent Chair of the Board Under our By-laws and Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Chair of the Board must be a director who the Board has determined is independent in accordance with the listing standards of the NYSE and cannot have previously served as an executive officer of our Company. As a result, separate individuals serve as Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. We believe this leadership structure fosters effective governance and oversight of our Company by: (i) providing the independent directors with control over the Board meeting agenda and discussion; (ii) assuring that independent directors control discussions about strategic alternatives; (iii) enabling an effective assessment of the Chief Executive Officer s performance; (iv) providing an effective means for the Board to express its views on management, strategy and execution; and (v) positioning the Chair to obtain direct and meaningful feedback from shareholders. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 2 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR 2026 The Audit Committee has appointed Deloitte Touche LLP, as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. Representatives of Deloitte Touche LLP will attend the Annual Meeting and will be available to respond to questions. They will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so. We are asking our shareholders to ratify the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm. Although ratification is not required by our By-laws or otherwise, our Board is submitting the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP to our shareholders for ratification because we value our shareholders views on our independent registered public accounting firm as a matter of good corporate practice. If our shareholders fail to ratify the appointment, the Audit Committee will view the vote as a direction to consider the appointment of a different firm. Even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee in its discretion may select a different independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of our Company and our shareholders. FOR The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR ratification of the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP, as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. Audit and Non-Audit Fees The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by Deloitte Touche LLP for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements for 2025 and 2024 and fees billed for other services rendered by Deloitte Touche LLP during those periods. 2025 2024 Audit fees (1) $ 5,247,000 $ 5,305,000 Audit-related fees (2) 27,000 Tax fees (3) 12,000 9,000 All other fees Total $ 5,286,000 $ 5,314,000 (1) Audit fees consisted principally of fees for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, for reviews of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and for work in connection with the attestations required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to our internal control over financial reporting and statutory audits required internationally. (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements or internal control over financial reporting and are not reported under Audit fees. Audit-related fees in 2025 related to the filing of a Form S-3 Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 and the registration of shares under the 2024 Stock Plan. (3) Tax fees in 2025 and 2024 consisted of fees billed for the preparation of an income tax return in New Zealand. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal 2 | RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR 2026 Pre-approval of Services by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee has adopted a policy for pre-approval of audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee will consider annually and, if appropriate, approve the provision of audit services by our independent registered public accounting firm and consider and, if appropriate, pre-approve the provision of certain defined audit and non-audit services. The Audit Committee will also consider on a case-by-case basis and, if appropriate, approve specific engagements that are not otherwise pre-approved. Any proposed engagement that does not fit within the definition of a pre-approved service may be presented to the Audit Committee for consideration at its next regular meeting or, if earlier consideration is required, to the Audit Committee Chair or one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any specific approval of services at the Audit Committee s next regular meeting. The Audit Committee will regularly review summary reports detailing all services that our independent registered public accounting firm is providing to us. Report of the Audit Committee The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible for providing independent, objective oversight of our financial reporting and disclosure responsibilities, accounting functions and internal controls. The functions of the Audit Committee are described in greater detail in the Audit Committee s written charter adopted by our Board of Directors. Each member of the Audit Committee is independent as defined by the NYSE s listing standards and SEC rules. The Audit Committee reviews our financial reporting process on behalf of our Board of Directors. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed our audited consolidated financial statements contained in the 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K with our management and independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP. Management is responsible for the consolidated financial statements and the reporting process, including the system of internal control. Deloitte Touche LLP is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those consolidated financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and the effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting based upon the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Audit Committee discussed with Deloitte Touche LLP matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard No. 1301, Communications with Audit Committees. In addition, Deloitte Touche LLP provided to the Audit Committee the written disclosures required by PCAOB Ethics and Independence Rule 3526, Communication with Audit Committees Concerning Independence, and the Audit Committee discussed with Deloitte Touche LLP their independence. The Audit Committee further considered the provision of non-audit services by Deloitte Touche LLP and determined that the provision of such services is compatible with maintaining the independence of Deloitte Touche LLP. In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to our Board of Directors that our audited consolidated financial statements for 2025 be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for filing with the SEC. Audit Committee Duncan J. Palmer, Chair William J. Burns Tyrone M. Jordan Sandra E. Rowland Keith J. Allman (Alternate Member) OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS STOCK OWNERSHIP STOCK OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND OTHER LARGE SHAREHOLDERS The following table shows the beneficial ownership of common stock of each director, each named executive officer appearing in the Summary Compensation Table on page 44 , each other shareholder owning more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, and the directors and executive officers (including the named executive officers who are current employees) as a group. Beneficial Ownership means more than ownership as that term commonly is used. For example, a person beneficially owns stock if he or she owns it in his or her name, or if he or she has (or shares) the power to vote or sell the stock as trustee of a trust. Beneficial ownership also includes shares the directors and executive officers have a right to acquire within 60 days after March 2, 2026, through, for example, the exercise of a stock option. Except as otherwise stated in the footnotes to the following table, information about common stock ownership is as of March 2, 2026. The percentage of common stock beneficially owned is based on the number of shares outstanding on the record date for the Annual Meeting. At the close of business on March 2, 2026, the record date for the Annual Meeting, there were 62,649,181 shares of common stock outstanding. Our policies prohibit directors or named executive officers from pledging shares. Unless stated otherwise in the footnotes to the table, each person named in the table owns his or her shares directly and has sole voting and investment power over such shares. Name of Beneficial Owner Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percent of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Stock Units Beneficially Owned (1) Keith J. Allman 1,375 * 21,816 William J. Burns 0 * 3,262 Annette K. Clayton 0 * 3,468 Ignacio A. Cortina (2) 60,686 * 12,383 Douglas L. Davis 0 * 7,798 Matthew A. Field (2) 9,818 * 41,879 Tyrone M. Jordan 0 * 10,990 Kimberley Metcalf-Kupres 3,175 * 15,839 Mahesh Narang (2) 24,547 * 25,841 Michael E. Pack (2) 41,821 * 18,503 Duncan J. Palmer 0 * 39,079 David G. Perkins 0 * 6,881 John C. Pfeifer (2) 161,320 * 74,836 Sandra E. Rowland 12,709 * 0 All current directors and executive officers as a group (2) 398,596 * 340,276 Aristotle Capital Management, LLC (3) 5,619,748 8.78% BlackRock, Inc. (4) 5,821,998 9.0% The Vanguard Group (5) 7,964,920 12.23% * The amount shown is less than 1% of the outstanding shares of common stock. (1) Amounts shown in this column are not included in the columns titled Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned or Percent of Common Stock Beneficially Owned . Amounts shown include restricted stock units (RSUs) awarded under our Stock Plan in 2024 through 2026 in the following amounts to the following individuals: 12,383 units for Ignacio A. Cortina 41,879 units for Matthew A. Field 25,841 units for Mahesh Narang 18,503 units for Michael E. Pack 74,836 units for John C. Pfeifer 227,083 units for all executive officers as a group OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS STOCK OWNERSHIP RSUs are subject to forfeiture until they vest (subject to retirement terms of the awards). Amounts shown also include stock units under our Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Executive Officers, all of which are vested or were free of restrictions, in the following amounts to the following individuals: 21,816 units for Keith J. Allman 3,262 units for William J. Burns 3,468 units for Annette K. Clayton 7,798 units for Douglas L. Davis 10,990 units for Tyrone M. Jordan 15,839 units for Kimberley Metcalf-Kupres 39,079 units for Duncan J. Palmer 6,881 units for David G. Perkins 113,193 units for all directors and executive officers as a group The units described in this footnote do not carry the right to vote. In each case, amounts are distributable in the form of shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis. However, no such distribution will occur before May 1, 2026. (2) Amounts shown include the following amounts that the listed individuals have the right to acquire pursuant to stock options exercisable between March 2, 2026 and May 1, 2026: 5,750 shares for Ignacio A. Cortina 9,950 shares for John C. Pfeifer 28,500 shares for all executive officers as a group (3) Amount shown is as described in the Schedule 13G/A that Aristotle Capital Management, LLC filed with the SEC on November 14, 2025. Aristotle Capital Management, LLC is located at 11100 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 1700, Los Angeles, California 90025. Aristotle Capital Management, LLC reported beneficial ownership of 5,619,748 shares and had sole voting power over 5,619,748 shares, shared voting power over no shares, sole investment power over 5,619,748 shares and shared investment power over no shares. (4) Amount shown is as described in the Schedule 13G/A that BlackRock, Inc. filed with the SEC on April 24, 2025. BlackRock, Inc. is located at 50 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. BlackRock, Inc. reported beneficial ownership of 5,821,998 shares and had sole voting power over 5,686,781 shares, shared voting power over no shares, sole investment power over 5,821,998 shares and shared investment power over no shares. (5) Amount shown is as described in the Schedule 13G/A that The Vanguard Group filed with the SEC on November 12, 2024. The Vanguard Group is located at 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. The Vanguard Group reported beneficial ownership of 7,964,920 shares and had sole voting power over no shares, shared voting power over 23,419 shares, sole investment power over 7,874,584 shares and shared investment power over 90,336 shares. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors, executive officers and controller to file reports with the SEC regarding their ownership and changes in ownership of our common stock. Based upon our review of copies of these reports and certifications given to us by such persons, we believe our directors, executive officers and controller have complied with their filing requirements for 2025. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Introduction and Overview This Compensation Discussion and Analysis explains our compensation program and policies for 2025 and details the compensation decisions we made with respect to our named executive officers, or NEOs, and how their 2025 compensation aligns with our pay-for-performance philosophy. For 2025, our NEOs identified in the Summary Compensation Table are as follows: John C. Pfeifer President and Chief Executive Officer Matthew A. Field Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michael E. Pack Executive Vice President and President, Vocational Segment Mahesh Narang Executive Vice President and President, Access Segment Ignacio A. Cortina Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and Secretary Pay for Performance A fundamental principle underlying our compensation program is that we pay for performance. Our compensation program for 2025 supported performance by providing appropriate performance-based incentives to our executives. Overall, we allocate a greater portion of NEO compensation to incentive-based pay that varies based on company and segment performance (annual incentive and long-term equity incentives) than to fixed compensation (base salary) as the graphics below illustrate. We also limit benefits that NEOs receive that are not broadly available to Oshkosh employees to those related to business need. TARGET COMPENSATION MIX We review target total direct compensation, as well as individual compensation components, by referring to the market median in the compensation analysis that Mercer provides and set individual compensation targets based on each executive s scope, experience, skills, capabilities and performance. 2025 Target Compensation CEO We display 2025 target total direct compensation for Mr. Pfeifer in the graphic below. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis 2025 Target Compensation for Other NEOs We display 2025 average target total direct compensation for all other NEOs in the graphic below. Say-on-Pay At our 2025 Annual Meeting, shareholders strongly supported our executive compensation program with 92.8% of the votes cast in favor of the annual advisory proposal on the 2024 compensation of our NEOs. Due to strong shareholder support for our executive compensation program, we did not make significant changes for 2025. We engage frequently with our shareholders to listen and learn so we can understand what our investors view as important. As we discussed above on page 5 , we engage on subjects such as our company performance, corporate governance, sustainability, human capital management, capital allocation and executive compensation. We continue to review our shareholder engagement program and refine it, if appropriate, to ensure it aligns with Company objectives and our shareholders interests. 2025 Performance Measures Annual Cash Incentive Awards For 2025, we used consolidated and segment adjusted operating income (OI) and consolidated and segment free cash flow conversion (FCFC) as performance measures for our annual cash incentive awards. We describe the calculation of these non-GAAP measures below under Annual Cash Incentive Awards. These performance measures together provide focus on our Innovate. Serve. Advance. strategy and reinforce strong capital management, robust cash flow and growth in income. We weighted these measures as follows: We discuss and explain these performance measures in greater detail below under COMPENSATION DECISIONS FOR 2025 Annual Cash Incentive Awards. We continue to believe it is important to provide business segment presidents the opportunity to be rewarded for results primarily tied to their business segment. 2025 Performance Measures Long-Term Incentive Awards For 2025, we maintained relative total shareholder return (TSR) and relative ROIC for our long-term incentive performance share awards. The relative TSR and ROIC awards reinforce the importance of outperforming peer companies in similar industries through market cycles and macroeconomic events. We discontinued the use of sustainability measures in our long-term incentive plan. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis We discuss and explain our performance measures in greater detail below under COMPENSATION DECISIONS FOR 2025 Performance Share Awards. We allocate our long-term incentive awards as follows: HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITIES The Human Resources Committee establishes, oversees and approves the compensation program, awards, practices and procedures for our executive officers. The Committee makes annual compensation decisions using a thoughtful and deliberate process based on performance, open discussion and competitive market information that Mercer provides in a compensation analysis. The Committee also recommends to the Board of Directors the competitive pay package for its directors. COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY AND OBJECTIVES A fundamental principle underlying our compensation program is that we pay for performance. The objective of our compensation program is to incentivize the achievement of both short- and long-term results through the alignment of pay with performance goals that we set rigorously. We intend this approach to attract, retain, motivate and sustain high-performing executive talent. The Committee strives to clearly link pay to performance and align incentive compensation opportunities with the long-term interests of our shareholders. As a result, we designed our compensation program to reward executives for annual financial results as well as sustained long-term Company performance. Checklist of Compensation Practices WHAT WE DO WHAT WE AVOID Align pay and performance Require minimum stock ownership Provide a balanced pay mix Maintain compensation recovery and anti-hedging policies Prohibit pledging of Company stock Single-trigger change in control features Executive perquisites that lack sound business rationale Excise tax gross-ups Employment contracts OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 32 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis Consistent with the objectives of our compensation program, the Committee has designed cash and equity awards that have varying timeframes for earning and payment and include a substantial proportion of pay that is at risk and dependent on future performance. The primary components of our executive compensation program in 2025 were as follows: Specific Compensation Component Key Features For 2025 For More Information, See Page Fixed Base salary We review base salaries in reference to the market median in the compensation analysis that Mercer provides, and set base salaries considering individual scope, experience, skills, capabilities and performance 34 Performance-based short-term incentives Annual cash incentive awards We base annual cash incentive awards on the achievement of challenging annual performance goals which for 2025 were consolidated and segment adjusted OI and consolidated and segment FCFC 34 Long-term incentives Relative performance shares (weighted 50%) Performance shares benefit the recipient based on how our relative TSR (weighted 30%) and relative ROIC (weighted 20%) over a period of three years compare to companies in our comparator groups 37 Restricted stock units (weighted 50%) Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) tie a portion of the recipient s compensation to share price with vesting over a period of up to three years 39 In certain circumstances, such as for newly hired or promoted executives or for retention purposes, we may also provide compensation outside of these compensation components. ANNUAL COMPENSATION PROGRAM DESIGN REVIEW The Committee annually evaluates our compensation program to determine if it is appropriate to adjust the program design, types of awards, or levels of pay. For 2025, the Committee reviewed the analysis that Mercer provided of both peer group data and general industry compensation data from Mercer s US Executive Remuneration Database. As we describe in more detail below, this compensation analysis from Mercer gives the Committee comparative references and enhances the Committee s understanding of each executive s compensation package. We believe our executive compensation program positions us to compete effectively when recruiting, selecting and seeking to retain key executives. The Committee believes that retaining a high-performing executive team is important for the long-term success of the business. The Committee decided to continue to use consolidated adjusted OI and consolidated FCFC as performance measures for the 2025 annual cash incentive awards for NEOs other than segment presidents. Retaining consolidated OI as a measure allows for a continued emphasis on maximizing income. Retaining consolidated FCFC as a measure for NEOs other than segment presidents reinforces strong consolidated cash management and capital budgeting. The FCFC measure for corporate NEOs also aligns with the measures that we assign to our segment presidents. For our segment presidents, the Committee decided to continue to use consolidated OI, segment OI and segment FCFC measures for the 2025 annual cash incentive award. The OI and FCFC measures align with our value drivers of sales growth, operating margin, and ROIC. ANALYSIS OF PEER GROUP AND INDUSTRY DATA For 2025, the Committee reviewed and continued to use the executive compensation peer group that it used in 2024. The Committee directed Mercer to consider this peer group to assess the competitiveness of executive compensation levels and program design, as well as compensation for newly hired executives. The peer group is comprised of the following 16 public companies based on revenue range, business performance, global footprint and operational complexity. AECOM AGCO Corporation Dover Corporation EMCOR Group, Inc. Fortive Corporation Howmet Aerospace, Inc. Illinois Tool Works, Inc. Ingersoll Rand, Inc. Parker-Hannifin Corporation Stanley Black Decker, Inc. Textron, Inc. The Timken Company The Toro Company TransDigm Group Incorporated Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation Xylem, Inc. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis Mercer supplemented the peer group data with general industry compensation data from its US Executive Remuneration Database, a survey that includes compensation for more than 1,600 organizations, to produce a holistic analysis of competitive executive compensation. In addition to the market data, the Committee also considers, in a subjective manner, the annual evaluation of each executive officer s scope, experience, skills, capabilities and performance when determining base salary, annual incentive awards and long-term incentive awards. COMPENSATION DECISIONS FOR 2025 Base Salary In November 2024, the Committee reviewed Mercer s compensation analysis by position to evaluate the competitiveness of the NEOs base salaries, while considering each individual s scope, experience, skills, capabilities and performance. The Committee reviewed Mr. Pfeifer s performance and reviewed the performance evaluations of the other NEOs, which Mr. Pfeifer prepared, to ensure that base salary decisions for each executive reflected the executive s scope, experience, skills, capabilities and performance and were otherwise consistent with our compensation goals. After considering Mercer s compensation analysis and performance information for each executive, the Committee decided to provide increases to Mr. Pfeifer, Mr. Pack, Mr. Narang, and Mr. Cortina reflecting individual performance through 2024 and also to maintain competitive positioning given their respective roles, skills and experience. The Committee maintained Mr. Field s base salary through 2025, having assessed the competitiveness of his salary at the time of his hiring in December 2024. Summary of 2025 Base Salary Adjustments Base salary adjustments for 2024 and 2025 were as follows: Named Executive Officer Adjustment as a % of Base Salary for 2024 (3/1/24) Adjustment as a % of Base Salary for 2025 (3/1/25) Mr. Pfeifer 10.0% 3.3% Mr. Field (1) N/A 0.0% Mr. Pack 13.4% 3.5% Mr. Narang (2) 0.0% 3.5% Mr. Cortina (3) 4.0% 3.0% (1) We hired Mr. Field effective December 16, 2024, and he did not receive additional base salary increases within 2024 or 2025. (2) We hired Mr. Narang effective November 13, 2023, and he did not receive an additional base salary increase in 2024. (3) Mr. Cortina received an additional 10% increase in his base salary effective November 10, 2024, in conjunction with his promotion to Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and Secretary. Annual Cash Incentive Awards Our annual cash incentive plan links cash awards to the achievement of specific short-term corporate performance goals that the Committee approves each year. These awards tie a significant portion of an executive s annual compensation to our Company s performance. For 2025, awards were dependent on our performance under a combination of two measures for NEOs other than segment presidents: consolidated adjusted OI and consolidated FCFC; and three measures for segment presidents: consolidated adjusted OI, segment adjusted OI, and segment FCFC. After the Committee reviewed Mercer s compensation analysis, the Committee assigned each executive a threshold, target and maximum annual cash incentive award payment level, as a percentage of base salary, for 2025. We reference the market median in Mercer s compensation analysis when setting the annual cash incentive award opportunity, and set the award opportunity based on the individual s scope, experience, skills, capabilities and performance. Based on this analysis for 2025, OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis the Committee maintained target percentages consistent with 2024 levels for Messrs. Pfeifer, Field, Pack and Cortina, and increased the target percentage for Mr. Narang as we note in the table below. The payout opportunities for the NEOs for 2025 are set forth in the table below: POTENTIAL ANNUAL AWARD AS A PERCENTAGE OF BASE Named Executive Officers Prior Target Threshold Target Maximum Mr. Pfeifer 150% 75% 150% 300% Mr. Field 90% 45% 90% 180% Mr. Pack 90% 45% 90% 180% Mr. Narang 80% 45% 90% 180% Mr. Cortina 80% 40% 80% 160% Annual Cash Incentive Awards Operating Income and 2025 Results The Committee structured our annual cash incentive awards for 2025 with OI targets that reflected the launch of the NGDV program, capacity expansion in the Vocational segment, and softer demand within our Access segment. Actual 2025 results for the annual cash incentive plan performance measures, based on the definitions below (which may differ from reported results based on U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) appear in the last column of the chart below. Performance Measure Bonus Weighting Threshold in Millions Target in Millions Maximum in Millions 2025 Actual in Millions Mr. Pfeifer, Mr. Field and Mr. Cortina Consolidated OI 70% $ 899 $ 1,090 $ 1,281 $ 1,005 Mr. Pack Consolidated OI 25% $ 899 $ 1,090 $ 1,281 $ 1,005 Vocational OI 50% $ 487 $ 570 $ 653 $ 587 Mr. Narang Consolidated OI 25% $ 899 $ 1,090 $ 1,281 $ 1,005 Access OI 50% $ 531 $ 621 $ 711 $ 518 Consolidated OI equals operating income based on U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) adjusted to exclude intangible asset amortization ($60 million) and intangible asset impairments ($6 million). Vocational segment OI equals Vocational operating income based on U.S. GAAP adjusted to exclude intangible asset amortization ($40 million). Access segment OI equals Access operating income based on U.S. GAAP adjusted to exclude intangible asset amortization ($16 million). The 2025 results satisfied the annual incentive plan requirement that we achieve a minimum 3% OI margin on a consolidated or segment basis, as applicable, in 2025 for participants to receive a payment based on OI that is above target. Actual OI margin in 2025 was 9.6% on a consolidated basis, 15.8% for the Vocational segment and 11.5% for the Access segment, in each case using amounts based on the definitions above (which may differ from reported results). Annual Cash Incentive Awards Free Cash Flow Conversion and 2025 Results The Committee established the targets for FCFC based on our forecasted financial performance, as we indicate below. Actual 2025 results based on the definitions below appear in the last column in the chart below. Performance Measure Bonus Weighting Threshold Target Maximum 2025 Actual Mr. Pfeifer, Mr. Field and Mr. Cortina Consolidated FCFC 30% 61.0% 86.0% 111.0% 62.7% Mr. Pack Vocational FCFC 25% 60.0% 75.0% 90.0% 96.5% Mr. Narang Access FCFC 25% 70.0% 85.0% 100.0% 55.5% Consolidated Free Cash Flow Conversion is FCFC (cash from operations, adjusted to remove cash generated by Pierce customer advances of $121 million and a reduction in tax payments as a result of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of $88 million, less cash used for the purchase of property, plant, and equipment divided by net income, adjusted for intangible asset impairments, net of tax, of $4 million. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis Vocational segment Free Cash Flow Conversion is FCFC (cash from operations excluding intercompany interest, transfer pricing and income taxes, adjusted to remove cash generated by Pierce customer advances of $121 million, less cash used for the purchase of property, plant, and equipment) divided by Vocational segment operating income. Access segment Free Cash Flow Conversion is FCFC (cash from operations excluding intercompany interest, transfer pricing and income taxes, less cash used for the purchase of property, plant, and equipment) divided by Access segment operating income. 2025 Annual Incentive Award Payouts Based on consolidated and segment results, performance payouts under the annual cash incentive plan to our NEOs were as follows: Target Annual Incentive Award ($) (1) Payout Based on Consolidated OI ($) Payout Based on Consolidated FCFC ($) Payout Based on Segment OI ($) Payout Based on Segment FCFC ($) Total ($) Payout Level (Percent of Target Payout) (2) Mr. Pfeifer 1,867,439 1,015,700 299,164 N/A N/A 1,314,864 70.4% Mr. Field 630,000 342,657 100,926 N/A N/A 443,583 70.4% Mr. Pack 649,271 126,121 N/A 392,484 324,636 843,241 129.9% Mr. Narang 672,459 130,625 N/A 130,625 19.4% Mr. Cortina 528,579 287,494 84,678 N/A N/A 372,172 70.4% (1) The target annual incentive award represents 2025 base salary earned multiplied by each NEO s target award percentage. (2) Payout level is the sum of the results of each performance measure as a percentage of target performance multiplied by each measure s respective weighting. Equity-Based Long-Term Incentive Awards The Committee grants individual equity awards for executives on an annual basis at its February meeting. Equity awards we granted in 2025 are subject to the terms of our 2024 Incentive Stock and Awards Plan, which shareholders approved at the 2024 Annual Meeting. In 2025, as we had done in the recent past, we provided two types of equity-based long-term incentive awards: performance shares and restricted stock units. The Committee believes equity-based long-term incentive awards are key components of our compensation program and appropriately align pay with performance. Long-term incentive awards serve the following three critical functions: Motivate executives to focus on our long-term growth and performance; Encourage and facilitate executive ownership of our common stock, which aligns executive objectives with those of shareholders; and Help to attract and retain key executives, which we believe contributes to increased shareholder value. For annual equity awards that the Committee granted in 2025, the Committee granted to each NEO long-term incentive awards. We reference the market median in Mercer s compensation analysis when determining long-term incentive grant date award values and make individual decisions considering each executive s scope, experience, skills, capabilities and performance. The awards provided a significant incentive for executives to execute our strategy, achieve long-term performance goals and deliver total shareholder return and also provided considerable retention value for key executives. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 36 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis The following table summarizes target long-term incentive grant date award values that we used for awards to NEOs for 2024 and 2025. Named Executive Officer 2024 Long-Term Incentive Award Granted 2/19/2024 2025 Long-Term Incentive Award Granted 2/17/2025 Mr. Pfeifer $ 8,500,278 $ 10,000,031 Mr. Field N/A $ 1,750,271 Mr. Pack $ 1,750,275 $ 1,750,271 Mr. Narang $ 1,950,165 $ 1,950,216 Mr. Cortina $ 1,500,085 $ 1,650,219 For the 2025 grants, the Committee approved the delivery of the target award value by awarding to each executive: 50% of the target value in the form of performance shares (30% on relative TSR and 20% on relative ROIC) and 50% in the form of restricted stock units. Performance Share Awards All performance share awards will require our company performance to exceed certain thresholds to deliver a payout. For 2025 grants, performance shares accounted for a total combined weight of approximately 50% of the target award value for each NEO s long-term incentives. We granted to each NEO performance shares with 30% of the annual long-term incentive target award value allocated to relative TSR and 20% allocated to relative ROIC. The Committee discontinued the use of sustainability measures for performance shares that it granted in 2025. The Committee valued relative TSR performance shares using a Monte Carlo simulation model from a third-party provider. The Committee valued relative ROIC performance shares using the fair market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. These awards reinforced our pay-for-performance philosophy by providing target (100%) payout only if we achieve at least 50 th percentile performance for our relative TSR and relative ROIC measures. Executives can earn up to a maximum payout of 200% of target on each measure for outstanding performance. In addition to being performance-based, our performance shares vest only after three years of continuous employment (subject to additional terms in the event of retirement), which provides a retention incentive during the full vesting period. Upon a qualified retirement, a pro-rata portion of the performance shares will vest. Mr. Pfeifer is eligible to retire under our incentive stock plans as of December 31, 2025. The definition of a qualified retirement is that the executive is at least 55 years of age and has completed five years of service with the Company. Total Shareholder Return The 2025 TSR-based performance share awards measure performance based on the Company s TSR relative to the TSR results of an index of similarly-sized companies over a three-year performance period. Executives benefit from these 2025 performance share grants only if our TSR compares favorably to the TSR of companies in the Standard Poor s MidCap 400 Index. TSR is defined as stock price appreciation plus dividends over three fiscal years. The final number of shares an executive receives at the end of the three-year performance period can range from zero to double the target number of performance shares, depending on our relative TSR, subject to the payout cap that we describe below. Performance shares support the Committee s objective of increasing executives ownership interest in our Company and giving them incentive to enhance shareholder value. The table below reflects the percentage of target performance shares that an NEO could earn at the end of the three-year period from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2027 based on our relative TSR performance, with the payout prorated for performance between the listed outcomes. This award is subject to a payout cap, using our share price on the last day in the performance period, equal to 400% of the aggregate value of the number of shares the executive would have received for relative TSR performance at the 50th percentile using our share price on the date we awarded performance shares. If the award value exceeds the payout cap, we reduce the shares that we deliver to the value of the payout cap. OSHKOSH CORPORATION | 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis 3-Year TSR Percent of Target Shares Award Earned Below 25th Percentile 0% 25th Percentile 50% 50th Percentile 100% 75th Percentile 200% The Committee continues to use the Standard Poor s MidCap 400 Index for these awards rather than the more targeted comparator group that we used for ROIC purposes because using the index reflects the Committee s view that there is a broad range of investment options available to shareholders. TSR Results that Impacted 2025 For performance share awards that we granted in 2023 relating to performance from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2025, our TSR of 47.3% resulted in a rank at the 66th percentile relative to the TSR of companies in the Standard Poor s MidCap 400 Index. This percentile ranking resulted in a payout at 163% of target for these awards, which resulted in payouts to the participating NEOs at the values shown below. NEOs Payout for Performance Period ended 12/31/2025 TSR (2) Mr. Pfeifer $ 4,173,339 Mr. Field (1) N/A Mr. Pack $ 1,001,868 Mr. Narang (1) N/A Mr. Cortina $ 1,001,868 (1) Mr. Field and Mr. Narang did 