=== ZBH_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors If we fail to comply with data privacy and 8 security laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Competition The orthopedics and broader musculoskeletal care industry is highly competitive. In the global markets for our knees, hips, and S.E.T. products, our major competitors include Johnson Johnson MedTech (formerly the DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson Johnson), Stryker Corporation and Smith Nephew plc. There are smaller competitors in these product categories as well that focus on smaller subsegments of the industry. Competition within the industry is primarily based on technology, innovation, quality, reputation, customer service and pricing. A key factor in our continuing success in the future will be our ability to develop new products and technologies and improve existing products and technologies. Manufacturing and Raw Materials We manufacture our products at various sites. We also strategically outsource some manufacturing to qualified suppliers who are highly capable of producing components. The manufacturing operations at our facilities are designed to incorporate the cellular concept for production and to implement tenets of a manufacturing philosophy focused on continuous improvement efforts in product quality, lead time reduction and capacity optimization. Our continuous improvement efforts are driven by Lean and Six Sigma methodologies. In addition, at certain of our manufacturing facilities, many of the employees are cross-trained to perform a broad array of operations. We generally target operating our manufacturing facilities at optimal levels of total capacity. We continually evaluate the potential to in source and outsource production as part of our manufacturing strategy to provide value to our stakeholders. In most of our manufacturing network, we have improved our manufacturing processes to harmonize and optimize our quality systems and to protect our profitability and offset the impact of inflationary costs. We have, for example, employed computer-assisted robots and multi-axis grinders to precision polish medical devices; automated certain manufacturing and inspection processes, including on-machine inspection and process controls; purchased state-of-the-art equipment; in-sourced core products and processes; and negotiated cost reductions from third-party suppliers. We use a diverse and broad range of raw materials in the manufacturing of our products. We purchase all of our raw materials and select components used in manufacturing our products from external suppliers. In addition, we purchase some supplies from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, sole source availability, cost effectiveness or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. We work closely with our suppliers to assure continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability. Intellectual Property Patents and other proprietary rights are important to the continued success of our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We protect our proprietary rights through a variety of methods, including confidentiality agreements and proprietary information agreements with suppliers, employees, consultants and others who may have access to proprietary information. We own or control through licensing arrangements over 6,000 issued patents and patent applications throughout the world that relate to aspects of the technology incorporated in many of our products. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 17,000 employees worldwide, including approximately 2,000 employees dedicated to research and development. Approximately 7,000 employees are located within the U.S. and approximately 10,000 employees are located outside of the U.S., primarily throughout Europe and in Japan and China. We have approximately 6,000 employees dedicated to manufacturing our products worldwide. 9 Our mission is to alleviate pain and improve the quality of life for people around the world. Our commitment to patients shapes all day-to-day decisions at Zimmer Biomet. To be able to accomplish our mission, we have established guiding principles. These guiding principles are central to our human capital management policies and practices. The guiding principles are: Respect and show gratitude for the contributions and diverse perspectives of others Commit to the highest standards of patient safety, quality and integrity Focus our resources in areas where we will make a difference Ensure the company s return is equivalent to the value we provide our customers and patients Give back to our communities and people in need. Team Member Inclusion Our team member inclusion efforts are intended to identify, attract and retain talent for our business. Our eight global employee resource groups ( ERGs ) are open to all team members and have substantial participation with membership representing approximately 15 percent of our workforce. Our ERGs also receive funding from the Zimmer Biomet Foundation, Inc. to support communities and partnerships aligned to our Mission. Employee Engagement We value our employees input and to that end, from time to time, we conduct comprehensive employee engagement surveys that ultimately inform our actions towards improving employee engagement. Surveys attempt to assess five drivers of engagement including purpose, culture, leadership, personal growth and belonging. The key results of surveys, and commensurate action plans, are shared with our Board of Directors and with our employee base. Employee engagement is the degree to which employees invest their cognitive, emotional, and behavioral energies toward positive organizational outcomes. While we strive for engagement scores to sequentially improve, the outcomes of the surveys can be influenced by many factors that are internal and external to the company. We believe it is critical to keep our employees engaged through frequent and transparent communication. This is accomplished through town halls, video and written messages, news and recognition on our intranet site, and various other methods. Health, Safety and Wellness The physical and mental health, financial wellbeing, and work/life balance of our employees is vital to accomplishing our mission. We sponsor wellness programs designed to enhance physical, financial and mental wellbeing for our employees. We encourage participation in these programs through regular communications, educational sessions and other incentives. We are also intensely focused on the health and safety of our team members in the workplace. Our environmental, health and safety team constantly monitors various metrics to ensure we are providing a safe environment in which to work. In 2025, our Total Recordable Incident Rate was 0.22 and our Lost Time Incident Rate was 0.10. These results are shared with relevant regulatory agencies as required and presented to our Board of Directors. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of February 13, 2026. Name Age Position Ivan Tornos 50 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jehanzeb Noor 44 Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy, Business Development, Innovation and Transformation Officer Chad Phipps 54 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and Secretary Paul Stellato 51 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Kevin Thornal 52 Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas 10 Suketu Upadhyay 56 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President - Finance, Operations and Supply Chain Wilfred van Zuilen 56 Group President, Europe, Middle East and Africa Lori Winkler 64 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer Sang Yi 63 Group President, Asia Pacific Mr. Tornos was appointed Chairman of the Board in May 2025. He was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors in August 2023. Previously, he served as the Company s Chief Operating Officer since March 2021, as Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas from December 2019 until March 2021, and as Group President, Orthopedics from joining the Company in November 2018 until December 2019. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. Tornos served as Worldwide President of the Global Urology, Medical and Critical Care Divisions of Becton, Dickinson and Company ( BD ) (and previously, C. R. Bard, Inc. ( Bard )) from June 2017 until October 2018. From June 2017 until BD s acquisition of Bard in December 2017, Mr. Tornos also continued to serve as President, EMEA of Bard, a position to which he was appointed in September 2013. Mr. Tornos joined Bard in August 2011 and, prior to his appointment as President, EMEA, served as Vice President and General Manager with leadership responsibility for Bard s business in Southern Europe, Central Europe and the Emerging Markets Region of the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Bard, Mr. Tornos served as Vice President and General Manager of the Americas Pharmaceutical and Medical/Imaging Segments of Covidien International from April 2009 to August 2011. Before that, he served as International Vice President, Business Development and Strategy with Baxter International Inc. from July 2008 to April 2009 and, prior to that, Mr. Tornos spent 11 years with Johnson Johnson in positions of increasing responsibility. He has also served as a member of the board of directors at PHC Holdings Corporation since September 2021. Mr. Noor was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy, Business Development, Innovation and Transformation Officer in January 2026, after being appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy, Innovation and Business Development Officer in March 2025. In his role, he is responsible for leading strategy development and execution; overseeing all facets of M A; identifying short- and long-term organic and inorganic growth opportunities; and leading enterprise-wide transformation. In addition, he oversees the research and product development organizations, inclusive of new product and service development, partnership and ecosystem development and platform technologies. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet in March 2025, Mr. Noor served as President and Managing Director for Europe, Africa and Asia at Trivium starting in August 2022 and was CEO of Smiths Medical from July 2019 through January 2022. He also previously held roles of increasing responsibility at Amcor, McKinsey (Partner), Ford Motor Company and Constellation Energy Commodities Group. Mr. Noor holds a Master of Science with a focus on Product Design and Operations Management, a Bachelor of Science in Finance and a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, all from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Mr. Phipps was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and Secretary in January 2026. He has global responsibility for the Company s Legal Affairs and he serves as Secretary to the Board of Directors. Mr. Phipps also oversees the Company s compliance, communications, corporate social responsibility and government affairs activities. Previously, Mr. Phipps served as the Company s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from May 2007 to January 2026 and as Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from December 2005 to May 2007. He joined the Company in September 2003 as Associate Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Vice President and General Counsel of L N Sales and Marketing, Inc. in Pennsylvania and he practiced law with the firm of Morgan, Lewis Bockius in Philadelphia, focusing on corporate and securities law, mergers and acquisitions and financial transactions. Mr. Stellato was appointed Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in May 2022. Previously, he served as Vice President Finance, Global Business Services from March 2019 through April 2022, with Xylem Inc. ( Xylem ), a global provider of water technology products and services. He joined Xylem upon its spinoff from ITT Corporation ( ITT ) in October 2011 and served as Xylem s Vice President Finance, Financial Planning and Analysis through August 2017. He was promoted to Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in August 2017 after serving as Interim Corporate Controller starting in August 2016, and became Vice President Finance, Global Business Services in March 2019. Prior to Xylem s spinoff from ITT in October 2011, Mr. Stellato served with ITT beginning in May 2003, having served most recently as ITT s General Auditor and prior to that, as Manager - Investor Relations. He began his career in public accounting with Ernst Young LLP and Arthur Andersen LLP and is a certified public accountant. 11 Mr. Thornal was appointed Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas in July 2025. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Thornal served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Nevro Corp. from April 2023, and as a member of its Board of Directors from May 2023, until the completion of its acquisition by Globus Medical, Inc. in April 2025. He previously served as the Group President of Global Diagnostic Solutions at Hologic, Inc. ( Hologic ) from April 2022 to April 2023. Mr. Thornal served in several leadership positions with increasing levels of responsibility at Hologic from 2014 to April 2023. Prior to Hologic, Mr. Thornal held several roles of increasing responsibility at Stryker Corp. from 2004 to 2014 in sales, marketing, and business development. Mr. Upadhyay was appointed Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President - Finance, Operations and Supply Chain in August 2023. Previously, he served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since joining the Company in July 2019. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. Upadhyay served as Senior Vice President, Global Financial Operations at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company from November 2016 until June 2019. Before joining Bristol-Myers Squibb, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Endo International plc from September 2013 to November 2016. Prior to his tenure at Endo International, Mr. Upadhyay served as Interim Chief Financial Officer as well as Senior Vice President of Finance, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of BD. Prior to his role as BD s Interim Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller, Mr. Upadhyay was the Senior Vice President of Global Financial Planning and Analysis and also held the role of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BD s international business. Before joining BD in 2010, Mr. Upadhyay held a number of leadership roles across AstraZeneca PLC and Johnson Johnson. Mr. Upadhyay spent the early part of his career in public accounting with KPMG. He has also served as a member of the board of directors of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated since May 2022. He holds a B.S. in Finance from Albright College and an M.B.A. from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. He holds the inactive designations of C.P.A. and C.M.A. Mr. van Zuilen was appointed Group President, Europe, Middle East and Africa in September 2023, after having served as President, Europe, Middle East and Africa since joining the Company in June 2021. He is responsible for the sales, marketing and distribution of products, services and solutions in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. van Zuilen served in various roles for Medtronic plc, including as Vice President, North Western Europe from October 2020 to May 2021, as Vice President, Restorative Therapies Group EMEA from February 2017 through September 2020, and as Vice President, Advanced Surgical Technologies Europe, Surgical Solution Group, from October 2011 through January 2017. He served in other roles of increasing responsibility with Medtronic plc through January 1998. Before joining Medtronic, he spent more than five years in medical sales, most recently with Baxter BV (Edwards Lifesciences). Ms. Winkler was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer in March 2021, after joining Zimmer Biomet as Group Vice President of Human Resources in February 2020. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, she served Cardinal Health, Inc. as a Worldwide Vice President of Human Resources in the Medical Segment from November 2016 through January 2020. Before joining Cardinal Health, Ms. Winkler served more than 20 years with Johnson and Johnson, including its subsidiary companies DePuy and Cordis, most recently as Global Head, Human Resources Global Finance from April 2011 through November 2016. She has served as an independent voting member of the board of directors of Family Promise, Inc., a 501(c)(3) charity focused on housing and homelessness, since August 2022. Mr. Yi was appointed Group President, Asia Pacific, in March 2021. He is responsible for the sales, marketing and distribution of products, services and solutions in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Yi joined the Company in March 2013 as Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific and was promoted to President, Asia Pacific, in June 2015. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Vice President and General Manager of St. Jude Medical for Asia Pacific and Australia from 2005 to 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Yi held several leadership positions over a ten-year period with Boston Scientific Corporation, ultimately serving as Vice President for North Asia. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our Internet address is www.zimmerbiomet.com. We routinely post important information for investors on our website in the Investor Relations section, which may be accessed from our homepage at www.zimmerbiomet.com or directly at https://investor.zimmerbiomet.com. We use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public 12 conference calls, presentations and webcasts. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, free of charge, including: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC; announcements of investor conferences and events at which our executives talk about our products and competitive strategies, as well as archives of these events; press releases on quarterly earnings, product announcements, legal developments and other material news that we may post from time to time; corporate governance information including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, information concerning our Board of Directors and its committees, including the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Management Development Committee, Corporate Governance Committee and Quality, Regulatory and Technology Committee, and other governance-related policies; stockholder services information, including ways to contact our transfer agent and information on how to sign up for direct deposit of dividends or enroll in our dividend reinvestment plan; and opportunities to sign up for email alerts and RSS feeds to have information provided in real time. The information available on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or a part of, this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. Item 1A. Ris k Factors We operate in a rapidly changing competitive, economic and technological environment that presents numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations, including causing our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of material risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may materially adversely affect us in future periods. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our securities. Risks Related to our Business, Operations and Strategy Our success depends on our ability to effectively develop and market our products against those of our competitors. We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances by one or more of our present or future competitors. To remain competitive, we must continue to identify, prioritize, develop and acquire new products and technologies, as well as identify, prioritize and improve existing products and technologies. We must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for such products, accurately forecast demand, manufacture the correct mix of products, distribute products to multiple global markets and market those products profitably. For example, in the past we have experienced elevated charges for excess and obsolete inventory while also facing increased backorders due to unpredictable demand fluctuations across our various markets, and there can be no assurance that production mix planning or inventory allocation will match end market demand. Competition within our markets is primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, quality, reputation, customer service and pricing. In markets outside of the U.S., other factors influence competition as well, including local distribution systems, complex regulatory environments, differing medical philosophies and differing product preferences, including policy-driven preferences for local manufacturers. Our competition may have, and at times does have, greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources than us; respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies; undertake more extensive marketing campaigns; operate more effective planning, manufacturing, sales and distribution channels; adopt more aggressive pricing policies; or be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners. Additionally, our customers needs often vary 13 depending on their sites of care, such as hospitals, hospital systems, ambulatory surgical centers and doctors offices, and certain of our competitors have better capabilities to serve certain sites of care than we do. We also face competition from pharmaceutical and other therapies that may be more attractive than, or have other benefits over, our products, or that could affect the frequency, progressions or symptoms of diseases and conditions that our products treat. Any of these factors, alone or in combination, could cause us to have difficulty maintaining or increasing sales of our products or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our products may become obsolete, customers may not buy our products, and our revenue and profitability may decline without the timely introduction of new products and enhancements, due to changes in markets, changes in our strategy, or due to changes in applicable standards of care. Demand for our products may change, in certain cases, in ways we may not anticipate because of evolving customer needs, changing demographics, changing industry growth rates, declines in the musculoskeletal implant market, the introduction of competing products and technologies, changes to our strategy, the emergence of alternative treatment methods, evolving surgical philosophies and evolving industry standards. Our products may become obsolete without the timely introduction of new products and enhancements or due to changes in applicable standards of care. If that happens, our revenue and operating results would suffer. The success of our new and enhanced product offerings will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly identify and anticipate customer needs; commercialize new products in a timely manner; manufacture and deliver instruments and products on time and in sufficient volumes; differentiate our offerings from competitors offerings; achieve positive clinical outcomes for new products; satisfy the increased demands by healthcare payors, providers and patients for shorter hospital stays, faster post-operative recovery and lower-cost procedures; innovate and develop new materials, product designs and surgical techniques; and provide adequate medical education relating to new products. In addition, new materials, product designs, product enhancements and surgical techniques that we develop may not be accepted quickly or at all, or in some or all markets, because of, among other factors, the need for regulatory clearance, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, competitive factors and uncertainty with respect to third-party reimbursement. Moreover, innovations generally require a substantial investment in research and development before we can determine their commercial viability, and we may not have the financial resources necessary to fund the research, development and production. In addition, even if we are able to successfully develop enhancements or new generations of our products, these enhancements or new generations of products may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development and they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. Our success largely depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate our human capital, including our senior management, key employees and key third parties, and on our ability to have meaningful succession plans in place to prepare for foreseen and unforeseen changes. Our future performance depends on the continued skills, experiences, competencies and services of our senior management, key employees and key third parties (including independent distributors and sales agents), and our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate such talent. We rely on certain employees and third parties for research and development; operations; quality assurance; and the distribution, marketing and sales of our products. If we fail to retain our senior management, key employees and key third parties, our revenue and profitability may decline, and our business may be otherwise adversely affected. Additionally, certain of our key employees and third parties have detailed knowledge of our products and instruments and have developed professional relationships with existing and potential customers due to this knowledge. Recent legal and regulatory changes may affect our ability to enforce post-termination obligations from certain employees and third parties with respect to non-competition, non-solicitation and protection of confidential information, which may negatively impact our ability to retain key employees and third-party distributors and to protect our information and relationships with our customers. Competition for talent in our business is significant. Our ability to attract and retain key employee and third-party talent is dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions, our ability to offer competitive compensation packages, our ability to be perceived as a preferred place to work and the contract terms we offer to third parties. Changes in the terms and conditions of employment or engagement, such as the availability of remote and hybrid work programs, benefit and perquisite programs and engagement on an employee or independent contractor basis, may affect our ability to attract and retain key talent. 14 Effective succession planning for senior management, key employees and key third parties (including independent distributors and sales agents) is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure orderly transitions involving senior management, key employees and key third parties, as well as inadequate transfer of knowledge, customer relationships and other know-how, could adversely affect our business and financial results. We are transforming aspects of our sales and distribution network and go-to-market model in the U.S. and certain other markets, and these efforts may not be successful and they involve risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are converting substantial portions of our U.S. sales force from independent distributors and sales representatives to our employees in a multi-year initiative. We are also increasing product category specialization and focus across our U.S. sales force, which may lead to disruptions for our sales personnel. We may not successfully execute or manage this transformation and transition, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. These transformative actions present significant operational, legal, financial and cultural challenges and require effective planning and