=== ZBH_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors If we fail to comply with data privacy and 8 security laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Competition The orthopedics and broader musculoskeletal care industry is highly competitive. In the global markets for our knees, hips, and S.E.T. products, our major competitors include Johnson Johnson MedTech (formerly the DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson Johnson), Stryker Corporation and Smith Nephew plc. There are smaller competitors in these product categories as well that focus on smaller subsegments of the industry. Competition within the industry is primarily based on technology, innovation, quality, reputation, customer service and pricing. A key factor in our continuing success in the future will be our ability to develop new products and technologies and improve existing products and technologies. Manufacturing and Raw Materials We manufacture our products at various sites. We also strategically outsource some manufacturing to qualified suppliers who are highly capable of producing components. The manufacturing operations at our facilities are designed to incorporate the cellular concept for production and to implement tenets of a manufacturing philosophy focused on continuous improvement efforts in product quality, lead time reduction and capacity optimization. Our continuous improvement efforts are driven by Lean and Six Sigma methodologies. In addition, at certain of our manufacturing facilities, many of the employees are cross-trained to perform a broad array of operations. We generally target operating our manufacturing facilities at optimal levels of total capacity. We continually evaluate the potential to in source and outsource production as part of our manufacturing strategy to provide value to our stakeholders. In most of our manufacturing network, we have improved our manufacturing processes to harmonize and optimize our quality systems and to protect our profitability and offset the impact of inflationary costs. We have, for example, employed computer-assisted robots and multi-axis grinders to precision polish medical devices; automated certain manufacturing and inspection processes, including on-machine inspection and process controls; purchased state-of-the-art equipment; in-sourced core products and processes; and negotiated cost reductions from third-party suppliers. We use a diverse and broad range of raw materials in the manufacturing of our products. We purchase all of our raw materials and select components used in manufacturing our products from external suppliers. In addition, we purchase some supplies from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, sole source availability, cost effectiveness or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. We work closely with our suppliers to assure continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability. Intellectual Property Patents and other proprietary rights are important to the continued success of our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We protect our proprietary rights through a variety of methods, including confidentiality agreements and proprietary information agreements with suppliers, employees, consultants and others who may have access to proprietary information. We own or control through licensing arrangements over 6,000 issued patents and patent applications throughout the world that relate to aspects of the technology incorporated in many of our products. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 17,000 employees worldwide, including approximately 2,000 employees dedicated to research and development. Approximately 7,000 employees are located within the U.S. and approximately 10,000 employees are located outside of the U.S., primarily throughout Europe and in Japan and China. We have approximately 6,000 employees dedicated to manufacturing our products worldwide. 9 Our mission is to alleviate pain and improve the quality of life for people around the world. Our commitment to patients shapes all day-to-day decisions at Zimmer Biomet. To be able to accomplish our mission, we have established guiding principles. These guiding principles are central to our human capital management policies and practices. The guiding principles are: Respect and show gratitude for the contributions and diverse perspectives of others Commit to the highest standards of patient safety, quality and integrity Focus our resources in areas where we will make a difference Ensure the company s return is equivalent to the value we provide our customers and patients Give back to our communities and people in need. Team Member Inclusion Our team member inclusion efforts are intended to identify, attract and retain talent for our business. Our eight global employee resource groups ( ERGs ) are open to all team members and have substantial participation with membership representing approximately 15 percent of our workforce. Our ERGs also receive funding from the Zimmer Biomet Foundation, Inc. to support communities and partnerships aligned to our Mission. Employee Engagement We value our employees input and to that end, from time to time, we conduct comprehensive employee engagement surveys that ultimately inform our actions towards improving employee engagement. Surveys attempt to assess five drivers of engagement including purpose, culture, leadership, personal growth and belonging. The key results of surveys, and commensurate action plans, are shared with our Board of Directors and with our employee base. Employee engagement is the degree to which employees invest their cognitive, emotional, and behavioral energies toward positive organizational outcomes. While we strive for engagement scores to sequentially improve, the outcomes of the surveys can be influenced by many factors that are internal and external to the company. We believe it is critical to keep our employees engaged through frequent and transparent communication. This is accomplished through town halls, video and written messages, news and recognition on our intranet site, and various other methods. Health, Safety and Wellness The physical and mental health, financial wellbeing, and work/life balance of our employees is vital to accomplishing our mission. We sponsor wellness programs designed to enhance physical, financial and mental wellbeing for our employees. We encourage participation in these programs through regular communications, educational sessions and other incentives. We are also intensely focused on the health and safety of our team members in the workplace. Our environmental, health and safety team constantly monitors various metrics to ensure we are providing a safe environment in which to work. In 2025, our Total Recordable Incident Rate was 0.22 and our Lost Time Incident Rate was 0.10. These results are shared with relevant regulatory agencies as required and presented to our Board of Directors. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of February 13, 2026. Name Age Position Ivan Tornos 50 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jehanzeb Noor 44 Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy, Business Development, Innovation and Transformation Officer Chad Phipps 54 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and Secretary Paul Stellato 51 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Kevin Thornal 52 Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas 10 Suketu Upadhyay 56 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President - Finance, Operations and Supply Chain Wilfred van Zuilen 56 Group President, Europe, Middle East and Africa Lori Winkler 64 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer Sang Yi 63 Group President, Asia Pacific Mr. Tornos was appointed Chairman of the Board in May 2025. He was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors in August 2023. Previously, he served as the Company s Chief Operating Officer since March 2021, as Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas from December 2019 until March 2021, and as Group President, Orthopedics from joining the Company in November 2018 until December 2019. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. Tornos served as Worldwide President of the Global Urology, Medical and Critical Care Divisions of Becton, Dickinson and Company ( BD ) (and previously, C. R. Bard, Inc. ( Bard )) from June 2017 until October 2018. From June 2017 until BD s acquisition of Bard in December 2017, Mr. Tornos also continued to serve as President, EMEA of Bard, a position to which he was appointed in September 2013. Mr. Tornos joined Bard in August 2011 and, prior to his appointment as President, EMEA, served as Vice President and General Manager with leadership responsibility for Bard s business in Southern Europe, Central Europe and the Emerging Markets Region of the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Bard, Mr. Tornos served as Vice President and General Manager of the Americas Pharmaceutical and Medical/Imaging Segments of Covidien International from April 2009 to August 2011. Before that, he served as International Vice President, Business Development and Strategy with Baxter International Inc. from July 2008 to April 2009 and, prior to that, Mr. Tornos spent 11 years with Johnson Johnson in positions of increasing responsibility. He has also served as a member of the board of directors at PHC Holdings Corporation since September 2021. Mr. Noor was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy, Business Development, Innovation and Transformation Officer in January 2026, after being appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy, Innovation and Business Development Officer in March 2025. In his role, he is responsible for leading strategy development and execution; overseeing all facets of M A; identifying short- and long-term organic and inorganic growth opportunities; and leading enterprise-wide transformation. In addition, he oversees the research and product development organizations, inclusive of new product and service development, partnership and ecosystem development and platform technologies. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet in March 2025, Mr. Noor served as President and Managing Director for Europe, Africa and Asia at Trivium starting in August 2022 and was CEO of Smiths Medical from July 2019 through January 2022. He also previously held roles of increasing responsibility at Amcor, McKinsey (Partner), Ford Motor Company and Constellation Energy Commodities Group. Mr. Noor holds a Master of Science with a focus on Product Design and Operations Management, a Bachelor of Science in Finance and a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, all from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Mr. Phipps was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer and Secretary in January 2026. He has global responsibility for the Company s Legal Affairs and he serves as Secretary to the Board of Directors. Mr. Phipps also oversees the Company s compliance, communications, corporate social responsibility and government affairs activities. Previously, Mr. Phipps served as the Company s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from May 2007 to January 2026 and as Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from December 2005 to May 2007. He joined the Company in September 2003 as Associate Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Vice President and General Counsel of L N Sales and Marketing, Inc. in Pennsylvania and he practiced law with the firm of Morgan, Lewis Bockius in Philadelphia, focusing on corporate and securities law, mergers and acquisitions and financial transactions. Mr. Stellato was appointed Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in May 2022. Previously, he served as Vice President Finance, Global Business Services from March 2019 through April 2022, with Xylem Inc. ( Xylem ), a global provider of water technology products and services. He joined Xylem upon its spinoff from ITT Corporation ( ITT ) in October 2011 and served as Xylem s Vice President Finance, Financial Planning and Analysis through August 2017. He was promoted to Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in August 2017 after serving as Interim Corporate Controller starting in August 2016, and became Vice President Finance, Global Business Services in March 2019. Prior to Xylem s spinoff from ITT in October 2011, Mr. Stellato served with ITT beginning in May 2003, having served most recently as ITT s General Auditor and prior to that, as Manager - Investor Relations. He began his career in public accounting with Ernst Young LLP and Arthur Andersen LLP and is a certified public accountant. 11 Mr. Thornal was appointed Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas in July 2025. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Thornal served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Nevro Corp. from April 2023, and as a member of its Board of Directors from May 2023, until the completion of its acquisition by Globus Medical, Inc. in April 2025. He previously served as the Group President of Global Diagnostic Solutions at Hologic, Inc. ( Hologic ) from April 2022 to April 2023. Mr. Thornal served in several leadership positions with increasing levels of responsibility at Hologic from 2014 to April 2023. Prior to Hologic, Mr. Thornal held several roles of increasing responsibility at Stryker Corp. from 2004 to 2014 in sales, marketing, and business development. Mr. Upadhyay was appointed Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President - Finance, Operations and Supply Chain in August 2023. Previously, he served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since joining the Company in July 2019. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. Upadhyay served as Senior Vice President, Global Financial Operations at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company from November 2016 until June 2019. Before joining Bristol-Myers Squibb, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Endo International plc from September 2013 to November 2016. Prior to his tenure at Endo International, Mr. Upadhyay served as Interim Chief Financial Officer as well as Senior Vice President of Finance, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of BD. Prior to his role as BD s Interim Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller, Mr. Upadhyay was the Senior Vice President of Global Financial Planning and Analysis and also held the role of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BD s international business. Before joining BD in 2010, Mr. Upadhyay held a number of leadership roles across AstraZeneca PLC and Johnson Johnson. Mr. Upadhyay spent the early part of his career in public accounting with KPMG. He has also served as a member of the board of directors of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated since May 2022. He holds a B.S. in Finance from Albright College and an M.B.A. from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. He holds the inactive designations of C.P.A. and C.M.A. Mr. van Zuilen was appointed Group President, Europe, Middle East and Africa in September 2023, after having served as President, Europe, Middle East and Africa since joining the Company in June 2021. He is responsible for the sales, marketing and distribution of products, services and solutions in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. van Zuilen served in various roles for Medtronic plc, including as Vice President, North Western Europe from October 2020 to May 2021, as Vice President, Restorative Therapies Group EMEA from February 2017 through September 2020, and as Vice President, Advanced Surgical Technologies Europe, Surgical Solution Group, from October 2011 through January 2017. He served in other roles of increasing responsibility with Medtronic plc through January 1998. Before joining Medtronic, he spent more than five years in medical sales, most recently with Baxter BV (Edwards Lifesciences). Ms. Winkler was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer in March 2021, after joining Zimmer Biomet as Group Vice President of Human Resources in February 2020. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, she served Cardinal Health, Inc. as a Worldwide Vice President of Human Resources in the Medical Segment from November 2016 through January 2020. Before joining Cardinal Health, Ms. Winkler served more than 20 years with Johnson and Johnson, including its subsidiary companies DePuy and Cordis, most recently as Global Head, Human Resources Global Finance from April 2011 through November 2016. She has served as an independent voting member of the board of directors of Family Promise, Inc., a 501(c)(3) charity focused on housing and homelessness, since August 2022. Mr. Yi was appointed Group President, Asia Pacific, in March 2021. He is responsible for the sales, marketing and distribution of products, services and solutions in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Yi joined the Company in March 2013 as Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific and was promoted to President, Asia Pacific, in June 2015. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Vice President and General Manager of St. Jude Medical for Asia Pacific and Australia from 2005 to 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Yi held several leadership positions over a ten-year period with Boston Scientific Corporation, ultimately serving as Vice President for North Asia. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our Internet address is www.zimmerbiomet.com. We routinely post important information for investors on our website in the Investor Relations section, which may be accessed from our homepage at www.zimmerbiomet.com or directly at https://investor.zimmerbiomet.com. We use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public 12 conference calls, presentations and webcasts. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, free of charge, including: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC; announcements of investor conferences and events at which our executives talk about our products and competitive strategies, as well as archives of these events; press releases on quarterly earnings, product announcements, legal developments and other material news that we may post from time to time; corporate governance information including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, information concerning our Board of Directors and its committees, including the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Management Development Committee, Corporate Governance Committee and Quality, Regulatory and Technology Committee, and other governance-related policies; stockholder services information, including ways to contact our transfer agent and information on how to sign up for direct deposit of dividends or enroll in our dividend reinvestment plan; and opportunities to sign up for email alerts and RSS feeds to have information provided in real time. The information available on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or a part of, this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. Item 1A. Ris k Factors We operate in a rapidly changing competitive, economic and technological environment that presents numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations, including causing our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of material risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may materially adversely affect us in future periods. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our securities. Risks Related to our Business, Operations and Strategy Our success depends on our ability to effectively develop and market our products against those of our competitors. We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances by one or more of our present or future competitors. To remain competitive, we must continue to identify, prioritize, develop and acquire new products and technologies, as well as identify, prioritize and improve existing products and technologies. We must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for such products, accurately forecast demand, manufacture the correct mix of products, distribute products to multiple global markets and market those products profitably. For example, in the past we have experienced elevated charges for excess and obsolete inventory while also facing increased backorders due to unpredictable demand fluctuations across our various markets, and there can be no assurance that production mix planning or inventory allocation will match end market demand. Competition within our markets is primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, quality, reputation, customer service and pricing. In markets outside of the U.S., other factors influence competition as well, including local distribution systems, complex regulatory environments, differing medical philosophies and differing product preferences, including policy-driven preferences for local manufacturers. Our competition may have, and at times does have, greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources than us; respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies; undertake more extensive marketing campaigns; operate more effective planning, manufacturing, sales and distribution channels; adopt more aggressive pricing policies; or be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners. Additionally, our customers needs often vary 13 depending on their sites of care, such as hospitals, hospital systems, ambulatory surgical centers and doctors offices, and certain of our competitors have better capabilities to serve certain sites of care than we do. We also face competition from pharmaceutical and other therapies that may be more attractive than, or have other benefits over, our products, or that could affect the frequency, progressions or symptoms of diseases and conditions that our products treat. Any of these factors, alone or in combination, could cause us to have difficulty maintaining or increasing sales of our products or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our products may become obsolete, customers may not buy our products, and our revenue and profitability may decline without the timely introduction of new products and enhancements, due to changes in markets, changes in our strategy, or due to changes in applicable standards of care. Demand for our products may change, in certain cases, in ways we may not anticipate because of evolving customer needs, changing demographics, changing industry growth rates, declines in the musculoskeletal implant market, the introduction of competing products and technologies, changes to our strategy, the emergence of alternative treatment methods, evolving surgical philosophies and evolving industry standards. Our products may become obsolete without the timely introduction of new products and enhancements or due to changes in applicable standards of care. If that happens, our revenue and operating results would suffer. The success of our new and enhanced product offerings will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly identify and anticipate customer needs; commercialize new products in a timely manner; manufacture and deliver instruments and products on time and in sufficient volumes; differentiate our offerings from competitors offerings; achieve positive clinical outcomes for new products; satisfy the increased demands by healthcare payors, providers and patients for shorter hospital stays, faster post-operative recovery and lower-cost procedures; innovate and develop new materials, product designs and surgical techniques; and provide adequate medical education relating to new products. In addition, new materials, product designs, product enhancements and surgical techniques that we develop may not be accepted quickly or at all, or in some or all markets, because of, among other factors, the need for regulatory clearance, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, competitive factors and uncertainty with respect to third-party reimbursement. Moreover, innovations generally require a substantial investment in research and development before we can determine their commercial viability, and we may not have the financial resources necessary to fund the research, development and production. In addition, even if we are able to successfully develop enhancements or new generations of our products, these enhancements or new generations of products may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development and they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. Our success largely depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate our human capital, including our senior management, key employees and key third parties, and on our ability to have meaningful succession plans in place to prepare for foreseen and unforeseen changes. Our future performance depends on the continued skills, experiences, competencies and services of our senior management, key employees and key third parties (including independent distributors and sales agents), and our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate such talent. We rely on certain employees and third parties for research and development; operations; quality assurance; and the distribution, marketing and sales of our products. If we fail to retain our senior management, key employees and key third parties, our revenue and profitability may decline, and our business may be otherwise adversely affected. Additionally, certain of our key employees and third parties have detailed knowledge of our products and instruments and have developed professional relationships with existing and potential customers due to this knowledge. Recent legal and regulatory changes may affect our ability to enforce post-termination obligations from certain employees and third parties with respect to non-competition, non-solicitation and protection of confidential information, which may negatively impact our ability to retain key employees and third-party distributors and to protect our information and relationships with our customers. Competition for talent in our business is significant. Our ability to attract and retain key employee and third-party talent is dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions, our ability to offer competitive compensation packages, our ability to be perceived as a preferred place to work and the contract terms we offer to third parties. Changes in the terms and conditions of employment or engagement, such as the availability of remote and hybrid work programs, benefit and perquisite programs and engagement on an employee or independent contractor basis, may affect our ability to attract and retain key talent. 14 Effective succession planning for senior management, key employees and key third parties (including independent distributors and sales agents) is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure orderly transitions involving senior management, key employees and key third parties, as well as inadequate transfer of knowledge, customer relationships and other know-how, could adversely affect our business and financial results. We are transforming aspects of our sales and distribution network and go-to-market model in the U.S. and certain other markets, and these efforts may not be successful and they involve risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are converting substantial portions of our U.S. sales force from independent distributors and sales representatives to our employees in a multi-year initiative. We are also increasing product category specialization and focus across our U.S. sales force, which may lead to disruptions for our sales personnel. We may not successfully execute or manage this transformation and transition, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. These transformative actions present significant operational, legal, financial and cultural challenges and require effective planning and execution across recruiting, onboarding, training, systems integration, compensation, compliance and management. We could experience operational disruptions, increased costs and reduced sales, and we may lose key sales personnel, including high-performing distributors, sales leaders and sales representatives, to competitors if they decline employment with us or depart following the transition. Any such departures could lead to loss of customer relationships, sales coverage gaps, diminished sales effectiveness and lower net sales. Even if we are able to retain key personnel, we expect to experience disruption to our U.S. sales force as roles, territories, product category sales coverage, compensation structures, incentive plans, reporting lines, systems and processes change, which could reduce morale, productivity and continuity in customer engagement, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, competitors are attempting, and may continue to attempt, to recruit our sales personnel (whether independent or employed) and target our customer relationships during and after the transition. The magnitude and duration of these impacts are uncertain and may be exacerbated by macroeconomic conditions, competition or other factors. We are additionally making certain changes to our sales force and go-to-market models in certain other countries in an effort to optimize our commercial strategies and improve our performance on a consistent basis in those markets. We are separately tailoring the nature, timing and scale of the changes to the requirements of individual markets, and do not expect the changes to be uniform. Throughout the transition to this new model in certain emerging markets, we expect revenue performance to be inconsistent as we negotiate with the displaced distributors, execute initial stocking orders with the new platform distributors and allow the platform distributors to coordinate with their sub-distributor network. Each market s transformation efforts present significant operational, legal, financial and cultural challenges and risks that are similar to those found in our above-described U.S. sales force transformation efforts, which risks may be magnified by the complexity of implementing different changes across multiple markets in parallel. The change in go-to-market strategy, outcome of existing litigation and the potential for additional litigation could have a material adverse impact on our financial results in the impacted markets. Our restructuring programs may not be successful or we may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring initiatives. We have initiated a series of restructuring programs to reduce costs, improve efficiency, spin off certain businesses, and prioritize investments in higher-priority growth operations. Restructuring initiatives involve complex plans and actions that may include, or result in, workforce reductions, plant closures and/or consolidations, product portfolio rationalizations and asset impairments. Additionally, as a result of restructuring initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiencies during transitional periods. Restructuring initiatives present risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including higher than anticipated costs in implementing our restructuring programs, as well as management distraction. For more information on our restructuring programs, see Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring programs, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our product portfolio rationalization activities may not be successful or we may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our portfolio rationalization initiatives. We are rationalizing our product portfolio to streamline our operations, enhance focus on strategic offerings, and improve cost efficiency. Effective management of our product portfolio is a complex process requiring 15 consideration of different regulatory requirements and approvals, preferences for different surgical techniques, reimbursement rates and other factors. Product portfolio rationalization may lead to the loss of product breadth valued by customers, potential disruption in customer relationships, and reduced sales in affected categories. It may also create transitional inefficiencies, including supply chain adjustments, inventory imbalances and challenges in forecasting demand for remaining products. These activities can divert management attention and resources away from other strategic priorities and may result in higher-than-expected costs, higher-than-expected inventory obsolescence, asset impairments or delays in achieving anticipated benefits. If our product portfolio rationalization efforts do not yield the expected operational improvements, cost savings, or market focus, or if such changes are not well-received by customers, our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. We may not be able to effectively integrate acquired businesses into our operations or achieve expected cost savings or profitability from our acquisitions. Our acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: unforeseen difficulties in integrating personnel and sales forces, operations, manufacturing, logistics, research and development, information technology, compliance, vendor management, communications, purchasing, accounting, marketing, administration and other systems and processes; difficulties harmonizing and optimizing quality systems and operations; diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations; unforeseen difficulties related to entering markets for which, or geographic regions where, we do not have prior experience; potential loss of key employees and key third parties; unforeseen risks and liabilities associated with businesses acquired, including any unknown vulnerabilities in acquired technology, compromises of acquired data or noncompliance with laws and regulations; and/or inability to generate sufficient revenue or realize sufficient cost savings to offset acquisition or investment costs. As a result, if we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions properly, we might not achieve the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, and we may incur costs in excess of what we anticipate. These risks would likely be greater in the case of larger acquisitions. Interruption of manufacturing or distribution operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We and our third-party manufacturers have manufacturing sites all over the world. In some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or a few plants which are concentrated in a single country or region. Damage to one or more facilities or related operations from weather or natural disaster-related events, vulnerabilities in technology, cyber attacks against our or our business partners information systems, issues in manufacturing arising from failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, compliance concerns relating to the Quality System Regulation ( QSR ) and Good Manufacturing Practice requirements, equipment breakdown or malfunction, reductions in operations and/or worker absences, trade impediments, international sanctions, wars or other factors has in the past adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the ability to manufacture and distribute our products. If we suffer, or a critical supplier suffers, a manufacturing interruption, we may be unable to move quickly to alternate means of producing or acquiring affected products or to meet customer demand, and alternative sources of supply may not be adequate to accommodate sudden increases in demand. We have experienced such interruptions previously (including in connection with our enterprise resource planning system implementation which negatively impacted distribution of our products in 2024), and we may experience such interruptions in the future. In the event of a significant interruption, for example, as a result of our or a supplier s failure to follow regulatory protocols and procedures or as a result of a bankruptcy, we (or our suppliers) may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products due primarily to the need for additional regulatory approvals. The global supply chain has been and continues to be negatively impacted by a variety of macro factors which have, in part, resulted in challenges to meet end market demand in some instances. As a result, we may experience lost sales, which we may be unable to recover, loss of market share, which we may be unable to recapture, and/or harm to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Challenges integrating, transitioning and implementing a new enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system have adversely affected our business and operations, and may in the future have further adverse effects. As a result of technology initiatives, changes in our system platforms and the ongoing integration of business acquisitions, we have been consolidating and integrating the ERP systems that we operate. ERP consolidation and integration programs are highly complex, require substantial management and financial resources, and may adversely affect our ability to process and/or fulfill orders, provide customer service, send and collect invoices, manage our contracts, manage our distribution network, provide financial information or otherwise run our business, in a timely manner or at all, or without incurring additional expenses or disruption. For example, during 2024, we experienced unanticipated challenges during an Americas ERP transition that disrupted our ability to fulfill customer orders during the second half of fiscal 2024, which caused adverse consequences including disruption to our ability to distribute product, difficulty in meeting customer demand, productivity declines, delays in invoicing customers, increased ERP system costs and loss of customers and sales. Additional disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the transition, design, and implementation of our ERP systems, particularly any disruptions, delays or deficiencies that impact our operations, could again in the future have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and results of financial operations. Disruptions in the supply of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products or the sterilization of our products by us or third-party suppliers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We purchase many of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products from third-party suppliers, and we outsource some key manufacturing activities. Certain of these materials and components and outsourced activities can only be obtained from a single source or a limited number of sources due to quality considerations, expertise, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. In certain cases, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement suppliers for such materials or components or outsourced activities in a timely or cost effective manner, due to market constraints or as a result of FDA or other worldwide regulations that require validation of materials and components prior to their use in our products and the complex nature of our and many of our suppliers' manufacturing processes and the need for clearance or approval of significant changes by FDA and other worldwide regulatory bodies prior to implementation. A reduction or interruption in the supply of materials or components used in manufacturing our products, such as due to loss of access to one or more suppliers; an inability to timely develop and validate alternative sources if required; or a significant increase in the price of such materials or components, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale, and we utilize a mix of internal resources and contract sterilizers to perform this service. We also provide contract sterilization services to certain of our customers. To the extent we or our contract sterilizers are or may become unable to sterilize our products or provide sterilization services to us or to our customers, whether caused by insufficient capacity; unavailability of materials for sterilization; regulatory or other restrictions on the use of certain sterilizing methods such as use of ethylene oxide; the bankruptcy or other financial constraints of the sterilizer (as we experienced with respect to one sterilization supplier in 2024); or otherwise, we may be unable to transition to other contract sterilizers, sterilizer locations or sterilization methods in a timely or cost effective manner or at all, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We and our business partners are dependent on sophisticated information technology and if we fail to effectively maintain or protect our information systems and data, including from cybersecurity events, our business could be adversely affected. We are dependent on sophisticated information technology for our products and infrastructure. As a result of technology initiatives, expanding and evolving privacy and cybersecurity laws, changes in our system platforms and the ongoing integration of business acquisitions, we have been consolidating and integrating the number of systems we operate and have upgraded and expanded our information systems and cybersecurity capabilities. In addition, some of our products and services incorporate software or information technology that collects data regarding patients and patient therapy, and some software and other products we provide to customers connect to our and third party systems for maintenance and other purposes. We also have outsourced elements of our operations to third parties (including suppliers, customers and other business partners), and, as a result, we manage a number of third parties who may now or could in the future have access to our confidential information, including, but not limited to, intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information of patients, team members and customers (collectively Confidential Information ). 17 Our information systems, and those of third parties with whom we contract, require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information technology, evolving system and regulatory standards, changing threats and vulnerabilities, and the increasing need to protect data including patient, customer and Confidential Information. In addition, given their size and complexity, these systems are vulnerable to service interruptions and to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third party suppliers and/or business partners, and from cyber attacks by malicious third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our products, systems or Confidential Information. Further, our use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in our infrastructure and products exposes us to a variety of threats, risks and uncertainties, including with respect to changing laws and regulations regarding the use of such technologies; the risks of inaccuracies, errors and interruptions affecting business processes supported by artificial intelligence; the risks of inaccuracies, errors and interruptions to our products and services using artificial intelligence, which could result in harm to patients or other adverse outcomes; and the variety of risks associated with any other use of information technology, including risks relating to data privacy and access, interruption, compliance, implementation and other factors. Like other large multi-national corporations, we and the third parties with whom we contract regularly experience cyber attacks, certain of which (including email phishing attacks on our email systems) have been successful, and we expect to continue to be subject to such attacks. These attacks may include phishing, state-sponsored cyber attacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, computer denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other malware, payment fraud or other cyber incidents. Evolving artificial intelligence and machine learning tools continue to improve the capabilities of cyber attackers. In addition, as a result of our adoption of remote work arrangements in many positions, a significant number of our employees who are able to work remotely are doing so, which exposes us to additional cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity program, incident response efforts, business continuity procedures and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. If we (or third parties with whom we contract) fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could: suffer a loss of access to or alteration of all or a portion of our Confidential Information; have difficulty meeting our compliance requirements, including with respect to data retention and reporting, QMS, quality reporting or other requirements; have difficulty developing new or enhanced products; lose existing customers, suppliers and business partners; have difficulty attracting new customers; have problems in determining product cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; suffer outages or disruptions in our operations, supply chain, products and/or services, including our ZBEdge ecosystem; have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud; have disputes with customers, physicians, other healthcare professionals and payors for our products; have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed; incur increased operating expenses; be subject to issues with product functionality that may result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, field actions and/or product recalls; incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach; or suffer other adverse consequences. Additionally, cybersecurity events suffered by health insurers and other third-party payors have delayed and otherwise adversely affected the demand and payment for surgical procedures and treatments involving our products and services, which adverse effects may continue, recur, and/or change in scope or magnitude in the future. Cyber attacks are becoming more sophisticated, frequent and adaptive, and therefore, despite our efforts, we cannot assure that cybersecurity incidents or data breaches will not occur or that technology or information system issues will not arise in the future. Any significant breakdown, intrusion, breach, interruption, corruption or destruction of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 18 Business interruptions and disruptions have adversely impacted, and may, either alone or in combination with other risks, in the future adversely impact, our business, results of operations and financial condition, the nature and extent of which impacts are uncertain and unpredictable. Our operations expose us to risks from business interruptions that may arise from a variety of sources, including public health crises; supply chain disruptions; loss of or limitations on access to certain markets due to trade and tariff disputes and disruptions or national, regional and global conflicts; adverse economic developments; healthcare staffing challenges; government shutdowns; natural disasters; and other events that can, singly or in combination with other factors, adversely affect our business and financial results. There can be no assurance that we will successfully manage such risks without adverse impacts to our business or financial results. If third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or reduce reimbursement levels, the demand for our products may decline and our ability to sell our products profitably may be harmed. In addition, we are subject to cost containment measures in the United States and other countries, resulting in pricing pressures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and cash flows. We sell our products and services to hospitals, doctors and other healthcare providers, which receive reimbursement for the healthcare services provided to their patients from third-party payors, such as domestic and international government programs, private insurance plans and managed care programs. These third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a product or service used in a procedure was not in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods, as determined by the third-party payor, or was used for an unapproved indication. Third-party payors may also decline to reimburse for experimental procedures and products. In addition, third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. If third-party payors deny or decline reimbursement, reduce reimbursement levels or change reimbursement models for our products, demand for our products may decline, or we may experience increased pressure to reduce the prices of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Many customers of our products have formed group purchasing organizations in an effort to contain costs. Group purchasing organizations negotiate pricing arrangements with medical supply manufacturers and distributors, and these negotiated prices are made available to a group purchasing organization s affiliated hospitals and other members. If we are not one of the providers selected by a group purchasing organization, affiliated hospitals and other members may be less likely to purchase our products, and, if the group purchasing organization has negotiated a strict compliance contract for another manufacturer s products, we may be precluded from making sales to members of the group purchasing organization for the duration of the contractual arrangement. Our failure to respond to the cost-containment efforts of group purchasing organizations may cause us to lose market share to our competitors and could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Initiatives to limit the growth of general healthcare expenses and hospital costs are ongoing in the markets in which we do business, and we have experienced downward pressure on product pricing and other effects of healthcare reform in our international markets. These initiatives are sponsored by government agencies, legislative bodies and the private sector and include price regulation and competitive pricing. For example, China has implemented volume-based procurement ( VBP ) processes designed to reduce medical spending, which have in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, reduced margins on covered devices and products, required renegotiation of distributor arrangements, and incurrence of inventory-related charges. Buy local initiatives have in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, reduced demand for our products, as well as reduced margins on covered devices and products, required renegotiation of distributor arrangements and incurrence of inventory-related charges. Similarly, the Italian Public Administration implemented a Pay Back law to obtain reimbursement from the medical device industry to contribute to government overspending on medical devices beginning in 2015 and a Fund for the Government of Medical Devices applicable to revenues relating to medical devices, large medical equipment and in vitro diagnostic devices commencing in 2024. Additional cost reduction and recovery strategies are likely to be proposed in various jurisdictions, the effects of which are difficult to predict, but may have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Pricing pressure continues due to consolidation among healthcare providers, trends toward managed care, the shift toward governments becoming the primary payors of healthcare expenses, reductions in reimbursement levels and government laws and regulations relating to reimbursement and pricing generally. If key participants in government healthcare systems reduce the reimbursement levels for our products, including through regulatory changes, elections and other political changes, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 19 Natural disasters, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address natural disasters, could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Natural disasters present risks to our business and financial results which are difficult to predict and address. We face current and long-term operational risks and have in the past experienced business interruptions from severe weather events and other natural conditions, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, droughts, extreme temperatures, wildfires or flooding. Such severe weather events and other natural disasters have in the past and could in the future increase our operational costs, pose physical risks to our facilities, cause population dislocations and adversely impact our supply chain, manufacturing and distribution networks, and pose risks to the availability and cost of raw materials, components, energy, transportation or other inputs necessary for the operation of our business. Concerns over climate change and natural disasters have also resulted in, and may continue to result in, new laws or regulations that are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, and we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet the regulatory obligations as well as adverse impacts on raw material sourcing, manufacturing operations and the distribution of our products. Our commitments, goals and disclosures related to corporate responsibility matters, and the perception of our activities in these areas, may adversely impact us. Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny, and potentially negative actions, from investors, regulators, customers, employees and other stakeholders related to their corporate responsibility commitments, performance, and disclosures, including those related to climate change, social matters and governance standards. Responding to and acting on these considerations involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments and depends in part on our relative performance against third parties that is beyond our control. Additionally, multiple organizations have developed differing ratings processes and standards to evaluate companies on their respective approaches to corporate responsibility matters, which ratings are increasingly being employed by investors, lenders and customers to inform their investment, financing and purchasing decisions. If we do not meet the evolving, varied and sometimes conflicting expectations of our investors, customers, regulators, employees and other stakeholders, we could experience reduced demand for our products, loss of customers and employees and suffer other negative impacts. Financial, Credit and Liquidity Risks We incurred substantial additional indebtedness in connection with previous mergers and acquisitions, may incur additional substantial indebtedness in connection with future mergers and acquisitions, and may not be able to meet all of our current and future debt obligations. In addition, interest rate risk could adversely affect our current and future indebtedness. We incurred substantial indebtedness in connection with previous mergers and acquisitions, and may incur substantial additional indebtedness in connection with future mergers and acquisitions. At December 31, 2025, our total indebtedness was $7.5 billion. As of December 31, 2025, our debt service principal obligations (excluding interest, leases and equipment notes), during the next 12 months are expected to be $0.6 billion. As a result of the increase in our debt, demands on our cash resources have increased; such demand would further amplify if we fund future mergers and acquisitions using debt financing. Our current and future increased level of debt could, among other things: require us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow from operations to the servicing and repayment of our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures and other general corporate requirements; limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures and other general corporate requirements; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; restrict our ability to make strategic investments, collaborations, acquisitions or dispositions or to exploit business opportunities; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; adversely affect our credit rating, with the result that the cost of servicing our indebtedness might increase and our ability to obtain surety bonds could be impaired; adversely affect the market price of our common stock; and 20 limit our ability to apply proceeds from a future offering or asset sale to purposes other than the servicing and repayment of debt. In addition, the interest rates applicable to certain of our debt obligations are based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to the Secure Overnight Financing Rate ( SOFR ) or other externally-determined rates. SOFR and such other rates have increased from pandemic-era lows, which has increased our cost of borrowing. Any further increase in interest rates applicable to our debt obligations would increase our cost of borrowing and could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Changes in tax laws in countries in which we do business are expected to negatively impact our effective tax rate; further changes in tax laws may have a further negative impact. Changes in the tax laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where we do business, including an increase in tax rates or an adverse change in the treatment of an item of income or expense, could result in a material increase in our tax expense and/or tax payments, could increase tax uncertainty and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has a framework to implement a global minimum corporate tax of 15% for companies with global revenue and profits above certain thresholds (referred to as Pillar 2). Although the U.S. has not enacted legislation to implement Pillar 2, certain countries in which we operate have adopted legislation, and other countries are in the process of introducing legislation to implement Pillar 2. The OECD issued new administrative guidance on January 5, 2026, with respect to Pillar 2 which modifies key aspects of the framework for countries to enact in their own laws. It remains uncertain whether or how countries will implement Pillar 2 and the OECD administrative guidance, which may have a further adverse effect on our tax liabilities. We may have additional tax liabilities as a result of examinations and audits. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our financial statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made. If our independent agents and distributors are characterized as employees, we would be subject to additional tax and other liabilities. We structure certain of our relationships with independent agents and distributors in a manner that we believe results in an independent contractor relationship, not an employee relationship. Although we believe that these independent agents and distributors are properly characterized as independent contractors, tax, labor or other regulatory authorities may in the future challenge our characterization of these relationships. Further, we have been subject to lawsuits challenging the characterization of these relationships. Changes in classification from independent contractor to employee can result in a change to various requirements associated with the payment of wages, tax withholding, and the provision of unemployment, health, and other traditional employer-employee related benefits. If regulatory authorities or state, federal or foreign courts were to determine our independent agents or distributors are employees and not independent contractors, we would be required to withhold income taxes, to withhold and pay social security, Medicare and similar taxes and to pay unemployment and other related payroll taxes, as well as provide other employer-employee related benefits. We would also be liable for unpaid past taxes and subject to penalties. As a result, any determination that our independent agents and distributors are our employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Future material impairments in the carrying value of our intangible assets, including goodwill, would negatively affect our operating results. Goodwill and intangible assets represent a significant portion of our assets. At December 31, 2025, we had $9.9 billion in goodwill and $4.7 billion of intangible assets. The goodwill results from our acquisition activity and represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired. We assess at least annually whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable. There were no impairment charges during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, 21 but if the operating performance at one or more of our reporting units significantly declines, including if competing or alternative technologies or pharmacological treatments, emerge, if market conditions or future cash flow estimates for one or more of our businesses decline, or as a result of restructuring initiatives pursuant to which we reorganize our reporting units, we could be required to record additional impairment charges. Any write-off of a material portion of our goodwill or unamortized intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations. The spinoff of ZimVie Inc. and the divestiture of our retained interest in ZimVie Inc. could result in substantial tax liability. We obtained Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) rulings and an opinion as to the tax-free nature of the spinoff under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. We subsequently obtained supplemental IRS rulings as to the tax-free nature of our divestiture of retained shares of ZimVie common stock following the spinoff, which divestiture completed in February 2023. The IRS rulings and opinion are based, among other things, on various factual assumptions and representations we made. If any of these assumptions or representations are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, reliance on the opinion and rulings may be jeopardized. If the spinoff, or the subsequent divestiture of our retained interest in ZimVie, does not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the resulting tax liability to us, to our stockholders and to ZimVie stockholders could be substantial. Global Operational Risks We conduct a significant amount of our sales and manufacturing activities outside of the U.S., which subjects us to additional business risks and may cause our profitability to decline due to increased costs. We sell our products in more than 100 countries and derived approximately 42 percent of our net sales in 2025 from outside the U.S. We intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in sales internationally, including in emerging markets, which could expose us to additional risks associated with international sales and operations. Our international operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks and potential costs, including: changes in foreign medical reimbursement policies and programs; inconsistent and unpredictable demand for our products, especially in developing markets; differences in and changes to foreign regulatory requirements, such as more stringent requirements for regulatory clearance of products; differing local product preferences, local product requirements and buy local initiatives; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; the effects of inflation, including the effects of different rates of inflation in different countries, on our costs and expenses, and the costs of our products; diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries outside of the U.S.; foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S.; data privacy and cybersecurity requirements, labor relations laws, sustainability disclosure requirements and other laws that add to the complexity and costs of our operations or require changes to our products or business processes; extraterritorial effects of U.S. laws such as the FCPA; effects of foreign anti-corruption laws, such as the United Kingdom Bribery Act; difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations; labor force instability; increased tax liabilities under foreign tax laws or changes thereto; and political, social and economic instability and uncertainty, including wars, other conflict and sovereign debt issues. Violations of foreign laws or regulations could result in fines; criminal sanctions against us, our directors, officers, employees, agents or distributors; prohibitions or restrictions relating to the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation. Furthermore, political tensions between the U.S., Canada, Mexico, China, Russia, Venezuela and certain other countries have escalated in recent years. Rising political tensions could reduce trade, investment and other 22 economic activities between or among these economies. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The effects of emerging, expanding and new conflicts, such as a possible expansion of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, conflicts in the Middle East, or a possible conflict involving China and Taiwan, may not be limited to the specific markets involved. Sanctions and other civil, political and economic effects of such conflicts are likely to have adverse impacts upon us. Additionally, other trade disruptions include supply chain continuity disruption; inflationary pressures and increased costs of raw materials and inputs; manufacturing or shipping delays; increased shipping costs and transit delays (such as experienced due to attacks on shipping transiting the Red Sea); and increased disruptions and delays affecting our ability to operate in and to collect payment for our products and services in particular markets. Tariffs, trade restrictions and other trade measures have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our business and financial results. We operate in multiple countries and maintain a complex global supply chain and distribution network which exposes us to a variety of risks from U.S. and other countries international trade and tariff policies. Changes to tariffs, trade restrictions and protection measures applicable to trade with certain countries, trade in certain types of goods, or otherwise; new import or export requirements; changes to trade agreements; new or increased tariffs, trade embargoes, sanctions and other trade barriers, have in the past and may in the future prevent us from shipping products to or from a particular market, restrict our access to certain sources of raw materials and other inputs, increase our operating costs and disrupt our ability to collect payment for our products and services in particular markets. For example, U.S. tariff and export controls policies have recently experienced rapid and extensive change, which in turn drove responsive or retaliatory changes to other countries tariff and export controls policies, many of which had adverse consequences on our cost of goods sold and revenue. We cannot predict how these dynamic developments will impact us or the bilateral and multilateral trade agreements upon which we rely. Existing or future tariffs and trade restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Additionally, these and other tariffs and further retaliatory trade measures could result in an increase in supply chain costs that we may not be able to offset in full or in part or that may otherwise adversely impact our financial results. We are subject to risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations, which can increase our costs, cause our profitability to decline and expose us to counterparty risks. A substantial portion of our foreign revenues is generated in Europe and Japan. The U.S. Dollar value of our foreign-generated revenues varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations. Significant increases in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the Swiss Franc or other currencies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Although we address currency risk management through regular operating and financing activities, and, on a limited basis, through the use of derivative financial instruments, those actions may not prove to be fully effective or may create additional financial obligations for us. Further, if the counterparties to the derivative financial instrument transactions fail to honor their obligations due to financial distress or otherwise, we would be exposed to potential losses or the inability to recover anticipated gains from those transactions. Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks We are subject to complex and expensive laws and governmental regulations relating to the development, design, product standards, packaging, advertising, promotion, post-market surveillance, manufacturing, labeling and marketing of our products, non-compliance with which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our global regulatory environment is increasingly stringent, unpredictable and complex. The products and services we design, develop, manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous other national, regional, state and other governmental authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and clearances to market these products can be costly and time consuming and approvals might not be granted for future products on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals for future products or product enhancements, or loss of approval for current products, could result in delayed realization of product revenues or in substantial additional costs. Emerging opportunities, including those presented by the use of machine learning and artificial intelligence in our current and future products, devices and services are expected to present new, complex and potentially inconsistent legal and regulatory requirements across the various jurisdictions in which we operate. 23 Both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations, the EU MDR, UK MDR and other national, regional, state and other requirements. These requirements relate to quality systems, recordkeeping, labeling, promotional and marketing requirements, adverse event reporting, monitoring and other regulations, which are subject to continual review and are monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by regulators, which may result in observations (such as on FDA Form 483), and in some cases warning letters, that require corrective action or other forms of enforcement. Furthermore, regulators strictly regulate the promotional claims that we may make about approved or cleared products. If a regulator were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, that any of our products are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, that any of our products long-term statistical performance does not meet regulatory expectations, or that we have marketed or promoted a product for use other than as indicated in the product labelling approved by the regulator, the regulator may ban such products; detain or seize adulterated or misbranded products; order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of payment of such products; refuse to grant pending premarket approval applications; refuse to provide certificates for exports; require us to notify healthcare professionals and others that the products present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health; and subject us to fines, injunctions or other penalties. The regulator may also impose operating restrictions, including a ceasing of operations at one or more facilities, enjoining and restraining certain violations of applicable law pertaining to our products, seizing our products, and/or assessing civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees or us. Regulators could also issue a corporate warning letter or a recidivist warning letter or negotiate the entry of a consent decree of permanent injunction with us, and/or recommend prosecution. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, such as the International Standards Organization. If we fail to adequately address any of these regulations, our business could be harmed. If we fail to comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. The sales, marketing and pricing of products and relationships that medical products companies have with healthcare providers are under increased scrutiny around the world. Our industry is subject to various laws and regulations pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including the False Claims Act, the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark law, the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and similar laws and regulations in the U.S. and around the world. In addition, we are subject to various laws concerning anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters (including the FCPA and the United Kingdom Bribery Act), sales to countries or persons subject to economic sanctions and other matters affecting our international operations. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, fines, imprisonment and, within the U.S., exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and Veterans Administration health programs. These laws are administered by, among others, the DOJ, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the SEC, the OFAC, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce and state attorneys general. If we fail to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We process personal and personal health data in our business, and certain of our products and services incorporate software or information technology that processes patient health data for treatment, maintenance and other purposes. Further, we obtain and process personal data related to our employees, individual business partners (such as physicians and consultants), and website visitors located around the world. These data and information-focused activities carry additional risk. We are subject to laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, location, disposal, processing and protection of health-related, personal and other information. The FDA has issued guidance to which we are subject concerning data security for medical devices. In addition to U.S. federal laws and regulations, a number of U.S. states have also enacted data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, disposal, and protection of personal information, such as social security numbers, medical and financial information, biometric data and other personal information. These laws and regulations may be more restrictive than, and not be preempted by, U.S. federal laws. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving as countries continue to adopt 24 privacy and data security laws that may apply to us, both because our operations are located in those countries and/or because we provide products and services to customers in those countries. In addition, certain of our suppliers, partners, affiliates and associates are subject to privacy, security and breach notification regulations established under these and other international, national, state and local laws. We, and certain of our suppliers, partners, affiliates and associates, are also subject to reporting requirements relating to certain data breaches and cybersecurity events. The interpretation and enforcement of the laws and regulations described above are uncertain and subject to change, and we expect to incur substantial costs to monitor for and comply with changing and additional requirements. In addition, new and more stringent multinational, national and state privacy legislation and regulations are likely to be adopted. We cannot predict all the jurisdictions in which new legislation, regulation or enforcement might arise, the scope of such legislation, regulation and enforcement, or the potential impact to our business and operations of any such changes. Failure to comply with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations, and the disclosure of any data or related breach, could result in government enforcement actions (which could include substantial civil and/or criminal penalties and injunctive relief), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Pending and future product liability claims and litigation could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations and impair our reputation. Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. In the ordinary course of business, we are the subject of product liability lawsuits alleging that component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information resulted in an unsafe condition or injury to patients. We are currently defending a number of product liability lawsuits and claims related to various products. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, can be costly to defend. Product liability lawsuits and claims, safety alerts or product recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers. We are substantially dependent on patent and other proprietary rights, and failing to protect such rights or to be successful in litigation related to our rights or the rights of others may result in the payment of significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to sell current or future products, or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and other proprietary rights against others. Claims of intellectual property infringement and litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights are commonplace in our industry and are frequently time consuming and costly. At any given time, we may be involved as either plaintiff or defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent and other intellectual property litigation, such litigation has in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, our payment of significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to sell current or future products, or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and proprietary rights against others, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, finances and results of operations. Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, processes, methodologies and information. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws and nondisclosure, license, assignment and confidentiality arrangements to establish, maintain and protect our proprietary rights, as well as the intellectual property rights of third parties whose assets we license. However, the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights, and the rights of those from whom we license intellectual property, may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use, misappropriation or theft of our intellectual property. Further, our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in patents being issued to us, patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged or circumvented by competitors, and such patents may be found invalid, unenforceable or insufficiently broad to protect our technology or to provide us with any competitive advantage. Third parties could obtain patents that may require us to negotiate licenses to conduct our business, and the required licenses may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information. In addition, intellectual property laws differ in various jurisdictions in which we operate and are subject to change at any time, which could further restrict our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. In particular, a portion of our revenues is derived from jurisdictions where adequately protecting intellectual property rights may prove more challenging or impossible. We may also not be able to detect unauthorized uses or take timely and effective steps to remedy unauthorized conduct. To prevent or respond to unauthorized uses of our 25 intellectual property, we might be required to engage in costly and time-consuming litigation or other proceedings and we may not ultimately prevail. Any failure to establish, maintain or protect our intellectual property or proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are involved in legal proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes. In addition to intellectual property and product liability claims and lawsuits, we are involved in various other litigation, claims and other proceedings that arise from time to time. Although we believe there are substantial defenses in these matters, litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s view of these matters may change in the future. Given the uncertain nature of legal proceedings generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome. We could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our financial results in any particular period. Risks Related to Our Organizational Documents and Jurisdiction of Incorporation Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Restated By-Laws and the Delaware General Corporation Law may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, complicate, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction, including those that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders, or that may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. Our Restated By-Laws designate certain Delaware courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. Our Restated By-Laws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, a state court located within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located in the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including any beneficial owner) to bring certain actions against us or on behalf of the Company. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock is deemed to have received notice of and consented to this provision. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find this choice of forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 