=== TRGP_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report and our reports and registration statements filed from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Although we believe that the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and, therefore, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate. Some of these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements are more fully described in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Except as may be required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or advise of any change in any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 2 As generally used in the energy industry and in this Annual Report, the identified terms have the following meanings: Bbl Barrels (equal to 42 U.S. gallons) BBtu Billion British thermal units Bcf Billion cubic feet Btu British thermal units, a measure of heating value /d Per day FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America gal U.S. gallons LPG Liquefied petroleum gas MBbl Thousand barrels MMBbl Million barrels MMBtu Million British thermal units MMcf Million cubic feet MMgal Million U.S. gallons NGL(s) Natural gas liquid(s) NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange NYSE New York Stock Exchange SCOOP South Central Oklahoma Oil Province SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate STACK Sooner Trend, Anadarko, Canadian and Kingfisher VLGC Very large gas carrier 3 PART I Item 1. B usiness The following section of this Form 10-K generally refers to business developments during the year ended December 31, 2025. Discussion of prior period business developments that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Part I, Item 1. Business of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 . Overview Targa Resources Corp. (NYSE: TRGP) is a publicly traded Delaware corporation formed in October 2005. Targa is a leading provider of midstream services and is one of the largest independent infrastructure companies in North America. We own, operate, acquire, and develop a diversified portfolio of complementary domestic infrastructure assets. Our Operations We are engaged primarily in the business of: gathering, compressing, treating, processing, transporting, and purchasing and selling natural gas; transporting, storing, fractionating, treating, and purchasing and selling NGLs and NGL products, including services to LPG exporters; and gathering, storing, terminaling, and purchasing and selling crude oil. To provide these services, we operate in two primary segments: (i) Gathering and Processing, and (ii) Logistics and Transportation (also referred to as our Downstream Business). Our Gathering and Processing segment includes assets used in the gathering and/or purchase and sale of natural gas produced from oil and gas wells, removing impurities and processing this raw natural gas into merchantable natural gas by extracting NGLs; and assets used for the gathering and terminaling and/or purchase and sale of crude oil. The Gathering and Processing segment s assets are located in the Permian Basin of West Texas and Southeast New Mexico (including the Midland, Central and Delaware Basins); the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas; the Barnett Shale in North Texas; the Anadarko, Ardmore, and Arkoma Basins in Oklahoma (including the SCOOP and STACK) and South Central Kansas; the Williston Basin in North Dakota (including the Bakken and Three Forks plays); and the onshore and near offshore regions of the Louisiana Gulf Coast. Our Logistics and Transportation segment includes the activities and assets necessary to convert mixed NGLs into NGL products and also includes other assets and value-added services such as transporting, storing, fractionating, terminaling, and marketing of NGLs and NGL products, including services to LPG exporters and certain natural gas supply and marketing activities in support of our other businesses. The Logistics and Transportation segment also includes our NGL pipeline system, which connects our gathering and processing positions in the Permian Basin, Southern Oklahoma and North Texas with our Downstream facilities in Mont Belvieu, Texas. Our Downstream facilities are located predominantly in Mont Belvieu and Galena Park, Texas, and in Lake Charles, Louisiana. Other contains the unrealized mark-to-market gains/losses related to derivative contracts that were not designated as cash flow hedges. 4 The map below highlights our more significant assets as of December 31, 2025: 5 Recent Developments Permian Basin Processing Expansions In response to increasing production and to meet the infrastructure needs of our customers, our new 275 MMcf/d cryogenic natural gas processing plant additions include: Bull Moose plant in Permian Delaware (the Bull Moose plant ), commenced operations in the first quarter of 2025. Pembrook II plant in Permian Midland (the Pembrook II plant ), commenced operations in the third quarter of 2025. Bull Moose II plant in Permian Delaware (the Bull Moose II plant ), commenced operations in the fourth quarter of 2025. East Pembrook plant in Permian Midland (the East Pembrook plant ), expected to begin operations in the second quarter of 2026. Falcon II plant in Permian Delaware (the Falcon II plant ), expected to begin operations in the first quarter of 2026. East Driver plant in Permian Midland (the East Driver plant ), expected to begin operations in the third quarter of 2026. Copperhead plant in Permian Delaware (the Copperhead plant ), expected to begin operations in the first quarter of 2027. Yeti plant in Permian Delaware (the Yeti plant ), expected to begin operations in the third quarter of 2027. Yeti II plant in Permian Delaware (the Yeti II plant ), expected to begin operations in the fourth quarter of 2027. In February 2026, we announced we are ordering long-lead items for our next potential natural gas processing plants across the Permian Basin. Fractionation Expansions In January 2023, we reached an agreement with our partners in Gulf Coast Fractionators ( GCF ) to reactivate GCF s 135 MBbl/d fractionation facility. GCF commenced operations in the first quarter of 2025. Our new 150 MBbl/d fractionation train additions include: Train 11 in Mont Belvieu, Texas ( Train 11 ), expected to begin operations in the second quarter of 2026. Train 12 in Mont Belvieu, Texas ( Train 12 ), expected to begin operations in the first quarter of 2027. Train 13 in Mont Belvieu, Texas ( Train 13 ), expected to begin operations in the first quarter of 2028. NGL Pipeline Expansions In February 2025, we announced an intra-Delaware Basin expansion of our NGL pipeline system, ( Delaware Express ) in Permian Delaware. The expansion is expected to begin operations in the second quarter of 2026. In September 2025, we announced plans to construct the Speedway NGL Pipeline ( Speedway ) which will transport NGLs from our existing assets and future plant additions in the Permian Basin to our fractionation and storage complex in Mont Belvieu, Texas. The project consists of approximately 500 miles of 30-inch diameter pipeline and associated infrastructure with an initial capacity of approximately 500 MBbl/d, expandable to 1,000 MBbl/d. Speedway is expected to begin operations in the third quarter of 2027. LPG Export Expansion In February 2025, we announced an expansion of our LPG export capabilities at our Galena Park Marine Terminal, ( the GPMT LPG Export Expansion ) to include the addition of a new pipeline from Mont Belvieu to Galena Park and additional refrigeration. Our effective export capacity will increase up to 19 MMBbl per month, depending upon the mix of propane and butane demand, vessel size and availability of supply, among other factors. The GPMT LPG Export Expansion is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2027. 6 Natural Gas Pipelines In August 2025, we announced a 43-mile extension of our Bull Run intrastate natural gas pipeline (the Bull Run Extension ) to expand and enhance connectivity of our Permian Delaware system to the Waha hub in West Texas. The Bull Run Extension is expected to begin operations in the first quarter of 2027. In September 2025, we announced a new 35-mile intrastate natural gas pipeline that will enhance connectivity across several of our plants in the Permian Midland and a 55-mile conversion of an existing Targa pipeline into natural gas service (together, Buffalo Run ) that will connect our Permian Midland and Permian Delaware intra-basin natural gas systems. Buffalo Run is expected to be completed in stages and fully complete in early 2028. In November 2025, we announced the Forza Pipeline ( Forza ), a new 36-mile interstate natural gas pipeline in Permian Delaware that will connect our new and existing gas plants and enhance connectivity to the Waha hub. Forza filed a certificate application on December 3, 2025, with the FERC and, pending receipt of necessary regulatory approvals, is expected to begin operations in the middle of 2028. Acquisitions and Joint Ventures In July 2024, we entered into a joint venture ( Blackcomb Joint Venture ) which will construct the Blackcomb pipeline. The Blackcomb Joint Venture is owned 70.0% by WPC, 17.5% by Targa, and 12.5% by MPLX LP. WPC is a joint venture owned 50.6% by WhiteWater Midstream LLC ( WhiteWater ), 30.4% by MPLX LP, and 19.0% by Enbridge Inc. The Blackcomb pipeline is designed to transport up to 2.5 Bcf/d of natural gas through approximately 365 miles of 42-inch pipeline from the Permian Basin in West Texas to the Agua Dulce area in South Texas and is expected to be in service in the fourth quarter of 2026, pending the receipt of customary regulatory and other approvals. In April 2025, WhiteWater announced the Blackcomb Joint Venture reached a final investment decision to construct the Traverse pipeline. The bi-directional Traverse pipeline is designed to transport up to 2.5 Bcf/d of natural gas through approximately 160 miles of pipeline between the Agua Dulce area and the Katy area and is expected to be in service in 2027, pending the receipt of customary regulatory and other approvals. Both the Blackcomb and Traverse pipelines will be operated by an affiliate of WhiteWater. In March 2025, we completed the acquisition of Blackstone s 45% interest in Targa Badlands LLC ( Targa Badlands ) for aggregate consideration of $1.8 billion in cash (the Badlands Transaction ). As a result of the acquisition, we own 100% of the interests in and earnings of Targa Badlands effective January 1, 2025. On January 6, 2026, we completed the acquisition of Stakeholder Midstream, LLC for $1.25 billion in cash (the Stakeholder Acquisition ). We acquired a portfolio of complementary Permian Basin midstream infrastructure assets, including approximately 480 miles of natural gas pipelines, approximately 180 MMcf/d of cryogenic natural gas processing and sour treating capacity, carbon capture activities generating 45Q tax credits, and a small crude oil gathering system. The acquisition has an effective date of January 1, 2026. For additional information, see Note 4 Acquisitions and Joint Ventures to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Capital Allocation In April 2025, we declared an increase to our quarterly common dividend to $1.00 per common share, or $4.00 per common share annualized, effective for the first quarter of 2025. In May 2023, our Board of Directors approved a $1.0 billion common share repurchase program (the 2023 Share Repurchase Program ). During the first quarter of 2025, we exhausted the 2023 Share Repurchase Program. In July 2024, our Board of Directors approved a $1.0 billion common share repurchase program (the 2024 Share Repurchase Program ). In addition, in August 2025, our Board of Directors approved a new $1.0 billion common share repurchase program (the 2025 Share Repurchase Program and, together with the 2024 Share Repurchase Program, the Share Repurchase Programs ). We are not obligated to repurchase any specific dollar amount or number of shares under the Share Repurchase Programs and may discontinue these programs at any time. In the fourth quarter of 2025 and for the year ended December 31, 2025, we repurchased 226,987 and 3,765,272 shares of our common stock at a weighted average per share price of $163.01 and $170.45 for a total net cost of $37.0 million and $641.8 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, there was $1,373.6 million remaining under the Share Repurchase Programs. 7 Financing Activities In February 2025, we entered into a new $3.5 billion TRGP senior revolving credit facility (the TRGP Revolver ), which provides for a revolving credit facility in an initial aggregate principal amount up to $3.5 billion and matures on February 18, 2030. The maturity date is extendable, subject to the lenders consent, by one year up to two times. In connection with our entry into the TRGP Revolver, we terminated our previous revolving credit facility (the Previous TRGP Revolver ). In February 2025, we completed an underwritten public offering of (i) $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of our 5.550% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2035 (the 5.550% Notes due 2035 ) and (ii) $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of our 6.125% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2055 (the 6.125% Notes due 2055 ), resulting in net proceeds of approximately $2.0 billion. The 5.550% Notes due 2035 and 6.125% Notes due 2055 are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by our subsidiaries that guarantee the TRGP Revolver, so long as such subsidiary guarantors satisfy certain conditions. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the debt issuance to fund the Badlands Transaction and the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including to repay borrowings under our unsecured commercial paper note program (the Commercial Paper Program ). In June 2025, we completed an underwritten public offering of (i) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.900% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2030 (the 4.900% Notes due 2030 ) and (ii) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.650% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2036 (the 5.650% Notes due 2036 ), resulting in net proceeds of approximately $1.5 billion. The 4.900% Notes due 2030 and 5.650% Notes due 2036 are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by our subsidiaries that guarantee the TRGP Revolver, so long as such subsidiary guarantors satisfy certain conditions. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the debt issuance to fund the redemption of all of the Partnership s 6.500% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2027 (the 6.500% Notes due 2027 ) on July 15, 2025, and the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including to repay borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program. In July 2025, the Partnership amended the $600.0 million accounts receivable securitization facility (the Securitization Facility ) to, among other things, extend the facility termination date to August 31, 2026. In November 2025, we completed an underwritten public offering of (i) $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.350% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (the 4.350% Notes due 2029 ) and (ii) $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of our 5.400% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2036 (the 5.400% Notes due 2036 ), resulting in net proceeds of approximately $1.7 billion. The 4.350% Notes due 2029 and 5.400% Notes due 2036 are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by our subsidiaries that guarantee the TRGP Revolver, so long as such subsidiary guarantors satisfy certain conditions. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the debt issuance to fund the redemption of all of the Partnership s 6.875% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (the 6.875% Notes due 2029 ) on January 15, 2026, and the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including to repay borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program. On January 6, 2026, we used $650.0 million in borrowings from the Commercial Paper Program and $600.0 million from the Securitization Facility to fund the Stakeholder Acquisition. For additional information about our recent debt-related transactions, see Note 8 Debt Obligations to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 8 Organization Structure The diagram below shows our corporate structure as of February 19, 2026: (1) Common shares outstanding as of February 13, 2026. Growth Drivers, Competitive Strengths and Strategies While we believe that we are well positioned to execute our business strategies based on our growth drivers, competitive strengths and strategies outlined below, our business involves numerous risks and uncertainties which may prevent us from executing our strategies. These risks include the adverse impact of changes in natural gas, NGL and condensate/crude oil prices, the supply of, or demand for, these commodities, and our inability to access sufficient additional supplies to replace natural declines in production. For a more complete description of the risks associated with an investment in us, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. Comprehensive package of midstream services We provide a comprehensive package of services to natural gas and crude oil producers. These services are essential to gather, treat, process, purchase and sell and transport wellhead gas to meet pipeline standards; extract, transport and fractionate NGLs for sale into petrochemical, industrial, commercial and export markets; and gather and/or purchase and sell crude oil. We believe that our ability to offer these integrated services provides us with an advantage in competing for new supplies because we can provide substantially all of the services that producers, marketers and others require for moving natural gas, NGLs and crude oil from wellhead to market on a cost-effective basis. Additionally, we believe that the significant investment we have made to construct and acquire assets in key strategic positions and the expertise we have in operating such assets make us well-positioned to remain a leading provider of integrated services in the midstream sector. Our transportation assets further enhance our integrated midstream service offerings across the NGL and natural gas value chain by linking supply to key markets. Our NGL pipeline system connects many of our gathering and processing positions, including the Permian Basin, with our Downstream facilities in Mont Belvieu, Texas, the major U.S. NGL market hub. Additionally, our integrated Mont Belvieu and Galena Park Marine Terminal assets allow us to provide the raw product, fractionation, storage, interconnected terminaling, refrigeration and ship loading capabilities to support exports by third-party customers. 9 Strategically located and leading infrastructure positions We believe our assets are not easily replicated, are located in many attractive and active areas of exploration and production activity and are near key markets and logistics centers. Our gathering and processing infrastructure is located in attractive oil and gas producing basins and is well positioned within each of those basins. Activity in the shale resource plays underlying our gathering assets is driven by the economics of oil, NGL, gas and condensate production from the particular reservoirs in each play impacting the volumes of natural gas and crude oil available to us for gathering, processing and/or purchase and sale on our systems. Producers continue to focus drilling activity on their most attractive acreage, especially in the Permian Basin where we have a large, well-positioned and interconnected footprint, benefiting from rig activity in and around our systems. As drilling in these areas continues, the supply of NGLs requiring transportation to market hubs and fractionation is expected to continue to grow. Continued demand for transportation, fractionation and export capacity is expected to lead to increased demand for other related fee-based services provided by our logistics and transportation assets as well as provide other growth opportunities. The connectivity of our gathering and processing and Downstream operations provided by our NGL pipeline system further allows us to capture these growth opportunities. Additionally, we are one of the largest fractionators of NGLs along the Gulf Coast. Our fractionation assets are primarily located in key NGL market centers and are near and connected to key consumers of NGL products, including the petrochemical and industrial markets. Our logistics assets, including fractionation facilities, storage wells, our low ethane propane de-ethanizers, and our Galena Park Marine Terminal and related pipeline systems and interconnects, include connections to a number of mixed NGL ( mixed NGLs or Y-grade ) supply pipelines, storage, interconnection and takeaway pipelines and other transportation infrastructure. The location and interconnectivity of these assets are not easily replicated, and we have additional capability to expand their capacity. High quality and efficient assets Our gathering and processing systems and logistics and transportation assets consist of high-quality, well-maintained facilities, resulting in low-cost, efficient operations. Advanced technologies have been implemented for processing plants (primarily cryogenic units utilizing centralized control systems), measurement systems (essentially all electronic and electronically linked to a central database) and operations and maintenance management systems to manage work orders and implement preventative maintenance schedules (computerized maintenance management systems). These applications have allowed proactive management of our operations resulting in lower costs and minimal downtime. We have established a reputation in the midstream industry as a reliable and cost-effective supplier of services to our customers and have a track record of safe, efficient and reliable operation of our facilities. We will continue to pursue new contracts, cost efficiencies and operating improvements of our assets. In the past, such improvements have included new production and acreage commitments, reducing fuel gas and flare volumes and improving facility capacity and NGL recoveries. We will also continue to optimize existing plant assets to improve and maximize capacity and throughput. In addition to routine annual maintenance expenses, our maintenance capital expenditures have averaged approximately $234 million per year over the last three years. We believe that our assets are well-maintained, and we are focused on continuing to operate both our existing and new assets in a prudent, safe and cost-effective manner. Financial flexibility We have historically maintained sufficient liquidity and have funded our growth investments with a mix of cash flow from operations, equity, debt, asset sales and joint ventures over time in order to manage our leverage ratio. Disciplined management of liquidity, leverage and commodity price volatility allow us to be flexible in our long-term growth strategy, as well as allocating our free cash flow after dividends and share repurchases in a manner that maintains a strong credit profile. Experienced and long-term focused management team Our current executive management team possesses breadth and depth of experience working in the midstream energy business, including certain members of our executive management team managing our businesses prior to acquisition by Targa. Other officers and key employees have significant experience in the industry, including extensive experience in operating our current assets and developing, permitting and constructing new assets. 10 Attractive cash flow characteristics, with large diverse business mix with favorable contracts and increasing fee-based business We believe that our strategy, combined with our high-quality asset portfolio, allows us to generate attractive cash flows. Geographic, business and customer diversity enhances our cash flow profile. We provide our services under predominantly fee-based contract terms to a diverse mix of customers across our areas of operation. Our Gathering and Processing segment contract mix has increasing components of fee-based margin driven by: (i) fees added to percent-of-proceeds contracts for natural gas treating and compression, (ii) new/amended contracts with a combination of percent-of-proceeds and fee-based components, including fee floors, and (iii) fee-based gas gathering and processing and crude oil gathering contracts. Contracts for the Coastal portion of our Gathering and Processing segment are primarily hybrid contracts (percent-of-liquids with a fee floor) or percent-of-liquids contracts (whereby we receive an agreed upon percentage of the actual proceeds of the NGLs). Contracts for our assets in the Downstream Business are predominantly fee-based (based on volumes and contracted rates). Our contract mix, along with our commodity hedging program, serves to mitigate the impact of commodity price movements on cash flow. We have hedged the commodity price risk associated with a portion of our expected natural gas, NGL and condensate equity volumes, future commodity purchases and sales, and transportation basis risk by entering into financially settled derivative transactions. We have intentionally tailored our hedges to approximate specific NGL products and to approximate our actual NGL and residue natural gas delivery points. Although the degree of hedging will vary, we intend to continue to manage some of our exposure to commodity prices by entering into hedge transactions. We also monitor and manage our inventory levels with a view to mitigate losses related to downward price exposure. Our Business Operations Our operations are reported in two segments: (i) Gathering and Processing, and (ii) Logistics and Transportation (also referred to as the Downstream Business). Gathering and Processing Segment Our Gathering and Processing segment consists of gathering, compressing, treating, processing, transporting, and purchasing and selling natural gas and gathering, storing, terminaling and purchasing and selling crude oil. The gathering or purchasing of natural gas consists of aggregating natural gas produced from various wells through varying diameter gathering lines to processing plants. Natural gas has a widely varying composition depending on the field, the formation and the reservoir from which it is produced. The processing of natural gas consists of the extraction of embedded NGLs and the removal of water vapor and other contaminants to form (i) a stream of marketable natural gas, commonly referred to as residue gas, and (ii) a stream of mixed NGLs. Once processed, the residue gas is transported to markets through residue gas pipelines. End-users of residue gas include large commercial and industrial customers, as well as natural gas and electric utilities serving individual consumers. We sell our residue gas either directly to such end-users or to marketers into intrastate or interstate pipelines, which are typically located in close proximity or with ready access to our facilities. The gathering or purchasing of crude oil consists of aggregating crude oil production through our pipeline gathering systems, which deliver crude oil to a combination of other pipelines, rail and truck. We continually seek new supplies of natural gas and crude oil, both to offset the natural decline in production from connected wells and to increase throughput volumes. We obtain additional natural gas and crude oil supply in our operating areas by contracting for production from new wells or by capturing existing production currently gathered by others. Competition for new natural gas and crude oil supplies is based primarily on location of assets, commercial terms including pre-existing contracts, service levels and access to markets. The commercial terms of natural gas gathering and processing arrangements and crude oil gathering are driven, in part, by capital costs, which are impacted by the proximity of systems to the supply source and by operating costs, which are impacted by operational efficiencies, facility design and economies of scale. The Gathering and Processing segment s assets are located in the Permian Basin of West Texas and Southeast New Mexico (including the Midland, Central and Delaware Basins); the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas; the Barnett Shale in North Texas; the Anadarko, Ardmore, and Arkoma Basins in Oklahoma (including the SCOOP and STACK) and South Central Kansas; the Williston Basin in North Dakota (including the Bakken and Three Forks plays); and the onshore and near offshore regions of the Louisiana Gulf Coast. The natural gas processed in this segment is supplied through our gathering systems which, in aggregate, consist of approximately 31,600 miles of natural gas pipelines and include 54 owned and operated processing plants. 11 The Gathering and Processing segment s operations consist of (i) Permian Midland and Permian Delaware (also referred to as Permian ), (ii) Central, (iii) Coastal and (iv) Badlands, each as described below: Permian Midland The Permian Midland system consists of approximately 7,800 miles of natural gas gathering pipelines and 20 processing plants with an aggregate processing capacity of 4,119 MMcf/d, all located within the Permian Basin in West Texas. Seventeen of these plants and approximately 5,500 miles of gathering pipelines belong to a joint venture ( WestTX ). We have an approximate 72.8% ownership in West