=== ED_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A is incorporated by reference herein. The use of such terms as “see” or “refer to” shall be deemed to incorporate at the place such term is used the information to which such reference is made. The Companies’ businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, that may be beyond their control and that involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual operating results, cash flows and financial condition. The Companies have established an enterprise risk management program to identify, assess, manage and monitor its major business risks based on established criteria for the severity of an event, the likelihood of its occurrence, and the programs in place to control the event or reduce its impact. The Companies’ major risks include: Regulatory/Compliance Risks: The Companies Are Extensively Regulated And May Be Subject To Substantial Penalties. The Companies’ operations require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various federal, state and local governmental agencies. State utility regulators may seek to impose substantial penalties on the Utilities for violations of state utility laws, regulations or orders or limit the Utilities from recovering costs incurred above amounts set forth in their rate plans. See “Other Regulatory Matters” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8. The Utilities are also subject to recurring, independent, third-party audits with respect to these regulations and standards. In February 2025, the NYSPSC issued an order directing the NYSDPS to conduct a state-wide audit on the design of utilities' non-executive incentive compensation programs. In addition, the Utilities' rate plans usually include negative revenue adjustments for failing to meet certain operating and customer satisfaction standards. The FERC has the authority to impose penalties on the Utilities and the projects that Con Edison Transmission invests in, which could be substantial, for violations of the Federal Power Act, the Natural Gas Act or related rules, including reliability and cybersecurity rules. Environmental agencies may seek penalties for failure to comply with laws, regulations or permits. The Companies may also be subject to penalties from other regulatory agencies. The Companies may be subject to new laws, regulations or other requirements or the revision or reinterpretation of such laws, regulations or requirements, which could adversely affect them. See “Utility Regulation," "Competition" and “Environmental Matters – Climate Change" and "Environmental Matters - Other Federal, State and Local Environmental Provisions” in Item 1, “Critical Accounting Estimates” in Item 7 and “Other Regulatory Matters” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8. The Utilities’ Rate Plans May Not Provide A Reasonable Return. The Utilities have rate plans approved by state utility regulators that limit the rates they can charge their customers. The rates are generally designed for, but do not guarantee, the recovery of the Utilities’ cost of providing service (including a return on equity). See “Utility Regulation – State Utility Regulation – Rate Plans” in Item 1 and “Rate Plans” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8. Rates usually may not be changed during the specified terms of the rate plans other than to recover energy costs and limited other exceptions. The Utilities’ actual costs may exceed levels provided for such costs in the rate plans. State utility regulators can initiate proceedings to prohibit the Utilities from recovering from their customers the cost of service (including energy costs and storm restoration costs) that the regulators determine to have been imprudently incurred. The Utilities have from time to time entered into settlement agreements to resolve various prudence proceedings. CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2025 43 The Companies May Be Adversely Affected By Changes To The Utilities’ Rate Plans. The Utilities’ rate plans typically require action by regulators at their expiration dates, which may include approval of new plans with different provisions. The need to recov er from customers increasing commodity or other costs, taxes or state-mandated assessments or surcharges could adversely affect the Utilities’ opportunity to obtain new rate plans that provide a reasonable rate of return and continue important provisions of current rate plans, while maintaining affordability of services for the Utilities' customers. The Utilities’ current rate plans generally include reconciliation of write-offs of customer accounts receivable bal ances for specified periods to amounts reflected in rates, with recovery/refund from or to customers via surcharge/sur-credit. Although these regulatory mechanisms are currently in place, the Utilities’ ability to effectively manage their customer accounts receivable balances, and obtain recovery in rates for their respective carrying costs and any related write-offs could have a material impact on the Companies’ businesses. In addition, a continued slow recovery of accounts receivable balances has impacted and is expected to continue to impact the Companies’ liquidity. See “Aged Accounts Receivable Balances” in Item 7. The Utilities’ New York electric and gas rate plans also include revenue decoupling mechanisms, CECONY’s steam rate plan includes a weather normalization adjustment and the Utilities' New York electric, gas and steam rate plans include provisions for the recovery of energy costs and reconciliation of the actual amount of pension and other postretirement, environmental and certain other costs to amounts reflected in rates. Also, accounting credits for pension and other postretirement benefit plans could lead to a reduction in cash received from the Utilities’ revenue requirement. See “Rate Plans” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8. Operations Risks: The Failure Of, Or Damage To, The Companies’ Facilities Could Adversely Affect The Companies. The Utilities provide electricity, gas and steam services using energy facilities, many of which are located either in, or close to, densely populated public places. See the description of the Utilities’ facilities in Item 1. A failure of, or damage to, these facilities, or an error in the operation or maintenance of these facilities, could result in bodily injury or death, property damage, the release of hazardous substances or extended service interruptions. Natural disasters or impacts of climate change, such as sea level rise, coastal storm surge, inland flooding from intense rainfall, hurricane-strength winds and extreme heat or cold could impact or damage facilities or result in large-scale outages and the Utilities may experience more severe consequences by continuing or resuming operations during and after such events. The Utilities’ response to such events may be perceived to be below customer expectations. The Utilities' successful implementation of their maintenance programs reduces, but does not fully protect against, damage to their facilities for which they will be held responsible and which may hinder their restoration efforts. The Utilities could be required to pay substantial amounts that may not be covered by the Utilities’ insurance policies to repair or replace their facilities, compensate others for injury or death or other damage and settle any proceedings initiated by state utility regulators or other regulatory agencies. The occurrence of such events could also adversely affect the cost and availability of insurance. Changes to laws, regulations or judicial doctrines could further expand the Utilities’ liability for service interruptions. See “Utility Regulation – State Utility Regulation” and "Environmental Matters – Climate Change" in Item 1. A Cyber Attack Could Adversely Affect The Companies. The Companies and other operators of critical energy infrastructure and energy market participants face a heightened risk of cyber attack and the Companies’ businesses require the continued operation of information systems and network infrastructure. See Item 1 for a description of the businesses of the Utilities and Con Edison Transmission. Cyber attacks may include hacking, viruses, malware, denial of service attacks, ransomware, exploited vulnerabilities or other security incidents, including loss of data and communications and business disruption. Cyber threats in general, and in particular, to critical infrastructure, are increasing in sophistication, magnitude and frequency and the techniques used in cyber attacks change rapidly, including from emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI), and from nation-state and state-sponsored adversaries as well as criminal actors. Such adversaries have attacked and threatened to attack energy infrastructure and deploy significant resources and employ sophisticated methods to plan and carry out attacks. Risk of these attacks may escalate during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions. Interconnectivity with customers, independent system operators, energy traders and other energy market participants, suppliers, contractors and others also exposes the Companies’ information and operational systems and network infrastructure to an increased risk of cyber incidents, including attacks. Such interconnectivity increases the risk that a cyber incident or attack on the Companies could affect others and that a cyber incident or attack on others could affect the Companies. In the event of a significant cyber incident or attack, the Companies could have their operations and the operations of their customers and others materially disrupted. The Companies could also have their financial and other information systems and network infrastructure impaired or damaged; customer and employee information stolen; experience substantial loss of revenues; incur substantial response costs and other financial losses; be subject to increased regulation, litigation and penalties; and damage to their reputation. The Companies have experienced cyber incidents and attacks in the past (such as threat actors exploiting a vulnerability in the Companies’ information technology system, malicious attempts to disrupt traffic to their websites and attacks against third-party vendors used by the Companies) and expect to experience them in the future. Although none of these incidents has had a material impact on the Companies, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. In the event of a significant cybersecurity incident or attack, the Companies’ business strategy, results of o perations or financial condition could be materially affected. 44 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2025 AI is an emerging area of technology that has the potential to impact various aspects of the Companies’ business operations and customer interactions. Generative AI technologies are still in their early stages of development and deployment. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by the Companies or third-party vendors could result in unintended consequences. While the Companies seek contractual protections with third-party vendors regarding the use of AI technology, the Companies may not have full awareness of, or control or visibility over, the quality, performance, security or compliance of the products and services that incorporate AI-related technology used by such vendors. AI algorithms that the Companies or their third-party vendors use may be flawed or may be based on datasets that are biased or insufficient. These limitations or failures, or inaccurate results generated as a result of the Companies’ employees’, contractors’ or vendors’ use or misuse of AI technologies could lead to operational interruptions or otherwise adversely affect the Companies’ businesses, reputation or financial results. Developing, testing, and deploying resource-intensive AI systems may require additional investment and increase the Companies’ costs. In addition, the rapidly evolving nature of AI technologies may cause new laws and regulations to be enacted which could dramatically affect business practices, including the costs to comply with such new laws and regulations. The future development of AI technologies and the nature of any related new laws and regulations, and their costs and consequences, cannot be reasonably predicted at this time. The Failure of Processes and Systems, the Failure to Retain and Attract Employees and Contractors, and Their Negative Performance Could Adversely Affect The Companies. The Companies have developed business processes and use information and communication systems and enterprise platforms for operations, customer service, legal compliance, personnel, accounting, planning and other matters. Many services, including certain information technology services and certain work on the Utilities’ electric and gas systems and CECONY’s steam system, are provided to the Companies by third-party contractors. The failure of the Companies’ or its contractors' business processes or information and communication systems or the failure by the Companies’ employees or contractors to follow procedures, their unsafe actions, errors or intentional misconduct, cyber incidents or attacks, or work stoppages could adversely affect the Companies’ operations and liquidity and could result in substantial liability, higher costs, increased regulatory requirements and substantial penalties. The violation of laws or regulations by employees or contractors for personal gain may result from contract and procurement fraud, extortion, bribe acceptance, fraudulent related-party transactions and serious breaches of corporate policy or standards of business conduct. Competition for employee and contractor talent may result in operating challenges and increased costs to attract and retain talent. If the Companies are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be negatively affected. See “Human Capital” in Item 1. Environmental Risks: The Companies Are Exposed To Risks From The Environmental Consequences Of Their Operations, Including Increased Costs Related To Climate Change. The Companies are exposed to risks relating to climate change and related matters. In 2023, CECONY and O&R each completed a climate change vulnerability study that evaluated their respective future climate change adaptation strategies and each developed a climate change resilience plan to address projected physical climate risks and outline proposed resilience investments. See “Environmental Matters – Climate Change” in Item 1. CECONY may also be impacted by environmental regulations regarding emissions reductions such as New York’s CLCPA and New York City’s Climate Mobilization Act and compliance with such regulations is expected to require significant capital expenditures. In addition, the Companies are unable to predict changes in regulations, regulatory guidance, legal interpretations, policy positions and implementation actions (including executive orders, memoranda and proclamations from the federal administration) relating to climate change that may result from the change in presidential administrations. The Utilities are also responsible for hazardous substances, such as oil, asbestos, PCBs and coal tar, that have been used or produced in the course of the Utilities’ operations and are present on properties or in facilities and equipment currently or previously owned by them. The Companies could be adversely affected if a causal relationship between electric and magnetic fields and ad verse health effects were to be established. The Companies may also be adversely affected by developments to legal or public policy doctrines regarding cable that contains lead. See “Environmental Matters” in Item 1 and Note G to the financial statements in Item 8. Financial and Market Risks: Con Edison’s Ability To Pay Dividends Or Interest Depends On Dividends From Its Subsidiaries. Con Edison’s ability to pay dividends on its common shares or interest on its external borrowings depends primarily on the dividends and other distributions it receives from its subsidiaries. The dividends that the Utilities may pay to Con Edison are limited by the NYSPSC to not more than 100 percent of their respective income available for dividends calculated on a two-year rolling average basis, with certain exceptions. See “Dividends” in Note C and Note U to the financial statements in Item 8. Changes To Tax Laws Could Adversely Affect the Companies. Changes to tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof could have a material adverse impact on the Companies. Depending on the extent of these CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2025 45 changes, the changes could also adversely impact the Companies’ credit ratings and liquidity. See “Capital Requirements and Resources – Capital Resources” in Item 1, “Liquidity and Capital Resources – Cash Flows from Operating Activities” in Item 7, "Rate Plans" and "Other Regulatory Matters" in Note B and Note L to the financial statements in Item 8. The Companies Require Access To Capital Markets To Satisfy Funding Requirements. The Utilities estimate that their capital expenditures will exceed $37,100 million over the next five years. The Utilities use internally-generated funds, equity contributions from Con Edison, if any, and external borrowings to fund capital expenditures. Con Edison expects to finance its capital requirements primarily through internally generated funds, the sale of its common shares or external borrowings. Changes in financial market conditions or in the Companies’ credit ratings could adversely affect their ability to raise new capital and the cost thereof. See “Capital Requirements and Resources” in Item 1. A Disruption In The Wholesale Energy Markets, Increased Commodity Costs Or Failure By An Energy Supplier or Customer Could Adversely Affect The Companies. Almost all the electricity and gas the Utilities sell to their full-service customers is purchased through the wholesale energy markets or pursuant to contracts with energy suppliers. See the description of the Utilities’ energy supply in Item 1. A disruption in the wholesale energy markets or a failure on the part of the Utilities’ energy suppliers or operators of energy delivery systems that connect to the Utilities’ energy facilities could adversely affect their ability to meet their customers’ energy needs and adversely affect the Companies. The Utilities' ability to gain access to additional energy supplies, if needed, depends on effective markets and siting approvals for developer projects, which the Utilities do not control. Extreme cold weather has negatively impacted, and may in the future negatively impact, energy infrastructure in the northeastern United States, including the interstate natural gas system. During such extreme cold weather, the Utilities could face supply interruptions or operating issues (e.g., compressor failures, low pressures) on the interstate natural gas pipelines that they rely upon to deliver gas to their customers. Such disruptions to the interstate natural gas system could, in turn, result in unprecedented large-scale gas outages within the Utilities’ service territories. In the event of a large-scale outage, the Utilities could be required to pay substantial amounts to restore service, compensate others for injury or death or other damages and settle any proceedings initiated by regulatory agencies. Although the Utilities’ rate plans provide for recovery of purchased power costs, increases in electric and gas commodity prices may contribute to a slower recovery of cash from outstanding customer accounts receivable balances. See "Aged Accounts Receivable Balances" and “Financial and Commodity Market Risks – Commodity Price Risk” in Item 7. Other Risks: The Companies Face Risks Related To Health Epidemics And Other Outbreaks. Pandemic illness could disrupt the Utilities' employees and contractors from providing essential utility services and adversely impact the Companies' liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. See “Aged Accounts Receivable Balances” in Item 7. The Companies’ Strategies May Not Be Effective To Address Changes In The External Business Environment. The failure to identify, plan and execute strategies to address changes in the external business environment could have a material adverse impact on the Companies. Con Edison seeks to provide shareholder value through continued dividend growth, supported by earnings growth in regulated utilities and electric transmission projects. Changes to the competitive landscape, public policy, laws or regulations (or interpretations thereof), customer behavior or technology could significantly impact the value of the Utilities’ energy delivery facilities and Con Edison Transmission's investment in electric transmission projects. Such changes could also affect the Companies’ opportunities to make additional investments in such assets and the potential return on the investments. The Utilities' gas delivery customers and CECONY's steam delivery customers have alternatives, such as electricity and oil. Distributed energy resources, and demand reduction and energy efficiency investments, provide ways for the energy consumers within the Utilities’ service areas to manage their energy usage. The Companies expect distributed energy resources and electric alternatives to gas and steam to increase, and for gas and steam usage to decrease, as the CLCPA and the Climate Mobilization Act continue to be implemented. See "Con Edison Transmission," "Environmental Matters - Clean Energy Future" and "Environmental Matters - Climate Change," “Competition” and "CECONY - Gas Peak Demand" in Item 1. The Companies Face Risks Related To Supply Chain Disruptions, Inflation and the Imposition of Tariffs (or Subsequent Changes to the Tariffs once Announced or Implemented). The Companies have been impacted, and expect to continue to be impacted by, global and U.S. supply chain disruptions and shortages of materials, equipment, labor and other resources that are critical to the Companies’ business operations, primarily the Utilities’ electric transmission and distribution operations. Such disruptions and shortages have resulted in increased prices and lead times for critical orders of materials and equipment needed by the Companies in their operations, such as certain raw materials, microprocessors, semiconductors, microchips, vehicles and transformers. Long lead times for replacement parts could restrict the availability and delay the construction, maintenance or repair of items that are 46 CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT 2025 needed to support the Utilities' normal operations and may result in prolonged customer outages, which could in turn lead to unrecovered costs for such service interruptions. Demand for electric equipment is increasing due to the anticipated demand growth, in part driven by data centers, efforts to meet clean energy goals and in order to prepare for more frequent extreme weather events at a time when manufacturing capacity and supply are decreasing. Geopolitical conflicts have also caused supply chain disruptions and shortages. Prices of materials, equipment, transportation and other resources have increased as a result of these supply chain disruptions and shortages and may continue to increase as a result of inflation and the imposition of tariffs (or subsequent changes to the tariffs once announced or implemented). Increases in inflation and the imposition of tariffs may raise the Companies’ costs in excess of the costs reflected in the Utilities’ rate plans and could also increase the amount of capital that needs to be raised by the Companies. The Companies Also Face Other Risks That Are Beyond Their Control. The Companies’ results of operations can be affected by circumstances or events that are beyond their control. Weather and energy efficiency efforts directly influence the demand for electricity, gas and steam service, and can affect the price of energy commodities. Terrorist or other physical attacks or acts of war could damage the Companies' facilities. Economic conditions can affect customers’ demand and ability to pay for service, which could adversely affect the Companies. See "Energy Affordability" in Item 7. 

=== ED_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A of the Form 10-K. Item 5: Other Information During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) adopted , terminated or modified any Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). Item 6: Exhibits Con Edison Exhibit 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2026, among Con Edison, CECONY and O&R, as Borrowers, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent . (Designated in Con Edison’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 11, 2026 (File No. 1-14514) as Exhibit 10) Exhibit 31.1.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications – Chief Executive Officer. Exhibit 31.1.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications – Chief Financial Officer. Exhibit 32.1.1 Section 1350 Certifications – Chief Executive Officer. Exhibit 32.1.2 Section 1350 Certifications – Chief Financial Officer. Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. Exhibit 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. CECONY Exhibit 10.2 Employment Offer Letter between CECONY and Kamran Ziaee, dated September 30, 2024. Exhibit 31.2.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications – Chief Executive Officer. Exhibit 31.2.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications – Chief Financial Officer. Exhibit 32.2.1 Section 1350 Certifications – Chief Executive Officer. Exhibit 32.2.2 Section 1350 Certifications – Chief Financial Officer. Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. Exhibit 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K, instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of Con Edison’s subsidiaries other than CECONY, the total amount of which does not exceed ten percent of the total assets of Con Edison and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, are not filed as exhibits to Con Edison’s Form 10-K or Form 10-Q. Con Edison agrees to furnish to the SEC upon request a copy of any such instrument. 66 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Consolidated Edison, Inc. Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. Date: May 7, 2026 By /s/ Kirkland B. Andrews Kirkland B. Andrews Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer 67 