=== MA_2026-04-27.htm.gz ===
ma-20260427 0001141391 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD 0001141391 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 ma:MiebachMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001141391 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001141391 ma:MiebachMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001141391 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001141391 ma:MiebachMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001141391 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001141391 ma:MiebachMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001141391 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001141391 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001141391 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) x Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Mastercard Incorporated (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): x No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 01 02 03 04 05 Proxy summary Strategy Corporate governance Management Committee Executive compensation 13 Proxy summary 14 Our mission and purpose and the Mastercard Way 14 Our director nominees 15 Our director nominees experience, tenure and independence 15 Director skills 16 Our performance 17 Compensation 19 Strategy 23 Corporate governance 24 Proposal 1: Election of directors 39 Board and committees 46 Our corporate governance practices 47 Doing well by doing good 48 Our engagement and transparency 49 Other corporate governance matters 51 Director independence and related p arty transactions 53 Director compensation 56 Management Committee 57 Management Committee members 59 Executive compensation 60 Proposal 2: Advisory approval of Mastercard s executive compensation 61 Compensation discussion and analysis 82 Compensation Committee report 83 Summary Compensation Table 84 All other compensation in 202 5 85 Grants of plan-based awards in 202 5 86 Outstanding equity awards at 202 5 fiscal year end 88 Option exercises and stock vested in 202 5 89 Nonqualified deferred compensation in 202 5 89 Potential payments upon termination or change in control 97 Equity compensation plan information 98 CEO pay ratio disclosure 99 Pay versus performance disclosure 06 07 08 09 10 Audit Stockholder proposals Stock ownership information About the Annual Meeting and voting Submission of 202 7 proposals and nominations 101 Audit 102 Proposal 3: Ratification of the appointment of independent registered public accounting firm for 202 6 102 Auditor s services and fees 103 Audit Committee report 106 Stockholder proposals 107 Proposal 4 : Consideration of a stockholder proposal r egarding shareholder right to act by written consent 110 Proposal 5 : Consideration of a stockholder proposal to adopt cumulative voting for the election of directors 111 Stock ownership information 112 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners 112 Security ownership of directors and management 114 About the Annual Meeting and voting 121 Submission of 2027 proposals and nominations 122 Proposals for inclusion in the proxy statement for the 2027 annual meeting 122 Director nominations for inclusion in the proxy statement for the 2027 annual meeting (proxy access) 122 Other proposals or director nominations to be presented at the 2027 annual meeting 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 1 11 Appendi x 124 Appendix A: Non-GAAP financial information Website References and Forward-Looking Statements Links to websites included in this proxy statement are provided for convenience only. Content on the websites, including content on Mastercard s website, is not, and shall not be deemed to be, part of this proxy statement or incorporated by reference herein or into any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. When used in this proxy statement, the words believe, continue, could, drive, enhance, ensure, expand, expect, extend, grow, intend, may, plan, potential, seek, strive, would, will and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to Mastercard s goals, commitments, opinions, objectives, future prospects, developments and business strategies. These statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including due to the risks, uncertainties and other important factors that are discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 as may be updated from time to time by our subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings. We caution you to not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. 2 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY ANNUAL LETTERS FROM MASTERCARD LEADERSHIP 2026 April 27, 2026 Dear Fellow Stockholder: There has never been a more exciting or more promising moment to be part of the Mastercard community. Today, Mastercard does more than ever. Our expertise encompasses threat intelligence and economic analysis, cyber security and loyalty programming, open finance and fraud prevention. Of course, we still offer virtually every form of payment available, including agentic commerce and digital assets. All of it is backed by the Priceless promise of reliability and protection that our interlocking circles represent to people everywhere. How Mastercard Grows and Delivers Our strong and tested strategy enables us to consistently deliver excellence for our customers and meet the needs of a changing world around us. It s a strategy designed for resilience as we navigate those changes and built to ensure we are both ready for the future and instrumental in shaping it. Mastercard s dynamism is built on core, enduring strengths that generate enormous potential. We unite the reach and interoperability that are essential for success in our digital future with the trust earned throughout our six decades of experience. Our payments network and trailblazing technology operates in milliseconds, drives local and international commerce, and secures the digital economy around the world. Every transaction that touches our network generates unique data, protected by Mastercard, that drives our solutions and sharpens our differentiated services. This will only become more important as the age of artificial intelligence (AI) leaps ahead. With 15+ petabytes of structured, clean, usable data, Mastercard is at the forefront leading this work. Our business model, strategically diversified across geographies, product capabilities and spend categories, further amplifies our resilience and enduring relevance. We ve seen this bear out through successive rounds of payments innovation and changing regulatory environments. Consistently, Mastercard has succeeded and grown and emerged stronger. Today, our global acceptance footprint delivers a simple user experience and reliable result for more than 3.7 billion accounts. We connect hundreds of millions of acceptance locations and digital access points across more than 220 countries and territories. 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 3 ANNUAL LETTERS FROM MASTERCARD LEADERSHIP 2026 We deliver what few others can a trusted service that directly supports the needs and wants of everyday people and our customers and we are not blown off course by shifting headwinds. That s thanks to the skill and commitment of our people. Mastercard invests to ensure we have the best talent in the industry and the right talent for our times. Every day, more than 39,000 individuals come together, each adding their unique insight and experience, to drive our company forward and deliver for the people who count on us. Standing on the strength of this foundation, Mastercard is flexing in new ways and growing in new areas. We innovate with purpose and foresight, strengthening the digital ecosystem and making payments better, faster and easier. We build relationships and create connections among an extensive ecosystem of partners to amplify our opportunity and impact and theirs. Products evolve. Services expand. Trust grows. All of it enhancing our capacity to meet this moment and the next and powering limitless possibility. That s why people and partners everywhere continue to choose Mastercard. Another Strong Year for Mastercard The proof of our success is evident in the outstanding performance and stockholder value Mastercard delivered once again in 2025. Across four strong quarters of growth, our gross dollar volume grew by 9%, with cross-border volume growth up 15% year-over-year on a local currency basis. We won hundreds of new issuing deals and expanded long-term relationships globally. We facilitated more than 175 billion transactions, each representing someone, a business owner or consumer, who entrusted us with the responsibility to protect their money and their data. Through a year marked by periods of macroeconomic volatility and uncertainty, Mastercard demonstrated robust capability and reliability by keeping our eyes on what matters most. We focused on our customers, centering their needs in all we do. We deepened partnerships and advanced the next era of payments. We continued to make progress across each of our three strategic priority areas core payments, commercial and new payment flows, and value-added services and solutions driving our virtuous cycle forward. Payments generate data. More data strengthens our services. Better services attract more payments to our network, and the cycle spins on. Last year, we continued momentum in consumer payments, securing big portfolio wins and renewals, including American Airlines, Japan Airlines, Capital One, Apple, Alipay and Yapi Kredi. Beyond wins, we continued to deliver value propositions that drive card usage and top-of-wallet status. In 2025, we premiered The Mastercard Collection and our new World Legend offering, putting a new stake in the ground for the affluent market. Across our customer base, we continued making digital payments more secure and seamless through tokenization. As of last December, we had tokenized nearly 40% of all switched transactions on our way to reaching 100% tokenization of e-commerce payments by 2030. We innovate with purpose and foresight, strengthening the digital ecosystem and making payments better, faster and easier. 4 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY ANNUAL LETTERS FROM MASTERCARD LEADERSHIP 2026 Multiple engines for growth power our strategy and ensure our sustainability. Mastercard s volumes are outpacing growth in personal consumption expenditures as we capture the tailwinds from the shift to digital. The runway for growth on the consumer payments side continues to be substantial and expanding with both advanced and emerging economies recognizing faster digitalization as a force multiplier for growth. We made real progress to capture the enormous commercial opportunity in 2025, with commercial credit and debit representing 13% of gross dollar volumes and 11% year-over-year local currency growth. With tools like our Mid- Market Accelerator, we re closing critical capability gaps for SMEs. We re helping businesses of all sizes update their practices across a variety of use cases, invoices, expenses, remittances and more, for a digital world. Our differentiated value propositions, extensive partnerships and global Mastercard Move network to transmit value seamlessly across 17 billion endpoints all position Mastercard to capitalize on the growth ahead. Our groundbreaking services continued to set Mastercard apart while adding value to the digital ecosystem. For example, with On-Demand Decisioning, we ve improved the transaction experience for both cardholders and issuers by providing real-time transaction approvals directly on our network, reducing false declines and bolstering resilience. From Mastercard Threat Intelligence to Mastercard Commerce Media , we extended the power of our data with new services that layer in value both on and beyond the transaction. This opens the door to new customer centers and extends our addressable market to new growth areas. In 2025, we took our redesigned, upgraded network live in South Africa, delivering the near real-time switching capabilities necessary in today s world. We continued expanding our acceptance footprint to more cities in China, navigating local requirements while creating value for all involved. We also doubled-down on our commitment to Europe s resilience, including announcing new local data centers and continued investment in European technology and talent. We inaugurated a new Cyber Resilience Center in Saudi Arabia, our first in the Middle East, and expanded our Mission Control Operations center in Mexico City to enhance customer service and network strength across Latin America and the Caribbean. All these developments reflect our commitment to prioritizing local needs while strengthening the Mastercard experience for everyone. Just as important as what we achieved in 2025 is how we achieved it. The power of doing well by doing good continues to animate our business. Last year we achieved our decade-long goal of connecting 1 billion people and 65 million small businesses to the digital economy, expanding growth and opportunity in countries around the globe. Today, as we continue efforts to uplift communities and expand markets, we know access on its own is not enough. New entrants to the digital economy need support and security to benefit from its full potential. That s why our new commitment is to connect and protect 500 million people and small businesses on their journey from financial inclusion to financial health by 2030. Sustainable and Competitive for the Future We continue to build on this strong momentum as we move through 2026 and look to the long future ahead. Multiple engines for growth power our strategy and ensure our sustainability. Mastercard powers economies and empowers people. That s an incredible responsibility that we take seriously, and we are committed to delivering for the communities we serve around the world. 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 5 ANNUAL LETTERS FROM MASTERCARD LEADERSHIP 2026 Today s Mastercard is global, headquartered in the United States, but with roots all around the world. For those in Europe who, like me, grew up with Eurocard, that business remains part of Mastercard s DNA, its strength merged into and enhancing our network locally and globally since 2002. Everywhere our network reaches, we bring global investment and set standards that invigorate economies and deliver real value on a local level. Even in a more fragmented and self-reliant world, global communication, cooperation and interoperability will remain essential ingredients for success. Local businesses can count on us to provision the trust, interoperability and network they need to grow and thrive. Governments welcome our partnership to help protect the digital economy. Security and trust will be the foundation of competitive, confident, future-forward economies. Growth will be grounded in global standards, committed to local strength and connected across ecosystems of value. No one does that better than Mastercard. That s why Mastercard is elemental to the new payments paradigm taking shape through the rapid adoption of AI and digital assets. The success and adoption of these innovations hinges on interoperability, and interoperability requires a network. That s Mastercard. We are at the forefront of setting standards and guidelines for responsible AI development and use in the digital age. Our commitments build on our long-standing data privacy and responsibility principles to wrap agentic transactions in trust and transparency. With Mastercard Agent Pay , we pioneered the technology and framework that makes agentic commerce possible, bringing together tokenized transactions, fraud tools, reach and rich data and insights. With Verifiable Intent, we can confirm that authorized agentic purchases made on our network are traceable to human instructions to buy. These tools will only become more critical as we make payments more intelligent and seamless for consumers. We re also harnessing our data-driven insights to better support our customers with Mastercard Agent Suite, offering an array of customizable, fit-for-purpose agents to meet their specific needs. Digital assets and blockchain are an important new form of value that are enhancing the payments ecosystem in tangible ways bringing greater speed, expanding choice, building in smarts and flexibility. Here too, Mastercard is instrumental to driving acceptance, usability, confidence and interoperability. Our co-branded partnerships enable people to pay using their crypto holdings at the same point of sale terminal that processes a credit or debit charge, making payment easy for business owners and empowering consumer choice. We ve enabled stablecoin use, including on Mastercard Move for cross-border payments and settlement, for businesses and individuals who opt to be paid that way. And, with our recent announcement of our intent to acquire BVNK, a leading platform for stablecoin infrastructure in more than 130 countries, we are positioning ourselves to continue to grow in this space, making us more interoperable, extending end-to-end and opening new use cases. In a world with more options than ever, choice in how you pay and who you partner with is paramount. People need the tools and the freedom to make the choices that work best for them. It requires creativity and flexibility, but our ultimate goal is simple: no matter what form money takes, it needs to be trusted, accepted and usable everywhere. Growth will be grounded in global standards, committed to local strength and connected across ecosystems of value. No one does that better than Mastercard. 6 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY ANNUAL LETTERS FROM MASTERCARD LEADERSHIP 2026 We are building a future where Mastercard is central to the payments ecosystem and a trusted part of people s everyday lives the electric charge coursing through the digital economy and bringing it to life. Valuing What Matters Around the world, Mastercard supports prosperity, facilitates connection, unlocks opportunity and makes priceless experiences possible. All the things that matter most to people. For Dorcas, a small-holder farmer in Kenya, Mastercard is the digital identity and connection to the financial industry that she needs to grow her business. For many salon and beauty-shop owners across Latin America, Mastercard is the new way to secure the products they already use while building credit and reducing risk. For the people of Ukraine, Mastercard is on the frontlines of cyber defense, helping support the country s digital economy. You won t see all the ways that we re working, but we re always there helping to secure all the ways people pay and get paid. We work every day to be the trust layer for the digital economy with protections that strengthen the system from the ground up. We protect data privacy, enhance cyber security, fight fraud and deliver on our promise that consumers won t be held responsible for unauthorized transactions. We innovate to extend that trust and security to the new age of payments and provide the services that support success all around the world. With agility built into every aspect of our enterprise, resilience is our superpower. As we look at all that lies ahead, we remain laser-focused on delivering for our customers and cardholders, just as we have been for the past 60 years. That focus, in turn, creates real value for economies around the world and for our stockholders. We are building a future where Mastercard is central to the payments ecosystem and a trusted part of people s everyday lives the electric charge coursing through the digital economy and bringing it to life. I am honored to lead this team and this business during an era of so much opportunity, and I am grateful to all of you for supporting Mastercard and our mission. Michael Miebach CEO, Mastercard 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 7 ANNUAL LETTERS FROM MASTERCARD LEADERSHIP 2026 Dear Fellow Stockholder, April 27, 2026 This year marks two significant anniversaries for Mastercard 60 years as a company and 20 years since its IPO. These milestones offer a fitting moment for all of us to reflect on how far Mastercard has come. Today, Mastercard is a globe-spanning, AI-enabled network that is securing the digital economy and processed more than 175 billion transactions last year. During the six decades since its founding, the company has built a foundation of trust, innovation, expertise and brand recognition, which continues to power its growth and leadership. In 2025, Mastercard delivered across each of its three strategic pillars core payments, services and commercial and new payment flows sustaining strong momentum across all four quarters. In recent years, geopolitical and technological currents continue to cause business conditions to evolve, bringing both complexity and opportunity. Artificial intelligence and digital assets, in particular, are reshaping industry conversations and the landscape. Mastercard has met changes with confidence, grounded in the strength of its strategy and the quality of its execution. Years of deliberate investment to rearchitect its payments technology, diversify its business model and scale its services have positioned the company to compete effectively and deliver value for investors in a rapidly changing payments arena. The company provides world-class solutions regardless of how people choose to pay. By advancing agentic commerce through Agent Pay and forging partnerships that extend functionality and acceptance to digital assets, Mastercard has broadened and deepened its core payments offerings. A growing payments business generates richer data, which in turn strengthens Mastercard s virtuous cycle and powers its industry-leading services. Mastercard is recognized as a leader in cybersecurity and a trusted partner in protecting the digital ecosystem. The integration of Recorded Future s expertise and its threat intelligence capabilities exemplifies the kind of differentiated solutions that Mastercard is delivering across a broad range of customers and use cases. By combining a strong commitment to local relationships with the reach and scale of its global network, Mastercard is building a path that serves customers needs today while opening opportunity for the future. Mastercard also made meaningful progress last year in serving the commercial market, with a particular focus on addressing the practical needs of small- and medium-sized enterprises. As always, inclusive and sustainable growth remains a priority Mastercard is developing standards and practices to ensure that the digital economy works for everyone, works everywhere and remains reliable and secure. Mastercard has met changes with confidence, grounded in the strength of its strategy and the quality of its execution. 8 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY ANNUAL LETTERS FROM MASTERCARD LEADERSHIP 2026 Building on 60 years of experience and results, we believe Mastercard is well-positioned for what lies ahead. As a Board, we draw on our diverse perspectives and experience to ask hard questions and insist on rigorous answers. We are clear-eyed about risk and equally focused on the opportunities that Mastercard is distinctively positioned to capture. That oversight responsibility has only grown in importance given shifting global conditions. We remain committed to independent, substantive engagement both in our governance role and in contributing expertise that helps the company succeed. Candid communication and transparency define the working relationship between Mastercard s leadership team and the Board. I also take this opportunity to recognize Michael on a milestone of his own five years as CEO. It has been five years of principled stewardship and a valued partnership with the Board in building lasting stockholder value. Whether strengthening a country s economic resilience, supporting small businesses at the local level, or leveraging the unique capabilities of a global network to anticipate what comes next, Mastercard is making a tangible difference. Building on 60 years of experience and results, we believe Mastercard is well-positioned for what lies ahead. I extend my sincere gratitude to everyone at Mastercard from the leadership team to the local teams around the world. Your work powers this company s success. To our investors, thank you for your continued confidence in Mastercard. I look forward to our conversation at the annual meeting. Merit E. Janow Board Chairperson 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 9 Our Board of Directors Back row, standing, from left: Candido Bracher; Richard K. Davis, HRCC Chairperson; Merit E. Janow, Board Chairperson and NCG Chairperson; Oki Matsumoto; Lance Uggla Front row, seated, from left: Choon Phong Goh; Gabrielle Sulzberger; Michael Miebach, President and Chief Executive Officer; Harit Talwar; Youngme Moon, Risk Committee Chairperson; Julius Genachowski, Audit Committee Chairperson NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Notice of 2026 annual meeting of stockholders When Tuesday, June 16, 2026 at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern time) Record date April 21, 2026 Who can vote Holders of Mastercard s Class A common stock at the close of business on April 21, 2026 Location Live webcast at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MA2026 Dear Stockholder: You are invited to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Mastercard Incorporated (Annual Meeting), which will be held virtually on Tuesday, June 16, 2026 at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern time) at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MA2026. Items of business Board vote recommendation For more information 1 Election of the 11 nominees named in this proxy statement to serve on Mastercard s Board of Directors FOR each director nominee See pg 24 2 Advisory approval of Mastercard s executive compensation FOR See pg 60 3 Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm for Mastercard for 2026 FOR See pg 102 4-5 Stockholder proposals, if properly presented AGAINST See pg 106 Annual meeting website and voting in advance We have created an annual meeting website to make it easy for you to access our Annual Meeting materials at www.mastercardannualmeeting.com. There you will find an overview of the voting items, the proxy statement and the annual report to read online or download, as well as a link to access the site to vote your shares. Your vote is important. Please vote as soon as possible by one of the methods shown below. Be sure to have your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials in hand and follow the below instructions: By telephone You can vote your shares by calling 1-800-690-6903 toll-free and following the instructions on your proxy card By Internet You can vote your shares online at www.proxyvote.com By mail Complete, sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction form in the postage-paid envelope provided 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 11 NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Attending the Annual Meeting Based on our experience over the years, our Board and management continue to believe that holding our annual meeting in a virtual format offers a wider group of stockholders the opportunity to participate in the meeting. Accordingly, the Annual Meeting will be a virtual-only meeting held on June 16, 2026 at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern time). Our Board will be taking the following steps to ensure adequate participation: Stockholders will be able to vote their shares electronically online during the Annual Meeting by going to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MA2026 and logging in using their unique 16-digit control number. Stockholders may submit relevant questions in advance of the Annual Meeting by submitting a question under the Questions for Management tab at www.proxyvote.com. Stockholders may submit relevant questions during the Annual Meeting by entering a question in the Q A field. We will respond to relevant questions as time permits. Please refer to the rules of conduct available on the annual meeting website and our investor relations website at https://investor.mastercard.com. If substantially similar questions are received, management may group them together and provide a single response to avoid repetition and allow time for additional topics to be discussed. We expect to address certain unanswered relevant questions in due course after the Annual Meeting on our investor relations website. The rules of conduct will be posted in advance on our investor relations website. Those without a control number may attend as guests of the Annual Meeting but will not have the option to vote their shares, ask questions or otherwise participate in the Annual Meeting. Stockholders are encouraged to log in to the webcast up to 15 minutes before the Annual Meeting s start time. You can find more information under About the Annual Meeting and voting on pg 114 of the proxy statement that follows. Audio webcast In addition to participating in the Annual Meeting, you can listen to a live audio webcast of our Annual Meeting by visiting the Investor Relations page of our website at https://investor.mastercard.com, beginning at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern time) on June 16, 2026. Date of mailing We will begin mailing our proxy materials on or about April 27, 2026. Unless you attend (and vote at) the Annual Meeting, Mastercard must receive your vote either by telephone, Internet, proxy card or voting instruction form by 11:59 p.m. (Eastern time) on June 15, 2026 for your vote to be counted. Telephone and Internet voting facilities will close at that time. You may attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person during the meeting even if you have previously voted by telephone or Internet or by returning your proxy card or voting instruction form in advance of the Annual Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Gina Accordino Corporate Secretary Purchase, New York April 27, 2026 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 16, 2026 Mastercard Incorporated s Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (proxy statement) and the 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K (2025 Form 10-K) are available at www.proxyvote.com. 12 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY Proxy summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement and does not contain all of the information that you should consider. You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. 01 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 13 PROXY SUMMARY Our mission and purpose and the Mastercard Way Mastercard powers economies and empowers people in more than 220 countries and territories worldwide. Together with our customers, we are building a resilient economy where everyone can prosper. We support a wide range of digital payments choices, making transactions secure, simple, smart and accessible. Our technology and innovation, partnerships and networks combine to deliver a unique set of products and services that help people, businesses and governments realize their greatest potential. Mastercard defines its culture as the Mastercard Way, and it fuels our vision and strategic priorities. The Mastercard Way consists of three principles that address where we are going as an organization, how we work together and how we deliver for our customers and each other: Create value Grow together Move fast. Our director nominees Director since Committee membership Name Age Primary occupation Audit HRCC NCG Risk Merit E. Janow, Board Chairperson 68 2014 Dean Emerita, School of International and Public Affairs, and Professor of Practice, International Economic Law and International Affairs, Columbia University Candido Bracher 67 2021 Former CEO, Ita Unibanco Group Richard K. Davis 68 2018 Former Executive Chairman and CEO, U.S. Bancorp Julius Genachowski 63 2014 Former Chairman, U.S. Federal Communications Commission Choon Phong Goh 62 2018 CEO, Singapore Airlines Limited Oki Matsumoto 62 2016 Founder, Chairman and former CEO, Monex Group, Inc. Michael Miebach 58 2021 President and CEO, Mastercard Youngme Moon 62 2019 Donald K. David Professor of Business Administration, Harvard Business School Gabrielle Sulzberger 65 2018 Senior Managing Director, Centerbridge Partners, L.P. and Senior Advisor, Teneo Harit Talwar 65 2022 Former Partner, Goldman Sachs and former Global Head of Goldman Sachs Consumer Business Lance Uggla 64 2019 Vice Chair, General Atlantic and Co-Founder, BeyondNetZero (a General Atlantic fund) Committee chairperson Committee member Audit Committee financial expert 14 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY PROXY SUMMARY Our director nominees experience , tenure and independence 91% 60% 10 of our 11 director nominees are independent 6 of our 10 independent director nominees are non-U.S. citizens and/or have significant international work experience Average tenure in years of our independent director nominees as of the date of the Annual Meeting 7.9 50% 5 of our 10 independent director nominees have public company CEO experience 65 Average age of our independent director nominees as of the date of the Annual Meeting Director skills (including number of director nominees possessing these skills) Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation 8 8 11 11 8 7 5 11 8 11 10 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 15 PROXY SUMMARY Our performance The following are our key financial and operational highlights for 2025, including growth rates over the prior year: GAAP Net revenue Net income Diluted EPS $32.8B $15.0B $16.52 up 16% up 16% up 19% NON-GAAP 1 (currency-neutral growth rate) Net revenue Adjusted net income Adjusted diluted EPS $32.8B $15.4B $17.01 up 15% up 13% up 15% 1 Non-GAAP results (including growth rates) exclude the impact of gains and losses on equity investments, special items and/or foreign currency. Refer to Appendix A for the reconciliation to the most direct comparable GAAP financial measures and our reasons for presenting them. Gross dollar volume (growth on a local currency basis) Cross-border volume growth (on a local currency basis) Switched transactions $10.6T 175.5B up 9% up 15% up 10% Capital returned to stockholders in 2025 Cash flows from operations Total Repurchased shares Dividends paid 2025 $14.5B $11.7B $2.8B $17.6B Our strong performance over the years has resulted in substantial stock price appreciation. Comparison of cumulative five-year total return* * Assumes a $100 investment in our Class A common stock and both of the indices and the reinvestment of dividends. Mastercard s Class B common stock is not publicly traded or listed on any exchange or dealer quotation system. Stock price December 31, 2015 Stock price December 31, 2025 Increased by more than $97.36 $570.88 5 times 16 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY PROXY SUMMARY Compensation Our core executive compensation principles Our executive compensation program is based on three core principles: Align the long-term interests of our executives with stockholders Pay for performance Pay competitively Program design To address these three core principles, we designed a compensation program in 2025 that supported our three strategic priority areas consumer payments, commercial and new payment flows, and services and other solutions and that attracts, retains and motivates executives critical to Mastercard s long- term success: The majority of our executives compensation is variable and at-risk and is tied to pre-established goals linked to financial and strategic objectives designed to create long-term stockholder value. Total direct compensation for our executives is weighted more toward performance-based, long-term equity awards rather than cash compensation. 2025 executive compensation program highlights In 2025, we delivered strong financial and operating performance across our key performance metrics, including net revenue, net income, earnings per share (EPS) and total shareholder return. Based on our performance, the corporate score for purposes of funding the 2025 annual incentive compensation programs was 145% of target (see pgs 67 - 68 for more information). Based on our performance over the three-year measurement period, the payout rate for 2023 performance stock units (PSU) awards was 131.8% of target (see pg 73 for more information). At our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, 96% of the votes cast for the say-on-pay proposal were in favor of our executive compensation program and policies. We view this level of stockholder support as affirmation of our current pay programs and our pay for performance philosophy. 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 17 PROXY SUMMARY The Human Resources and Compensation Committee (HRCC) and management regularly review our compensation and benefit programs. Accordingly, we have adopted a number of practices over the last several years that reflect best pay governance practices. What we do Pay for performance Align executive compensation with stockholder returns through long-term incentives Maintain significant stock ownership requirements and guidelines, as well as a post-vest holding period on PSUs Use an appropriate peer group when establishing competitive compensation Tailor individual pay opportunities to support executive succession planning and leadership development programs Reward individual performance but with limits that cap individual payouts in executive incentive plans Regularly assess compensation programs to mitigate undue risk-taking by executives Mandate double-trigger provisions for all plans that contemplate a change in control Maintain robust clawback and equity award forfeiture policies Retain an independent compensation consultant Hold an annual say-on-pay advisory vote What we don t do Permit hedging or pledging of Mastercard stock Provide any excise tax gross-ups for executive officers Provide tax gross-ups, other than under our global mobility programs Reprice stock options Pay dividend equivalents on unvested equity awards Guarantee annual salary increases or bonuses Grant discounted or reload stock options Spring load or back date equity grants 18 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY Strategy Our strategy centers on growing our core, diversifying our customers and geographies, and building new areas for the future through a combination of organic and inorganic strategic initiatives. We are executing on this strategy through a focus on three priorities: consumer payments commercial and new payment flows services and other solutions Our priorities strengthen, complement and reinforce each other and are fundamentally interdependent. 02 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 19 STRATEGY Strategy Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry. We connect consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses and other organizations worldwide by enabling electronic payments and making those payment transactions secure, simple, smart and accessible. We make payments easier and more efficient by providing a wide range of payment solutions and services using our family of well-known and trusted brands, including our primary brand Mastercard , as well as our Maestro and Cirrus brands. We operate a payments network that provides choice and flexibility for consumers, merchants and our customers. Through our unique and proprietary global payments network, we switch (authorize, clear and settle) payment transactions. We have additional payments capabilities that include automated clearing house (ACH) transactions (both batch and real-time account-based payments). Using these capabilities, we offer consumer and commercial payment products, capture new payment flows and provide services and solutions. These services and solutions include, among others, security solutions, consumer acquisition and engagement services, business and market insights, digital and authentication, processing and gateway and other solutions, all of which draw on our principled and responsible use of secure data. Our capabilities strengthen, reinforce and complement each other and are fundamentally interdependent. For our global payments network, our franchise model sets the standards and ground rules that balance value and risk across (and allow for interoperability among) all stakeholders. We employ a multi-layered approach to help protect the global payments ecosystem in which we operate. Our strategic priorities Our strategy centers on growing our core, diversifying our customers and geographies, and building new areas for the future through a combination of organic and inorganic strategic initiatives. We are executing on this strategy through a focus on three priorities: consumer payments commercial and new payment flows services and other solutions Our priorities strengthen, complement and reinforce each other and are fundamentally interdependent. Consumer payments. We focus on enabling consumer payments, providing consumers with choice and flexibility to transact across multiple payment rails (including cards, real-time payments and account-based transactions), while ensuring that all payments are secure and seamless. We do so by: Capturing the significant secular opportunity of cash displacement by increasing acceptance through advancing technology and partnering with players across the payments ecosystem, as well as by opening up closed-loop and domestic networks. We also pursue incremental volume and transactions by extending our reach across under-penetrated card verticals (such as bill pay) and real-time account-based payments Driving brand preference through compelling consumer experiences by offering relevant value propositions to consumers (including features, benefits, events and activities), providing comprehensive digital functionality (such as Digital First and One Credential), delivering enhanced security and functionality (increasing tokenization, scaling authentication and streamlining online checkout) and driving increased approval, spend and activation rates Investing in the future and driving market transformation by extending the reach of our network to enable the tokenization of credentials, identities, assets and data and the exchange of those items between counterparties (providing security, privacy and control). We also seek to achieve this transformation by modernizing our payment network (including enabling real-time card payments) to meet evolving needs Commercial and new payment flows. We focus on capturing opportunities in commercial payments (both point-of-sale purchases and invoiced payments) and disbursements and remittances (specifically, through Mastercard Move, our collection of money movement capabilities that provides solutions for money transfers to consumers from other consumers, businesses or governments). We do so by: Driving brand preference and accelerating secular shift in commercial point-of-sale purchases by offering differentiated propositions across cards and platforms (both corporate and small business solutions, including expense 20 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY STRATEGY management, reporting, reconciliation and data insights); expanding distribution of our point-of-sale offerings across financial institutions, new geographies, new channels and small businesses; and growing acceptance Capturing commercial invoiced payments by driving engagement across buyers and suppliers to, among other things, simplify workflows, release working capital and improve data reconciliation to reduce end-to-end costs; building on our travel offerings to expand into additional select verticals (including business-to-business (B2B) marketplaces, trade and logistics, healthcare, consumer packaged goods and pharmaceuticals); and embedding payments into widely used platforms and workflows Modernizing disbursements and remittances by utilizing Mastercard Move to scale use cases across senders (including consumers, businesses and governments) and recipient consumers (both domestic and cross-border) and expand money movement across our global network of financial institution partners Services and other solutions. Our services and other solutions, which are interdependent with our payment network, drive value for our customers and the broader payments ecosystem. We offer security solutions, consumer acquisition and engagement, business and market insights, digital and authentication, processing and gateway and other solutions (including ACH batch and real-time account-based payments and solutions and open finance). We do so by: Differentiating our payments capabilities by combining our wide range of services and solutions in various ways to meet the needs and priorities of our partners, which helps drive market wins and payments growth Enhancing and expanding our suite of services to better serve our existing customers, including across new buying centers and new capability areas, as well as to reach new customers Scaling distribution by using our technology platforms to enable us to switch more transactions and deliver more services per transaction, selling directly to customers through a dedicated sales force and global account teams, and embedding services with partners (such as tech platforms, system integrators, processors and other networks) to deliver those services at scale Our priorities are fundamentally interdependent and strengthen, reinforce and complement each other. Our payment network helps us scale our services and solutions, and those services and solutions help us differentiate our payments solutions We grow in payments, which allows us to switch more transactions and bring more transaction data onto the network We use that data to create insightful services and solutions that can, in turn, help us win new and renewed customer deals and drive greater payments volume growth Enabling our success These priorities are supported by six enablers: People. Our success is driven by the skills, experience, integrity and mindset of our people. We attract, develop and retain top talent to deliver on Mastercard s strategic priorities and to grow high-performing leaders. Our winning culture is guided by the Mastercard Way, which outlines the behaviors we expect from employees to deliver for our customers and one another. We foster an environment where everyone has the opportunity to succeed, delivering positive impact for the business and for communities across the globe. 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 21 STRATEGY Brand. Our brands serve as a differentiator for our business, representing our values and enabling us to accelerate growth in new areas. Data and AI. We create a range of products and services for our customers using our data and artificial intelligence (AI) assets, technology, platforms and expertise. These products and services are designed to make commerce smarter, more secure and more personal. We follow our Data and Tech Responsibility Principles in how we design, implement and deliver those solutions. Our Privacy by Design, Data by Design and AI Governance processes are designed to ensure we embed multiple layers of privacy, data protection and information security controls in all our products and services, keeping a clear focus on protecting customers and individuals data and privacy, as well as making our AI more accurate and effective. In addition to our products and services, we use AI to enhance our operations and our employee productivity. Technology. Our technology provides resiliency, scalability and flexibility in how we serve customers. It unlocks broader reach to scale digital payment services to multiple channels. Utilizing our technology standards, services and governance model, we connect financial institutions, financial technology companies (fintechs) and others, enabling interoperability and allowing consumers, businesses, governments and merchants to engage through digital channels. Franchise. We manage an ecosystem of stakeholders who participate in our global payments network. Our franchise model creates and sustains a comprehensive series of value exchanges across our ecosystem. We provide a balanced ecosystem where all participants benefit from the availability, innovation and security of our network. Our franchise model enables the scale of our network and provides a single governance structure for its operation. Doing well by doing good. We are powering economies and empowering people, with an aim toward building a sustainable economy where everyone prospers. Our impact strategy is expressed through three pillars People, Prosperity and Planet and the work we do is grounded in strong governance principles. We pursue these strategic goals because it is right for our business. When we bring more people, in more places, into the digital economy we grow our customers, our partnerships and our revenue. For a thriving economy where people prosper, we need a healthy environment, which is why our efforts to preserve the planet play an important role. Our Strategy Grow our core Diversify into new customers and geographies Build new areas for the future Our Strategic Priorities Consumer payments Commercial and new payment flows Services and other solutions Enabled by People Brand Data AI Technology Franchise Doing well by doing good 22 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY Corporate governance We are committed to enhancing our corporate governance practices, which we believe help us sustain our success and build long-term value for our stockholders. Our Board oversees Mastercard s strategic direction and the performance of our business and management. Our governance structure enables independent, experienced and accomplished directors to provide advice, insight, guidance and oversight to advance the interests of Mastercard and our stockholders. 03 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 23 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Proposal 1: Election of directors The Board unanimously recommends that stockholders vote FOR each nominee to serve as director. Election process Each member of our Board is elected annually by our Class A stockholders for a one-year term that expires at our next annual meeting of stockholders. When our Board members are elected, they are also automatically appointed as directors of our operating subsidiary, Mastercard International Incorporated. Our directors are elected by an affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast at the annual meeting of stockholders, subject to our majority voting policy. You can find more about this in About the Annual Meeting and voting on pg 114 . Refreshing the Board and nominating directors Identifying and recommending individuals for nomination, election or re- election to our Board are principal responsibilities of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (NCG). The NCG carries out this function through an ongoing, year-round process, which includes a thorough review of the Board s self-evaluation results. The NCG reviews and selects candidates for nomination to our Board in accordance with its charter and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Based on its review, coupled with our age and tenure limits, the NCG determines whether Board refreshment is expected in the near future. The NCG then identifies nominees who would be valuable assets to our Board and to Mastercard. The NCG is assisted with its recruitment efforts by an independent third- party search firm, which recommends candidates who satisfy the Board s criteria. The search firm also provides research and pertinent information regarding director candidates, as requested. Consistent with the limits outlined in our bylaws, the size of our Board may fluctuate depending on our evolving strategic needs. As we identify individuals with the right talent and skills, we may seek to have them join our Board. As a result, you may see the Board size change over time. Identifying director candidates You can find out more about our nomination process in the NCG s charter and our Corporate Governance Guidelines at https://investor.mastercard.com/corporate-governance/board-committees/default.aspx and https://investor.mastercard.com/corporate-governance/governance-guidelines/default.aspx. Stockholder recommendations of director candidates Submit recommendations to: Office of the Corporate Secretary 2000 Purchase Street Purchase, NY 10577 Attention: Corporate Secretary T he NCG evaluates stockholder recommendations using the same process it follows for other candidates. Recommendations do not constitute candidate nominations, which must meet our bylaw requirements. 24 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board refreshment process Board composition, including director skills, is analyzed at least annually to ensure alignment with our long-term growth strategy and standards for identifying directors A potential candidate list is developed based on a number of inputs and recommendations, including from independent search firms, stockholders, independent directors, our people and self-evaluation results Personal qualities, skills and background of potential candidates are considered The NCG meets with qualified candidates and makes recommendations to the Board Board recommends nominees for election by the stockholders Stockholders vote on nominees Key factors the Board considers when selecting directors and refreshing the Board Standards for identifying directors Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the NCG should seek to foster inclusion on the Board when nominating directors for election by taking into account geographic diversity to reflect the geographic regions in which we operate in a manner approximately proportional to our business activity, as well as diversity of viewpoints, and shall endeavor to have a Board representing a range of leadership and other experiences relevant to our global activities. Additional composition considerations The NCG takes into account all factors it considers appropriate when selecting directors and refreshing the Board. Strength of character and maturity of judgment Experience, expertise and knowledge Present needs on the Board and existing Board composition Independence and conflicts of interest Experience involving an issuer or acquirer licensed by the company Age and tenure as of the date of the Annual Meeting Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that our non-employee directors should not stand for re-election following the earlier of their 15 th anniversary on the Board or their 72 nd birthday. The Board considers these requirements as part of a broader discussion of our directors experience and qualifications, as well as when and how to refresh its membership. As of the date of the Annual Meeting, the average age of our independent director nominees is 65, and t he average tenure of our independent director nominees is 7.9 years. 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 25 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Nominees for election as directors At the Annual Meeting, the Board recommends the election of the following 11 nominees, each to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successor is elected and qualified, subject to their earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal: Rima Qureshi is not standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting in accordance with our director tenure limit policy. Each of our director nominees was approved by the NCG and recommended to the Board for approval following an evaluation of his or her qualifications and prior board service. Each nominee has agreed to be named in this proxy statement and to serve, if elected. Should any nominee be unable to serve, the persons designated as proxies reserve full discretion to vote for another person or the Board may reduce its size. Of our 10 independent director nominees, six nominees identify as racially or ethnically diverse; three nominees identify as female; and four nominees are non-U.S. citizens. 26 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Skills and experience The NCG strives to cultivate a Board that represents a range of skills, leadership experiences and other experiences relevant to Mastercard s strategic vision and global activities. Indicated below are the skills and experiences that the NCG has identified and determined to be important for Board membership and the director nominees who have each such skill or experience. In light of the individual experiences and qualifications of each of our director nominees, our Board has concluded that each of our director nominees should be elected at the Annual Meeting. The strong qualifications that make each of our director nominees highly valuable assets to our Board are described below and in the biographies that follow. Skills and experience Name Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Janow l l l l l l l l l Bracher l l l l l l l l l l l Davis l l l l l l l l l l Genachowski l l l l l l l l l Goh l l l l l l l l l Matsumoto l l l l l l l Miebach l l l l l l l l l l l Moon l l l l l l Sulzberger l l l l l l Talwar l l l l l l l l l l l Uggla l l l l l l l l l Total 8 8 11 11 8 7 5 11 8 11 10 Skills and experience descriptions Consumer including brand, marketing and retail experience and other merchant background Information security including cybersecurity and data privacy C-suite experience including service as a chief executive officer or other senior executive at a publicly traded company Payments including within retail banking, payments infrastructure, telecommunications, technology and data Financial and risk including corporate finance, financial accounting or enterprise risk management Public company board experience both U.S. and non-U.S. Global perspective including significant experience internationally or focused on international issues or operations Regulatory and governmental including deep engagement with regulators as part of a business and/or through positions with governments and regulatory bodies Human capital management including developing and/or overseeing human capital management, including compensation and succession planning Strategy and business development including experience in strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, growth strategies or business expansion Technology, digital and innovation including application of technology in payments, emerging technologies and applications 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 27 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Merit E. Janow Dean Emerita, School of International and Public Affairs, and Professor of Practice, International Economic Law and International Affairs, Columbia University Key experiences, qualifications and skills Professor Janow brings to the Board extensive global perspective as a dean and professor of international economic law and international affairs, especially with respect to the Asia Pacific region. Her university career, public board service and other initiatives provide significant insight on technology, innovation, digital matters and cybersecurity. She brings deep experience in working with governments and regulatory bodies through her past government service and her academic and legal career, as well as through her service on not-for-profits and advisory bodies. Board Chairperson since January 2022 Former Lead Director January 2021-December 2021 Director since June 2014 Age at Annual Meeting 68 Board committees Nominating and Corporate Governance (chairperson) Audit Risk Professional experience Columbia University , a private university Dean Emerita, School of International and Public Affairs (since 2022) Professor of Practice, International Economic Law and International Affairs (since 1994) U.S. Department of Justice , a federal agency that enforces the law and ensures fair administration of justice Executive Director of the International Competition Policy Advisory Committee of the U.S. Department of Justice s Antitrust Division (1997- 2000) Office of the U.S. Trade Representative , a federal agency responsible for developing and promoting U.S. foreign trade policies Deputy Assistant U.S. Trade Representative for Japan and China (1990-1993) Current U.S.-listed company and investment company directorships Aptiv PLC , a global technology company (since 2021) Member, Compensation and Human Resources Committee Member, Nominating and Governance Committee American Funds , a mutual fund family of the Capital Group, consisting of more than 20 funds (since 2001) Member, Nominating and Governance Committee Member, Proxy Committee Prior U.S.-listed company directorships (within past five years) Trimble Inc. , a software, hardware and services technology company (2008-2021) Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 28 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Candido Bracher Former CEO, Ita Unibanco Group Key experiences, qualifications and skills Mr. Bracher brings to the Board extensive payments experience and consumer insight as a former CEO and director of a publicly traded financial institution. His experience in highly regulated industries provides valuable perspective on engaging and partnering with regulators. Mr. Bracher s extensive experience in financial services contributes strong financial understanding. As a former CEO, he brings significant insight with respect to culture development and talent management. Director since September 2021 Age at Annual Meeting 67 Board committees Audit Risk Professional experience Ita Unibanco Group , a Brazilian financial services company Chief Executive Officer (2017-2021) Senior Vice President, Wholesale Banking (2015-2017) Vice President (2004-2015) Current U.S.-listed company directorships Ita Unibanco Holding S.A. , a Brazilian financial services company (since 2003) President, Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee Member, Related Parties Committee Member, Risk and Capital Management Committee Member, Environmental, Social and Climate Responsibility Committee Member, Compensation Committee Member, Personnel Committee Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 29 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Richard K. Davis Former Executive Chairman and CEO, U.S. Bancorp Key experiences, qualifications and skills Mr. Davis brings to the Board extensive payments experience and consumer insight as former CEO of a publicly traded financial holding company and former chairman of a banking association and payments company. His experience in highly regulated industries and as a former Federal Reserve representative provides a valuable perspective on engaging and partnering with regulators. Mr. Davis extensive experience in financial services and his membership on public company audit and finance committees contribute strong financial understanding. As a former CEO, he brings significant insight with respect to culture development and talent management. Director since June 2018 Age at Annual Meeting 68 Board committees Human Resources and Compensation (chairperson) Nominating and Corporate Governance Professional experience Mayo Clinic , a nonprofit medical practice and research group Chairman of the Board of Trustees (since 2025) Make-A-Wish America , a nonprofit organization Chief Executive Officer (2019-2022) U.S. Bancorp , a parent company of U.S. Bank, one of the largest commercial banks in the United States Executive Chairman (2017-2018) Chairman (2007-2017) Chief Executive Officer (2006-2017) President (2004-2016) Current U.S.-listed company directorships Dow Inc. , a global materials science company (since 2015) Independent Lead Director Chair, Audit Committee Member, Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Member, Corporate Governance Committee Wells Fargo Company , a financial services company (since 2022) Chair, Governance and Nominating Committee Member, Risk Committee Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 30 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Julius Genachowski Former Chairman, U.S. Federal Communications Commission Key experiences, qualifications and skills Mr. Genachowski brings to the Board extensive regulatory and government experience, digital, technology and media expertise, information security insight, a global perspective and engagement with both consumer and enterprise companies through a career as a senior government official, senior business executive, investor and director at or with technology, media and communications companies. Mr. Genachowski also adds valuable financial knowledge through his experience in private equity at a large public operating company and on public company audit committees. Director since June 2014 Age at Annual Meeting 63 Board committees Audit (chairperson) Nominating and Corporate Governance Risk Professional experience The Carlyle Group , a global investment company Senior Advisor (since 2024) Partner and Managing Director (2014-2023) U.S. Federal Communications Commission , a federal agency responsible for implementing and enforcing U.S. communications law and regulations Chairman (2009-2013) IAC Inc. (formerly IAC/InterActiveCorp) , an internet, e-commerce and media company Member of Barry Diller s Office of the Chairman, Chief of Business Operations, General Counsel and other roles (1997-2005) Current U.S.-listed company directorships Mattel, Inc. , a multinational toy manufacturing and entertainment company (since 2024) Member, Audit Committee Member, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee Sonos, Inc. , an audio equipment manufacturer (since 2013) Chair of the Board Chair, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Member, Audit Committee Member, Compensation and People Committee Other current publicly listed company directorships Hexaware Technologies Limited , a global digital and technology services company (since 2021) Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 31 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Choon Phong Goh CEO, Singapore Airlines Limited Key experiences, qualifications and skills Mr. Goh brings to the Board strong consumer insight and global perspective as the CEO and longtime senior executive of a publicly traded multinational airline. His prior positions in finance and information technology contribute valuable information security experience and financial understanding. As CEO of an airline, Mr. Goh brings significant insight with respect to culture development and talent management. Director since April 2018 Age at Annual Meeting 62 Board committees Nominating and Corporate Governance Risk Professional experience Singapore Airlines Limited , a multinational airline Chief Executive Officer (since 2011) Executive Vice President, Marketing and the Regions (June 2010-December 2010) President of Singapore Airlines Cargo (2006-2010) Several executive positions (since 1990) International Air Transportation Association , a global airline trade association Member, Board of Governors (2011-2023) Chairman, Board of Governors (2017-2018) Current U.S.-listed company directorships None Other current publicly listed company directorships Singapore Airlines Limited (since 2010) SIA Engineering Company Limited , an aerospace company majority owned by Singapore Airlines Limited (since 2010) Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 32 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Oki Matsumoto Founder, Chairman and former CEO, Monex Group, Inc. Key experiences, qualifications and skills Mr. Matsumoto brings to the Board global perspective and extensive financial expertise as the founder, Chairman and former CEO of a Japan-based, publicly traded financial services holding company and former director of a stock exchange. His leadership of a global online securities brokerage firm provides valuable digital and innovation experience. As a former CEO, he brings significant insight with respect to culture development and talent management. Director since June 2016 Age at Annual Meeting 62 Board committees Human Resources and Compensation Professional experience Monex Group, Inc. , an online financial services holding company Founder, Chief Executive Officer and several other executive positions (1999-2023) Tokyo Stock Exchange , a Japanese stock exchange Outside Director (2008-2013) Financial Counsel to the Prime Minister of Japan , an advisory body supporting the Prime Minister on financial matters Member, Financial Counsel (1999-2000) Goldman Sachs , a multinational investment bank and financial services company General Partner and several other leadership positions (1990-1998) Current U.S.-listed company directorships Coincheck Group N.V. , a global holding company within the crypto exchange industry majority owned by Monex Group, Inc. (since 2024) Executive Chairman and Executive Director Other current publicly listed company directorships Monex Group, Inc. (since 1999) Chairman of the Board of Directors Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 33 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Michael Miebach President and CEO, Mastercard Key experiences, qualifications and skills Mr. Miebach brings to the Board extensive global payments experience. As CEO of Mastercard and a previous region president, he provides valuable perspective on engaging and partnering with regulators and customers, as well as experience with culture development and talent management. Mr. Miebach s prior experience as our Chief Product Officer provides strong consumer insights, as well as a deep focus on information security and innovation, including with digital payments technology. Director since January 2021 Age at Annual Meeting 58 Professional experience Mastercard Incorporated Chief Executive Officer and President (since January 2021) President (February 2020-December 2020) Chief Product Officer (2016-2020) President, Middle East and Africa (2010-2015) Barclays Bank PLC , a bank and global financial services provider Managing Director, Middle East and North Africa (2008-2010) Managing Director, Sub-Saharan Africa (2007-2008) Citigroup Inc. , a bank and global financial services provider Several executive positions in Germany, Austria, U.K. and Turkey (1994-2007) Current U.S.-listed company directorships International Business Machines Corporation , a technology and consulting company (since 2023) Member, Executive Compensation and Management Resources Committee Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 34 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Youngme Moon Donald K. David Professor of Business Administration, Harvard Business School Key experiences, qualifications and skills Professor Moon brings to the Board a deep understanding of strategy and innovation as a long-tenured professor at Harvard Business School. She brings strong global perspective and consumer experience based on her exposure to research at Harvard Business School. She contributes valuable insight through her extensive experience as a director at several retail and retail-centric consumer products companies. Director since June 2019 Age at Annual Meeting 62 Board committees Risk (chairperson) Human Resources and Compensation Professional experience Harvard Business School , a private university Donald K. David Professor of Business Administration (since 2008) Senior Associate Dean for Strategy and Innovation and the MBA Program (2010-2014) Associate Professor (2003-2007) Assistant Professor (1998-2003) Current U.S.-listed company directorships Warby Parker Inc. , an eyewear company (since 2018) Member, Compensation Committee Prior U.S.-listed company directorships (within past five years) Sweetgreen, Inc. , an American fast-casual restaurant chain (2016-2025) Unilever PLC , a British multinational consumer goods company (2016-2024) Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 35 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Gabrielle Sulzberger Senior Managing Director, Centerbridge Partners, L.P. and Senior Advisor, Teneo Key experiences, qualifications and skills Ms. Sulzberger brings to the Board extensive financial experience and insight as a senior advisor and former general partner of private equity firms, chief financial officer of several companies and a U.S. public company audit committee financial expert and former board chair. She contributes strong consumer insight, global perspective and corporate governance experience, as the former leader of a consulting firm s ESG advisory practice and as a former director at several publicly traded U.S. merchants, including as a former chair of a major merchant in the quality retail food business. Her experience as a chief financial officer provides a strong foundation for financial oversight, while her service on numerous public company boards contributes seasoned business judgment and corporate governance insight. Director since December 2018 Age at Annual Meeting 65 Board committees Audit Nominating and Corporate Governance Professional experience Centerbridge Partners, L.P. , a private investment firm Senior Managing Director (since 2024) Senior Advisor (2021-2024) Teneo , a global CEO advisory firm Senior Advisor (since 2024) Chair, Global ESG Advisory (2021-2024) TwoSigma Impact , a New York-based private equity fund Strategic Advisor (2020-2024) Fontis Partners, L.P. , a California-based private equity fund General Partner (2005-2018) Gluecode Software Inc. , an open-source software company Chief Financial Officer (2002-2005) Current U.S.-listed company directorships Eli Lilly and Company , a multinational pharmaceutical company (since 2021) Member, Audit Committee Member, Directors and Corporate Governance Committee Prior U.S.-listed company directorships (within past five years) Warby Parker Inc. , an eyewear company (2021-2024) Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. , a biopharmaceutical company (2019-2024) Brixmor Property Group Inc. , a real estate investment trust (2015-2021) Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 36 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Harit Talwar Former Partner, Goldman Sachs and former Global Head of Goldman Sachs Consumer Business Key experiences, qualifications and skills Mr. Talwar brings to the Board extensive senior-level global payments experience and consumer insight through his leadership roles in payments and consumer banking across Europe, India, the Middle East and North America and as a director on public and private company boards. This experience provides global perspective and regulatory insight. His experience leading complex business functions brings significant insight with respect to culture development and talent management. Over the course of his career, Mr. Talwar has overseen public company financial performance and operated within highly regulated environments, with extensive experience in financial oversight, internal controls and risk management. Director since April 2022 Age at Annual Meeting 65 Board committees Audit Human Resources and Compensation Professional experience Goldman, Sachs Co. , a multinational investment bank and financial services company Chairman of the Consumer Business (Marcus) (January 2021-December 2021) Global Head of the Consumer Business (Marus) (2015-2021) Discover Financial Services , a digital banking and payment services company President, U.S. Cards (2008-2015) Executive Vice President, Head of Payments (2004-2008) Morgan Stanley , a global financial services firm Head of Consumer Banking International (2000-2003) Current U.S.-listed company directorships Better Home Finance Holding Company , a digital-first homeownership company (since 2022) Chairman of the Board of Directors Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 37 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Lance Uggla Vice Chair, General Atlantic and Co-Founder, BeyondNetZero (a General Atlantic fund) Key experiences, qualifications and skills Mr. Uggla brings to the Board a global perspective as well as deep insight across data, technology and innovation as a former chairman and CEO of a publicly traded company that provides information, analytics and digital solutions to customers in business, finance and government. He provides extensive financial experience given his career within financial markets both as a former founder and CEO of an information and analytics company, as well as through executive management positions at global investment dealers. As the founder of a climate growth equity fund, Mr. Uggla contributes valuable sustainability perspective. His broad CEO service also brings significant insight with respect to culture development and talent management. Director since June 2019 Age at Annual Meeting 64 Board committees Human Resources and Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Professional experience General Atlantic , a leading global growth equity investor Vice Chair (since 2023) BeyondNetZero , the climate investing venture of General Atlantic s broader portfolio Co-Founder (since 2022) Chief Executive Officer (2022-2024) IHS Markit Ltd. (formerly Markit Ltd.) , a global information provider Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, IHS Markit Ltd. (2018-2022) President and Chief Operating Officer, IHS Markit Ltd. (2016-2017) Founder and several other executive positions, Markit Ltd. (2003-2016) Toronto-Dominion Securities , a multinational investment bank and financial services provider Several executive positions, including Vice Chairman and Head of Europe and Asia (1995-2003) Current U.S.-listed company directorships None Prior U.S.-listed company directorships (within past five years) IHS Markit Ltd. (2016-2022) Consumer C-suite experience Financial and risk Global perspective Human capital management Information security Payments Public company board experience Regulatory and governmental Strategy and business development Technology, digital and innovation Audit Committee financial expert 38 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board and committees Board of Directors 6 number of meetings in 2025 75%+ attendance Board and committee meetings 100% attendance 2025 annual meeting of stockholders Merit E. Janow Board Chairperson (since January 1, 2022) Board leadership structure Michael Miebach, our President and CEO, focuses on managing the company s operations and strategy while providing an important link between the Board s oversight and management of Mastercard s day-to-day operations. The Board believes its risk management processes are well-supported by the current Board leadership structure. The Board holds regularly scheduled meetings of independent directors in executive sessions without management present and may meet more frequently upon the request of any independent director. Our Board Chairperson, Ms. Janow, presides at these sessions. Director attendance at meetings During 2025, each director attended 75% or more of the meetings held by the Board and committees on which the member served during the period the member was on the Board or committee. We encourage directors to attend our Annual Meeting. All Board members attended our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Director business and region visits Our Board uses its meetings to gain firsthand understanding of the culture across regions, as well as the issues and challenges we face, and to learn how they tie into our strategic goals. This includes meeting periodically with senior managers throughout our global business, local/regional employees and external stakeholders, such as policymakers, government officials, industry experts and business leaders, and customers that are strategically important to our business. We have an independent Board Chairperson, Merit E. Janow. Ms. Janow was unanimously elected by the Board to the independent Board Chairperson role effective January 1, 2022 and previously served as our Lead Director. The role of the Board Chairperson is to provide governance and leadership to the Board, including helping to organize the Board s work and reviewing the information provided to our directors to enable them to effectively carry out their responsibilities. Ms. Janow s responsibilities as Board Chairperson include, among other things: Presiding over Board meetings and executive sessions of non-management and independent directors Overseeing the adequacy of information available to directors Coordinating feedback on issues discussed in executive session, as well as performance, to the CEO Facilitating effective communication between the Board and our stockholders, including by, among other things, presiding over the annual meeting and any special meetings of stockholders Working with the CEO and Corporate Secretary to set Board meeting agendas Providing advice and counsel to the CEO Given Ms. Janow s previous experience on our Board, knowledge of Mastercard and ability to provide independent oversight of management, the Board believes that having Ms. Janow as our independent Board Chairperson is currently in the best interests of Mastercard and its stockholders. Board committees The Board has standing Audit, Human Resources and Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Risk Committees, each of which operates under a written charter that is posted on our website, https://investor.mastercard.com/corporate-governance/board-committees/default.aspx. In January 2026, Julius Genachowski rotated from the Human Resources and Compensation Committee to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. For more information about Board responsibilities and functions, please see our Corporate Governance Guidelines posted on our website at https://investor.mastercard.com/corporate-governance/governance-guidelines/default.aspx. 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 39 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Audit Committee Julius Genachowski Chairperson Human Resources and Compensation Committee Richard K. Davis Chairperson Number of meetings in 2025 9 Other committee members: Candido Bracher Merit E. Janow Rima Qureshi* Gabrielle Sulzberger Harit Talwar Primary responsibilities The Audit Committee assists our Board in its oversight of: The quality and integrity of Mastercard s financial statements Mastercard s financial and operational risk exposures and its compliance with legal and regulatory requirements The qualifications, performance and independence of Mastercard s independent registered public accounting firm In coordination with the Risk Committee, risk assessment and risk management The performance of Mastercard s internal audit function The quality of Mastercard s internal controls For more information about Audit Committee responsibilities and actions, see Audit Committee report on pgs 103 - 105 . Independence Each committee member has been determined by the Board to qualify as independent under the independence criteria established by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). The Board also has determined that each committee member is financially literate within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. Audit Committee financial experts The Board has identified each of Ms. Sulzberger and Mr. Talwar as an Audit Committee financial expert under the applicable SEC rules based on their experience and qualifications. * Until the Annual Meeting, at which Ms. Qureshi will not stand for re-election Number of meetings in 2025 5 Other committee members: Oki Matsumoto Youngme Moon Harit Talwar Lance Uggla Primary responsibilities The HRCC is primarily responsible for: Ensuring Mastercard s compensation and benefit programs attract, retain and motivate employees Ensuring pay practices are consistent with our compensation strategy, regulatory requirements and the practices of similar companies Determining annual and long-term goals for Mastercard and ensuring compensation of the CEO and key executives is commensurate with level of performance Ensuring thoroughness of the executive succession planning process Providing direction to management on strategies with significant people and capabilities implications Independence Each committee member has been determined by the Board to qualify as independent under the independence criteria established by the SEC and the NYSE. Director compensation To learn more about how Mastercard considers and determines executive and non-employee director compensation, including the role of executive officers and the compensation consultant, see Compensation discussion and analysis beginning on pg 61 . 40 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Merit E. Janow Chairperson Risk Committee Youngme Moon Chairperson Number of meetings in 2025 5 Other committee members: Richard K. Davis Choon Phong Goh Gabrielle Sulzberger Lance Uggla Julius Genachowski (joined in January 2026) Primary responsibilities The NCG s responsibilities include: Identifying individuals qualified to become directors Recommending that the Board select the candidates for directorships to be filled by the Board or by the stockholders Developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance principles Overseeing the annual process for Board and committee self-evaluations Overseeing legal and public policy matters significant to Mastercard Taking a leadership role in shaping corporate governance of Mastercard Overseeing, in coordination with the other committees of the Board, as applicable, Mastercard s environmental, social and governance policies and programs, including those related to corporate responsibility, environmental stewardship and human rights Review of director commitments Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the NCG reviews on an annual basis directors time commitments. In addition, the NCG reviews the appropriateness of a director s continued service in the event of a material change in his or her other responsibilities. A director is also required to notify us in advance of accepting another public company board appointment. Directors service on public company boards is reviewed on an annual case-by-case basis by the NCG. Independence Each committee member has been determined by the Board to qualify as independent under the independence criteria established by the NYSE. Number of meetings in 2025 4 Other committee members: Candido Bracher Julius Genachowski Choon Phong Goh Merit E. Janow Rima Qureshi* Primary responsibilities The duties of the Risk Committee, in coordination with the Audit Committee, where appropriate, include: Reviewing Mastercard s risk management governance, framework and programs, including risk management culture and risk management function Reviewing Mastercard s guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, major strategic risk exposures and management s oversight of such exposures In consultation with the Audit Committee, overseeing risk relating to settlement and counterparty risk Overseeing the establishment, operation and annual refresh of our risk appetite statement and metrics and their alignment with our strategic, capital and financial plans and, where applicable, regulatory requirements and recommend approval of the risk appetite statement to the Board Overseeing risks relating to information security, inclusive of cybersecurity; enterprise resilience, inclusive of crisis management, operational and technology; privacy and data protection; regulatory affairs; franchise and competition (including digital disintermediation) Reviewing risks regarding the company s regulated activities In coordination with the Audit Committee, reviewing regulatory examination or independent auditor reports pertaining to matters within the Risk Committee s purview Independence Each committee member has been determined by the Board to qualify as independent under the independence criteria established by the NYSE. * Until the Annual Meeting, at which Ms. Qureshi will not stand for re- election 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 41 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board and committee evaluation The Board believes that an annual review of its performance is critical to ensuring its overall effectiveness. Each year, the Board and its committees undergo an evaluation to examine membership, composition, committee member and committee chairperson rotation, and overall board refreshment. Our evaluation process is designed to identify ways in which to enhance the performance of the Board and ensure that our directors have the right experiences and skills to execute our strategy. The NCG oversees the annual evaluation process for the Board and each of its committees, determining the format and framework, including whether to use a third-party facilitator. When we do not use a third-party facilitator, we utilize an individual director questionnaire to facilitate the annual self-evaluation of topics such as board and committee responsibilities and effectiveness, director contributions, and interactions between the Board and management. Our Board Chairperson/NCG Chairperson reviews the questionnaire results and shares them with each committee chairperson. Our Board Chairperson has conversations with individual Board members and organizes and summarizes the responses and recommendations for discussion with the Board. Each committee reviews its own assessment as well. 1 The NCG determines evaluation process format and considers possible enhancements, including whether to use a third-party facilitator. 2 If no facilitator is used, the NCG oversees the updated questionnaires to elicit relevant feedback on topics, including Board and committee performance, dynamics and structure. 3 Board Chairperson and committee chairpersons review, summarize and share results with the other directors. 4 Determinations are made as to action items to ensure the ongoing effectiveness of the Board and its committees. 42 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board risk oversight Our Board is responsible for understanding the issues and risks that are central to our success, establishing Mastercard s risk appetite and overseeing our risk management program, as well as our risk assessment and management processes. The Board recognizes the importance of effective risk oversight to the success of our business strategy and to the fulfillment of its fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders. The Board believes thoughtful risk-taking is a critical component of innovation and effective leadership. It also recognizes that imprudently accepting risk or failing to appropriately identify and mitigate risks could negatively impact our business and stockholder value. The Board seeks to foster a risk-aware culture by encouraging thoughtful risk-taking in pursuit of our objectives. The Board exercises this oversight both directly and indirectly through its standing committees, each of which is delegated responsibility for specific risks and keeps the Board informed of its oversight efforts through regular reports by each committee chairperson. In general, the Audit Committee and Risk Committee coordinate to oversee our guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The chart on the following page depicts the allocation of risk oversight responsibilities among our Board s committees. Management is accountable for day-to-day risk management efforts, including the creation of appropriate risk management programs and policies. Key risks are escalated up through management to Board-level committees and the full Board as appropriate. The Chief Risk Officer serves as the primary management liaison to the Board s Risk Committee and supports the Board in its oversight of risk governance, management and culture. The Chief Risk Officer also serves as the chairperson of our internal Executive Risk Committee, composed of senior executives and other risk functions who are charged with day-to-day oversight of risks within their business areas. The Executive Risk Committee is our senior most risk decision-making forum and oversees Mastercard s risk management framework and risk profile. The Board and committees risk oversight and management s ownership of risk are foundational components of our Enterprise Risk Management program, which is designed to provide comprehensive, integrated oversight and management of risk, as well as to facilitate transparent identification and reporting of key business issues to senior management, appropriate Board committees and the Board as a whole. Artificial intelligence oversight Our Board provides ongoing oversight of the company s approach to ethical, responsible and effective use of AI and data across the enterprise. We have implemented comprehensive generative AI guidelines to oversee the ethical and responsible use of AI. These guidelines are informed by our broader data and technology responsibility principles and are designed to evolve as technology, business needs and regulatory expectations change. Our Risk Committee receives periodic briefings from the Chief Privacy, AI Data Responsibility Officer. The entire Board receives regular updates on AI strategy from our Chief AI Data Officer, including reports regarding certain potential uses of generative AI and the development of generative AI governance principles. Our Board also receives insights on AI from external industry experts. Information security, privacy and data protection oversight Given the importance of information security and privacy to our stakeholders, our Board receives an annual report from our Chief Security Officer to discuss our program for managing information security risks, including cybersecurity and data security risks. Our Risk Committee also receives periodic briefings on data privacy from the Chief Privacy, AI Data Responsibility Officer. Our Risk Committee receives regular reports on our cyber readiness, our risk profile status, our cybersecurity programs, material cybersecurity risks and mitigation strategies, third-party assessments of our cybersecurity program and other cybersecurity developments. The Risk Committee Chairperson provides reports to the Board on such topics. Our Board and the Risk Committee also receive information about these topics as part of regular business, legal and regulatory updates. In addition, we engage directors as part of cybersecurity and data breach incident simulations. Further, we have protocols in place to timely inform the Audit Committee of a material cybersecurity incident that could have a potential impact on our financial statements. 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 43 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Our Board oversees major risks, including strategic, operational (including cybersecurity), legal and regulatory, financial and CEO succession planning risks. The Board s standing committees oversee delegated responsibilities for specific risks and other duties delegated by the Board. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Human Resources and Compensation Committee Audit Committee Risk Committee Governance structure and processes Legal and public policy matters significant to Mastercard In coordination with other committees, environmental, social and governance policies and programs Employee compensation policies and practices People and capabilities policies and practices, including those related to organizational engagement and effectiveness and employee development Non-executive director compensation policies and practices Executive succession planning Financial statement integrity and reporting Major financial and operational risk exposures Capital and liquidity risks Guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management Legal and compliance risks Internal controls Risk management governance, framework and programs, including risk appetite Major strategic risk exposures Information security, inclusive of cybersecurity, operational and technology, privacy and data protection risks Enterprise resilience, inclusive of crisis management Regulatory risks Franchise and competition (including digital disintermediation) risks In overseeing these risks, the Board gives consideration to our brand and reputation, as well as to our culture and conduct. Management The key risk responsibilities of our management team include: Executive Risk Committee s oversight of our risk management framework and risk profile Business units responsibilities in the first line of defense to effectively identify, escalate and manage risks incurred in the course of doing business Second line of defense functions responsibility to design a risk framework, including setting boundaries and managing risk appetite Internal audit s responsibility to provide independent assurance on design and effectiveness of internal controls and governance processes 44 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The key processes by which the Board and its committees oversee risk are as follows: Board. The Board exercises its direct oversight responsibility by meeting, at least annually, with management to discuss risk management processes and to assess the major risks impacting Mastercard. The Board also considers management s risk analyses as it evaluates Mastercard s business strategy. Throughout the year, the Board and designated committees dedicate a portion of their regularly scheduled meetings to review and discuss specific risks in detail, including through the use of hypothetical risk scenarios and incident simulations. Strategic and operational risks are presented to and discussed with the Board and its committees by management, including the Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Audit Executive. Audit Committee. The Audit Committee oversees risk management policies and processes by periodically meeting with management, the Chief Audit Executive and our independent registered public accounting firm for discussions regarding risk. The Audit Committee coordinates with the Risk Committee in its risk management oversight responsibilities. The Audit Committee reviews updates on significant legal and regulatory matters. In addition to the Chief Audit Executive, the Chief Compliance Officer has functional reporting to the committee. The Audit Committee reviews the status of our internal controls and approves internal and external audit plans based on a risk-based methodology and evaluation. The Audit Committee oversees risk relating to the financial statements and financial reporting and controls, including capital and liquidity; internal controls; legal and compliance risks; operational and technology risks; third-party risks; and such other risks that the Board shall from time to time determine. Human Resources and Compensation Committee. W hen establishing compensation program elements, making awards and determining final payouts for incentive compensation, the HRCC considers the relationship of Mastercard s risk oversight to compensation policies and practices for all employees and non-executive officers, including whether our compensation programs create or encourage excessive risk-taking that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. We further discuss the HRCC s assessment of risk under Executive compensation Compensation discussion and analysis Risk assessment on pg 81 . Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The NCG oversees risks by meeting periodically throughout the year to proactively consider and address key governance matters, including board refreshment and evaluation of performance; environmental, social and governance policies and programs; and legal and public policy matters that could have a significant impact on Mastercard. Risk Committee. The Risk Committee, in coordination with the Audit Committee, oversees risk assessment and risk management of Mastercard. It reviews with management matters relating to the policies, practices and outcomes of Mastercard that relate to risk management. In particular, the Risk Committee oversees Mastercard s enterprise risk management program and focuses on major strategic risks facing Mastercard and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. The Risk Committee reviews Mastercard s risk management framework and programs used by management in its discussions of our risk profile and risk exposures with the Board, including reviewing how effectively management is maintaining an appropriate risk management culture and the effectiveness of Mastercard s risk management function. The Risk Committee is provided with an information security update and reviews periodic risk reports regarding the regulated activities of Mastercard and our business units and has the right to periodically request that the business units provide relevant risk information to the Risk Committee. The Risk Committee also oversees risks relating to enterprise resilience, inclusive of crisis management, operations and technology, privacy and data protection, regulatory affairs, franchise and competition (including digital disintermediation). 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 45 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our corporate governance practices Our robust corporate governance practices and policies align with our strategic objectives and result in effective, independent oversight. Board practices include: Oversight of long-term, key strategies Frequent executive sessions of independent directors Continuous assessment of Board refreshment Oversight of risk management practices central to the company s success Continuing director education, including education regarding cybersecurity in 2025 Independent Board Chairperson Active engagement in managing talent and long-term succession planning 10 of 11 independent director nominees Board policies include: Annual election of directors Majority voting standard for director elections Stockholders right to call special meetings (15% threshold) Proxy access Stock ownership guidelines for directors Limit of four publicly traded companies on which our directors may serve NCG annual review of director time commitments NCG review of material changes in a director s other responsibilities Annual Board and committee self-evaluations We encourage you to visit the Corporate Governance area of the Investor Relations page of our website, where you will find our key documents, policies and additional information about corporate governance at Mastercard. 46 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Doing well by doing good Our approach of doing well by doing good at Mastercard is driven from the top by our Board and CEO and is embedded at every level of our organization. Board of Directors The Board oversees our impact strategy, including environmental, social and governance related matters. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Audit Committee Risk Committee Human Resources and Compensation Committee Oversees, in coordination with other committees of the Board, as applicable, the company s environmental, social and governance policies and programs, including those related to: Corporate responsibility Environmental stewardship Human rights Public policy activities Oversees financial and operational risk exposures and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and disclosures, including: Tax practices Compliance with Code of Conduct In coordination with Audit Committee, oversees risk assessment and risk management, including: Enterprise risk management Privacy, data responsibility and information security Reviews people and culture strategy, including: Compensation and benefits frameworks Key human resources policies and practices, including those related to organizational effectiveness and employee development programs Management Under the Board's oversight, the Management Committee implements the company's strategic direction, including our impact strategy and related matters. The Management Committee consists of our Executive Leadership Team and additional members of management. Members of our management team report regularly to the Board and its relevant committees. Our senior management works together to assess and manage our efforts across the organization. The executive-level Impact Steering Committee, made up of leaders from each of our business units and managed by the Chief Sustainability Officer, meets approximately quarterly to review impact-related performance, provide strategic direction and support company-wide alignment. The Chief Sustainability Officer is tasked with developing impact goals in coordination with the business units and working with them to leverage impact as an enterprise-wide driver of growth. The Chief Sustainability Officer reports to the President of the Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth Executive Vice President of Sustainability, who is on the Management Committee. The President of the Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth Executive Vice President of Sustainability reports to the Vice Chairman and President of Strategic Growth, who is on the Management Committee and is an Executive Leadership Team member, reporting directly to the CEO. For more information, please see our website at https://www.mastercard.com/us/en/for-the-world/corporate-impact.html. Our impact report on these matters is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this proxy statement. 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 47 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our engagement and transparency Engaged with stockholders representing ~2/3 of Total * ~90% of Top 100 * * Percent of shares owned by stockholders in representative groups and for the fiscal year (FY) 2025 We recognize the benefits of regular engagement with our stockholders and other stakeholders in order to understand their different perspectives on matters that affect the company, as well as discuss details of our strategy and performance. Our Investor Relations team, in tandem with members of the Executive Leadership Team and the Board, maintains consistent stockholder engagement year-round. We have a commitment to transparency . Our disclosures address critical matters of interest to our stakeholders. Who engages Who we engage How we engage Topics of engagement Executive Leadership Team Board, where appropriate Investor Relations Corporate Secretary s Office Stockholders Sell-side analysts Proxy advisory firms Sustainability rating firms Rating agencies Regulators Lending institutions Annual Meeting of Stockholders Our website Investor calls meetings Road shows investor days Conference participation Various reporting and disclosures Board refreshment Business strategy and performance Compensation practices Data privacy Environmental and social impact Feedback on initiatives, disclosures and proposals relating to our Annual Meeting Governance Regulatory and policy Risk oversight Talent and culture Engagement with stockholders and other stakeholders provides valuable input on topics of interest and allows us to provide key updates. Feedback is regularly consolidated and provided to the Board. The Board also receives periodic updates from our Investor Relations team, which includes an annual investor relations report. This input helps us plan for the future. We evaluate and respond as appropriate, including through actions and disclosures or as part of our broader strategy, all within the broader landscape of our goals and priorities. 48 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Other corporate governance matters Political activity and spending We are committed to engaging appropriately in the political process and policy arena in a manner that informs and affects the debate concerning issues related to our business, investors and customers. We strive to engage on these issues in the most responsible and ethical way. Any such activities in which we engage are based solely upon the best interests of Mastercard and are made without regard to the private political preferences of our officers and/or executives. We provide additional disclosure on our political activity and spending on our website, which is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this proxy statement. Code of Conduct and Supplemental Code of Ethics We have a written Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors, executive officers and employees and provides a statement of Mastercard s policies and procedures for conducting business legally and ethically. In addition, Mastercard has adopted a written Supplemental Code of Ethics that applies only to the CEO, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and certain other senior officers. We will promptly disclose, if required by applicable laws, any amendment to, or waiver from, our Code of Conduct or Supplemental Code of Ethics granted to directors or executive officers by timely posting such information on our website. Where to find our Code of Conduct and Supplemental Code of Ethics Go to our website at https://investor.mastercard.com/corporate-governance/policies-and-reports/default.aspx Request copies (free of charge) by writing to: Office of the Corporate Secretary 2000 Purchase Street Purchase, NY 10577 Attention: Corporate Secretary Hedging/pledging prohibitions We prohibit engaging in short-term or speculative investment activity related to Mastercard securities, holding Mastercard securities in a margin account (unless arrangements are made to cover any margin calls in cash), pledging (or hypothecating) Mastercard securities as collateral for a loan, and trading activity that is designed to hedge or offset against decreases in the value of our securities. Insider trading policies and procedures We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale and/or other dispositions of Mastercard securities applicable to our directors, officers, employees, contingent workers and consultants. We believe these processes and procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the NYSE listing standards. Our Insider Trading Policy was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our 2025 Form 10-K. In addition, with regard to Mastercard trading in our own securities, it is our policy to comply with the federal securities laws and the applicable exchange listing requirements. 2026 MASTERCARD PROXY 49 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Communicating with the Board Stockholders and other interested parties may contact any or all Board members 