=== EQR_2026-04-14.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A 0000906107 false DEF 14A 0000906107 2021-01-01 2023-12-31 0000906107 2021-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 2021-01-01 2022-12-31 0000906107 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000906107 6 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 eqr:DeductionsFromSCTTotalReportedInShareAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 eqr:ExcludingMrMcLeodMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 eqr:DeductionsFromSCTTotalReportedInOptionAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember eqr:DeductionsFromSCTTotalReportedInOptionAwardsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 eqr:DeductionsFromSCTTotalReportedInShareAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 2021-01-01 2024-12-31 0000906107 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000906107 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000906107 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000906107 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 EQUITY RESIDENTIAL (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Meeting Information Date Time: Thursday, June 18, 2026 8:00 a.m., Central Time Location: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com /EQR2026 Record Date: March 31, 2026 Close of Business For more information, see page 80 April 14, 2026 Dear Fellow Shareholders, You are cordially invited to attend Equity Residential s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ), at which time shareholders of record will be asked to: Elect ten trustees, each to serve until our 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and until his or her respective successor is duly elected and qualified; Ratify our selection of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; Approve our executive compensation on a non-binding, advisory basis; and Consider any other business properly brought before the meeting and any postponement or adjournment thereof. The Annual Meeting will be conducted completely in a virtual meeting format, via live audio webcast. You can access the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EQR2026 beginning at 7:45 a.m. Central Time using the 16-digit control number which appears on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials. Authenticated shareholders will be able to vote and submit questions online during the meeting via the Annual Meeting website. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you attend the meeting, we urge you to vote as soon as possible. You can cast your vote one of the following ways: By Phone: Call 1-800-690-6903 By Mail: Sign and date your proxy card and return it promptly in the enclosed postage-paid envelope By Internet: Go to www.proxyvote.com For more information on how to vote, see "Information About the Annual Meeting." Our Board of Trustees values your opinion as a shareholder and appreciates your continued support of Equity Residential. Sincerely, Mark J. Parrell President and Chief Executive Officer Scott J. Fenster Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Table of Contents Table of Contents SUMMARY OF MATTERS FOR COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 54 SHAREHOLDER VOTING 1 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 55 2025 HIGHLIGHTS 2 Summary Compensation Table 55 OUR PURPOSE AND COMMITMENT TO Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 57 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY 5 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2025 58 Company Purpose 5 Option Exercises and Shares Vested During 2025 59 Corporate Responsibility 5 Pension Benefits 59 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 59 GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY 6 Potential Payments Upon Termination of Corporate Governance Highlights 6 Employment or Change in Control 60 Board of Trustees 7 CEO Pay Ratio 65 Share Ownership Guidelines 14 Pay Versus Performance 66 Securities Trading Policy and Prohibition against Hedging and Pledging of Company TRUSTEE COMPENSATION 71 Equity Securities 15 Political Contributions Policy 15 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 74 Shareholder Right to Amend Bylaws 15 Shareholder Engagement 16 MATTERS FOR SHAREHOLDER VOTING 75 Board Composition and Trustee Nomination Proposal 1 Election of Trustees 75 Procedures 16 Proposal 2 Ratification of Selection of the Biographical Information and Qualifications of Trustees 19 Company's Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 77 Biographical Information of Executives 26 Proposal 3 Approval of Executive Compensation 79 COMMON SHARE OWNERSHIP OF TRUSTEES AND EXECUTIVES 29 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING 80 COMMON SHARE OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS MISCELLANEOUS 83 30 SUPPLEMENTAL APPENDIX 85 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 31 Executive Compensation Program 32 2025 Performance and Compensation 36 Final Results of the 2023-2025 LTI Plan Alignment of Pay and Performance 47 Benchmarking 51 Compensation Clawback Policy 52 Policies and Practices Related to the Timing of Certain Equity Awards 53 Equity Residential i 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy Statement This Proxy Statement and related proxy materials are being made available to shareholders of Equity Residential ( Equity Residential or the Company ) on or about April 16, 2026 in connection with the solicitation by our Board of Trustees (the Board ) of proxies to be voted at the Company s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) to be held on Thursday, June 18, 2026 at 8:00 a.m., Central Time. The Annual Meeting will be conducted completely in a virtual meeting format, via live audio webcast. The Annual Meeting can be accessed by shareholders at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EQR2026. Summary of Matters for Shareholder Voting At this year s Annual Meeting, we are asking our shareholders to vote on the following matters: Proposal 1: Election of Trustees The Board recommends a vote FOR the election of the following nominees for trustee: Mark J. Parrell, Angela M. Aman, Chris Carr, Mary Kay Haben, Ann C. Hoff, Tahsinul Zia Huque, Nina P. Jones, David J. Neithercut, Mark S. Shapiro and Stephen E. Sterrett. Proposal 2: Ratification of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. Proposal 3: Advisory Approval of Executive Compensation The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. Table of Contents 2025 Hig hlights In 2025, we continued our long track record of creating value through sound capital allocation, focused and proactive revenue generation and expense management while maintaining a conservative balance sheet and taking corporate responsibility into account. Capital Allocation* Efficiently navigated the investment markets, including the disposition of approximately $1.1 billion of older or lower returning apartment properties at a weighted average Disposition Yield of 5.4% that funded the acquisition of approximately $636.8 million of apartment properties located in the Company's Expansion Markets at a weighted average Acquisition Cap Rate of 5.1% and a discount to replacement cost, furthering the Company's diversification goals with minimal earnings dilution. Substantially completed construction on three projects, totaling approximately $439.0 million of development costs, which the Company expects to yield a weighted average stabilized capitalization rate of approximately 5.9% and estimates are currently valued approximately 10% above development costs. Invested approximately $277.5 million in Capital Expenditures to Real Estate for Residential Same Store Properties in 2025, approximately 39% of which was NOI-Enhancing and represented Renovation Expenditures for 2,732 same store apartment units in addition to sustainability, property-level technology and ADU spend. The Company expects these NOI-Enhancing activities to generate high single to double digit returns on investment, depending on the nature of the activity. Executed an accretive capital allocation strategy while maintaining the Company's liquidity, scale and balance sheet strength by using net disposition proceeds to acquire approximately 4.8 million of the Company's common shares, which constituted over 1% of the Company's outstanding shares just prior to beginning repurchases in August 2025, at a weighted average purchase price of $62.03 per share, which the Company believes is a substantial discount to the Company's net asset value ("NAV"), for an aggregate purchased amount of approximately $300.0 million in 2025 and just subsequent to the end of 2025. *See the Supplemental Appendix beginning on page 85 for definitions of capitalized terms. Equity Residential 2 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents 2025 Highlights Operational* Reported same store Turnover of 40.2% for the full year of 2025, the lowest in the Company's history, which the Company believes demonstrates the depth of demand from its residents and how much they enjoy living in the Company's communities. Produced earnings per share ("EPS") of $2.94, Funds from Operations ("FFO") of $3.94 per share and Normalized FFO of $3.99 per share for the full year of 2025, representing 8.1%, 4.8% and 2.6% year-over-year growth, respectively. Increased same store revenue and Same Store NOI by 2.6% and 2.2%, respectively, for the full year of 2025, which, together with Normalized FFO growth, represents top-quartile performance amongst the Company's apartment peers on a December 2025 year-to-date basis. Reported a modest 3.7% increase in same store expenses for the full year of 2025, reflecting the Company s continued success in managing controllable expenses as well as limited real estate tax growth. Drove revenue performance through strong renewal gains enabled by disciplined pricing execution and advanced data science. Generated incremental NOI and margin support through continued expense management and strategic operating initiatives, including the rollout of our bulk Wi-Fi connectivity platform and technology-enabled efficiencies. Financial Issued $500.0 million in 7-year unsecured debt with a 4.95% coupon and an all-in effective yield of 5.23%. Enhanced our balance sheet, liquidity and financial flexibility by entering into a new $2.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. 2.6% increase in dividend rate year-over-year, reflecting the strength of the Company's business. Through its common share repurchases and dividend payments, the Company returned approximately $1.38 billion to shareholders in 2025 and early 2026. *See the Supplemental Appendix beginning on page 85 for definitions of capitalized terms and additional details, including reconciliations of EPS to FFO per share and Normalized FFO per share. Equity Residential 3 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents 2025 Highlights Sustainability/Corporate Responsibility With a 20.2% reduction in energy intensity across our operations, met our goal of a 20% reduction by 2030, several years ahead of schedule. Earned membership in the S P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2025, a distinction achieved by only 10% of Corporate Sustainability Assessment participants. Included in both the Dow Jones Best-in-Class World and North America Indices, the first residential real estate investment trust ("REIT") to receive this distinction and one of only four U.S. REITs to be included in both indices. Recognized by Newsweek as one of America s Most Responsible Companies for the seventh consecutive year. Named one of Sustainalytics Top-Rated ESG Companies, recognized as Regional Top Rated for 2025. Together with its foundation, donated approximately $573,000 to charitable causes in 2025, for a cumulative total of $2.7 million in donations and in-kind contributions, keeping us on track with our $4 million donation goal by 2030. Received a score of (i) 85% on survey questions measuring employee perception of the Company's commitment and accountability with respect to inclusion and (ii) 87% on employee engagement, the highest in the Company's history and placing the Company considerably above the average scores of the Perceptyx 2024 Overall Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging Index Benchmark of 77% and the Perceptyx 2024 Overall Engagement Index Benchmark of 80%, respectively. Equity Residential 4 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Our Purpose and Commitment to Corporate Responsibility Company Purpose Equity Residential is committed to creating communities where people thrive . This is our corporate purpose, and we carry it through our relationships with our customers, our employees, our shareholders and the communities in which we operate. It drives our dedication to sustainability, inclusion and the total wellbeing of our employees, as well as being a responsible corporate citizen in the communities in which we do business. Corporate Responsibility Consistent with our Company s corporate purpose, our Board is committed to the integration of corporate responsibility in all aspects of the Company s business. The Board understands that corporate responsibility requires a comprehensive approach, considering environmental impacts, resilience risks and community relationships, including those with residents, employees and shareholders. All members of our executive management team are evaluated and compensated, in part, on their advancement of corporate responsibility factors, as further described below. The Board reviews and approves the Company's corporate responsibility strategy, including the sustainability strategy, and the Corporate Governance Committee of the Board provides day-to-day oversight of the Company s corporate responsibility activities. At the corporate level, the Company s executive-level corporate responsibility steering committee oversees our corporate responsibility strategy and goals and reports to the Board, and the Company s cross-functional corporate responsibility working group manages progress on our strategy and directs communications between our functional material topic owners and the steering committee. For additional information on the Company s corporate responsibility policies, goals and achievements, please see the Company s 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report and the other information set forth in the Corporate Responsibility section in the Investor portion of the Company s website at www.equityapartments.com. Neither the 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report nor the other information contained on the Company's website is part of or incorporated into this Proxy Statement. Equity Residential 5 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Corporate Gov ernance Highlights The Company is dedicated to establishing and maintaining high standards of corporate governance. The Board has implemented many corporate governance measures over the years designed to serve the interests of our shareholders and further align the interests of trustees and management with those of our shareholders. The following are some of the Company s governance highlights: 8 of 10 Trustee Nominees are Independent Annual Election of Trustees by Majority Voting Independent Lead Trustee Independent Board Committees Separate Chairman CEO Trustee Executive Sessions without Management Risk Oversight by Board and Committees Authority for Board to retain outside advisors Annual Rigorous Board Evaluation Process Ongoing Board Refreshment Process Ongoing Executive Succession Planning No Employment Agreements with Executives Executive Compensation Driven by Objective Pay for Performance Philosophy Active Shareholder Engagement No Shareholder Rights Plan Bylaws include Proxy Access Nominating Provisions and Shareholder Right to Amend Bylaws Annual Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI")-indexed corporate responsibility reporting Disclosure of Political Contributions Policy and related expenditures Internal Disclosure Committee for Financial Reporting Meaningful Share Ownership Guidelines for Trustees and Executives Double-trigger equity compensation vesting in the event of a change in control under the Share Incentive Plan (defined below) Clawback policy for incentive-based executive compensation Prohibition against hedging of Company shares Prohibition against pledging of Company shares for Trustees and Executives 40% of Trustee Nominees identify as women; all key Committee chairs identify as women 20% of Trustee Nominees identify as racially/ethnically diverse KEY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS Please visit the Company s website at www.equityapartments.com in the Investor section under Corporate Governance or Corporate Responsibility to view the following documents and other corporate policies: Declaration of Trust Political Contributions Policy Bylaws Executive Compensation Clawback Policy Committee Charters Securities Trading Policy Corporate Governance Guidelines Corporate Responsibility Report Code of Ethics and Business Conduct These documents are also available free of charge by writing to Equity Residential, Two North Riverside Plaza, Suite 500, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attn: Corporate Secretary or by contacting Investor Relations by phone (1-888-879-6356) or e-mail (investorrelations@eqr.com). No information contained on the Company s website is part of or incorporated into this Proxy Statement. Equity Residential 6 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Board of Trustees Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of the Board of Trustees. Members of the Board are kept informed of the Company s business through discussions with the Chairman, the Lead Trustee, the Chief Executive Officer and other officers, by reviewing materials provided to them and by participating in meetings of the Board and its committees as well as through the tours and presentations described below. Board members have complete access to the Company s management team and our independent registered public accounting firm. The Board s Role in Overseeing Corporate Strategy for Long-Term Value Creation The Board is deeply involved in the development and oversight of the Company s long-term strategy: to invest in apartment properties located in strategically targeted markets with the goal of generating consistent, durable and superior risk-adjusted total returns by balancing current cash flow generation with long-term capital appreciation. The Board routinely engages with Company management on the components of this strategy, such as identification of markets, renter preferences, economic, regulatory and political risks, operating focus, use of technology, allocation of capital, employee engagement and the management of corporate responsibility risks and opportunities that affect the Company s business and the communities within which the Company conducts business. Market Visits and Trustee Education To stay connected with local aspects of Company strategy, the Board typically conducts at least one of its regularly scheduled quarterly meetings each year in one of the Company s markets. At these market-focused meetings, the Board visits apartment communities owned by the Company, with opportunities to engage with and receive presentations from local employees. The Board also tours the market in general to investigate market risk factors, including growth trends, employment levels, environmental, climate and resiliency factors, regulatory issues and other important aspects of Company strategy. The Board s opportunity to engage with local employees also ensures that the Board remains deeply connected to the Company s culture. The Board's 2025 market meeting was held in Dallas, Texas. The trustees toured the Company's Remy and Kia Ora Park properties and received presentations from local management on investment, operating and development conditions in the Dallas market. In addition to market visits, many regular quarterly Board meetings include educational briefings from management regarding a wide variety of strategic initiatives, ranging from technology initiatives and cybersecurity projects to investment policies, customer and marketing activities, human capital initiatives and more, and from outside subject matter experts regarding topics such as the political landscape and the regulatory environment. The Company also provides an orientation program for new trustees, which includes an overview of duties and our corporate governance policies, opportunities to take tours of Company properties, as well as one-on-one sessions with each member of executive management on the Company s strategy and industry. Please see the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on February 13, 2026 for a detailed discussion of the Company s strategy, aspects of which are reviewed by the Board at every quarterly meeting. Board Leadership Structure Since the Company s initial public offering in 1993, we have separated the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. David J. Neithercut, our former Chief Executive Officer, has served as Chairman since May 2023. See page 21 for biographical information regarding Mr. Neithercut. As our Chairman, Mr. Neithercut presides over meetings of the Board, stewards the Company, counsels senior management regarding strategy and provides them with a network of resources across the industry. Equity Residential 7 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Mark J. Parrell, our President and CEO, sets the strategic direction for the Company under the direction of the Board, is responsible for the day-to-day leadership and performance of the Company and sets the agenda for Board meetings in consultation with the Chairman and our independent Lead Trustee. See page 21 for biographical information regarding Mr. Parrell. We believe the Company is well-served by our current leadership structure. Lead Trustee Stephen E. Sterrett has been the Company s Lead Trustee since June 2020. See page 25 for biographical information regarding Mr. Sterrett. Duties as Lead Trustee include: Engaging in consistent and regular communication with the CEO regarding the Board s risk oversight responsibilities Ensuring that the Board performs its annual evaluation of the CEO s performance Determining the appropriate means for the Board evaluation process jointly with the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee Presiding at all executive sessions of independent trustees and any Board meetings in the unlikely event the Chairman is not present Serving as liaison jointly with the Chairman between shareholders and the Board Serving as liaison between the Chairman and the other trustees Participating with the Chairman and CEO in planning and setting agendas for Board meetings Determining with the Chairman and CEO the necessary information trustees should receive regarding matters to be discussed at Board meetings Meetings In 2025, the Board held six meetings, with 97% average attendance. No trustee nominees attended fewer than 91% of the total number of meetings held by the Board and all committees of the Board on which such trustee served. Nine trustees attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Board members are expected to attend all meetings of the Board and committees of which they are members, as further described in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. Executive Sessions Pursuant to the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the non-employee trustees of the Board meet in regularly scheduled executive sessions without management. The independent trustees also meet in executive session at least once a year. In 2025, the non-employee trustees held four executive sessions, and the independent trustees held one executive session. Board Independence and Consultants The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines require that a majority of its trustees be independent within the meaning of The New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) listing standards, and 80% of the trustees nominated herein are independent. The Board and each of the key committees Audit, Compensation and Corporate Governance also have authority to retain, at the Company s expense, outside counsel, consultants or other advisors in the performance of their duties. Equity Residential 8 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Board Committees The Board has key standing Audit, Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees, which are comprised entirely of trustees who meet the independence and, with respect to the Audit Committee, the financial literacy requirements of the NYSE listing standards. The Board also has an Executive Committee. The current members of these committees, the principal responsibilities of each committee and the number of meetings held in 2025 are described below. For a discussion regarding the allocation of risk oversight among the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance Committee, see The Board s Role in Risk Oversight below. AUDIT COMMITTEE Key Responsibilities Provides assistance to the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities with respect to oversight of the integrity of the Company s financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, performance and independence and the performance of the Company s internal audit function Appoints and replaces the independent registered public accounting firm, which reports directly to the Audit Committee, approves the engagement fees of the independent registered public accounting firm and pre-approves the audit services and any permitted non-audit services provided to the Company Reviews the scope of audits as well as the annual audit plan Evaluates matters relating to the audit, including critical audit matters (CAMs), and internal controls of the Company Reviews and approves all related party transactions Reviews the Company s enterprise risk management program Oversees the Company s day-to-day cybersecurity, data privacy and other information technology ("IT") risks, strategies to protect the Company s assets, business systems and information and to respond to incidents, and processes designed to prevent unauthorized access to the Company's assets, IT systems, business systems, networks and information The Company s internal audit officer reports to the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee reviews and approves the internal audit annual work plan. The Audit Committee holds separate executive sessions, outside the presence of senior management, with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the Company s internal audit officer. No member of the Audit Committee served on more than one other public company audit committees during 2025. Members Angela M. Aman, Chair* Linda Walker Bynoe*,** Chris Carr Ann C. Hoff Nina P. Jones* Stephen E. Sterrett* *Audit Committee Financial Expert under NYSE listing standards and SEC rules **Retiring as of the Annual Meeting Number of Meetings in 2025: 8 Equity Residential 9 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Key Responsibilities Reviews the Company s general compensation philosophy Oversees the Company s compensation programs and practices, including incentive and equity-based compensation plans, and reviews and approves executive compensation plans in light of corporate, business unit and individual goals and objectives Evaluates the performance of the CEO in light of the above criteria and, together with the other independent trustees, approves the CEO s compensation level based on such evaluation Reviews and approves the CEO s evaluation of the performance of executives reporting to him before approving their compensation Reviews compensation, bonuses and other related benefits and policies for Company employees Oversees the Company s executive succession and development plans Oversees the Company s policies and strategies related to talent management Administers the Company's incentive-based executive compensation clawback policy The Compensation Committee may form subcommittees consisting of at least two members for any purpose that the Compensation Committee deems appropriate and may delegate to such subcommittees such authority as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, provided that the Compensation Committee may not delegate to a subcommittee any authority required by any law, regulation or listing standard to be exercised by the Compensation Committee as a whole. Members Mary Kay Haben, Chair Ann C. Hoff Tahsinul Zia Huque Mark S. Shapiro Stephen E. Sterrett Number of Meetings in 2025: 5 Equity Residential 10 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Key Responsibilities Establishes criteria for recommending candidates for election or reelection to the Board and its committees, considering issues and making recommendations concerning the size, composition, organization and effectiveness of the Board Establishes and oversees procedures for the annual assessment of Board, committee and trustee performance Evaluates issues of corporate governance and shareholder proposals relating to governance matters and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the Company s governance policies and practices, including its Corporate Governance Guidelines Reviews and approves the Company s annual corporate responsibility report and provides oversight of the Company s overall corporate responsibility strategy Reviews the Company's political spending and charitable contribution policies and practices Identifies individuals qualified to become Board members and considers nominees for trustee suggested by shareholders in written submissions to the Company s Corporate Secretary as further described in Board Composition and Trustee Nomination Procedures below Members Nina P. Jones, Chair Linda Walker Bynoe* Chris Carr Mary Kay Haben Tahsinul Zia Huque Mark S. Shapiro *Retiring as of the Annual Meeting Number of Meetings in 2025: 4 EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Key Responsibilities Has authority to approve proposals to acquire, develop, dispose of and finance investments for the Company up to certain dollar amount thresholds, with transactions in excess of these dollar amount thresholds requiring approval by the full Board Members David J. Neithercut, Chair Mark J. Parrell Angela M. Aman Stephen E. Sterrett Number of Meetings in 2025: 0 Equity Residential 11 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company The Board s Role in Risk Oversight While risk management is primarily the responsibility of management, the Board provides overall risk oversight, both directly and through its committees, to identify, assess and prioritize the major risks the Company faces and the policies and procedures for monitoring and controlling such risks. In addition, the Board reviews and sets certain strategies and policies related to risks overseen by the Board's committees on a day-to-day basis, including the Company's sustainability, talent management and cybersecurity strategies. Further, the Lead Trustee engages in consistent and regular communication with the CEO regarding the Board's risk oversight responsibilities. Board of TRUSTEES Reviews Company strategies and policies related to risks overseen by the Board's committees. Reviews market selection and capital allocation. Reviews political and regulatory risks. Audit Committee Compensation Committee Corporate Governance Committee Reviews financial, accounting, tax and internal control risks, in accordance with NYSE requirements. Responsible for the Company s enterprise risk management efforts, including insurance programs, and Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. Oversees day-to-day data privacy and cyber-related risks faced by the Company. Responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to the Company s leadership, management succession planning, talent management and compensation philosophy and programs. Responsible for ensuring that the Board has the right mix of skills and experience to perform all of its duties, including its overall risk oversight function. Reviews the Company s corporate responsibility risks. Management Day-to-day identification and management of risks. Each of these committees also meets with and reviews material from management and internal audit (as applicable) and reports to the Board, thereby keeping the entire Board fully informed and in a position to administer its overall risk management oversight responsibilities. All committee materials from management are generally made available to all trustees, not just those who serve on the applicable committee, and all trustees are invited to attend all committee meetings. In addition, at regularly scheduled Board meetings, the Board reviews key matters relating to the Company s finances, liquidity, operations and investment activity. Furthermore, Equity Residential 12 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company education sessions relating to risk management topics are regularly provided at the Board meetings by internal and/or external subject matter experts. Cybersecurity The Audit Committee oversees our annual enterprise risk management assessment, where we assess key risks within the Company, including security and technology risks and cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee oversees our ongoing cybersecurity risk management efforts and regularly receives detailed reports from representatives of our IT Security Team addressing a wide range of related topics. At least annually, our IT leadership (and external cybersecurity experts if applicable) reviews key cybersecurity strategies and policies with the full Board, including risk assessments, mitigation strategies, areas of emerging risks, incidents and industry trends and other areas of importance. Assessment of Board Performance and Board Processes Recognizing the importance of a rigorous evaluation process to allow boards to assess their performance and identify and address any potential gaps in the boardroom, the Board conducts an annual assessment of the performance of the full Board, individual Board members and Board committees. The Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee (the "Governance Chair") with input from the full Corporate Governance Committee, together with the Lead Trustee, are responsible for determining the appropriate means for the evaluation process, including whether to engage a third-party firm, which takes place in advance of the annual consideration of trustee nominees. For the 2025 assessment, the Governance Chair issued a confidential survey to each trustee to solicit their feedback on Board, committee and individual trustee performance. In addition, the Governance Chair sought and received feedback from Mr. Parrell on the executive team's interactions with the Board and individual trustees. Following that, the Governance Chair shared with each trustee individually his or her own evaluation and provided the full Board with feedback on the Board and its committees. The Lead Trustee issued a confidential survey to each trustee to solicit their evaluation of the Governance Chair's performance and provided the Governance Chair with feedback on performance. The Board's annual evaluation process provides a way to track progress in certain areas targeted for improvement from year to year and to identify opportunities to enhance the Board s and its committees effectiveness. The assessments confirm whether the current Board leadership and structure continue to be optimal for the Company, affirm whether trustees have sufficient time to devote their attention to the Company notwithstanding their other commitments and are an important factor taken into account by the Corporate Governance Committee in making its recommendations to the Board regarding trustee nominees. Management Development and Succession The Board s goal, through the oversight of the Compensation Committee, is to have an ongoing program for executive leadership development and succession. As reflected in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Compensation Committee discusses the CEO s recommendations for management development and succession for the Company s other executives. Additionally, the Compensation Committee oversees long range plans for management development and succession for the CEO. The Board s executive succession plan involves conducting regular talent reviews, creating profiles of ideal candidates and selecting potential successors expected to fit the needs of the Company over time. In implementing these plans, the Board believes that, at its core, succession planning: (i) is a board-driven, collaborative and continuous process; (ii) should take into account the Company s long-term strategic goals; and (iii) involves building a talent-rich organization by attracting and developing the right people. Individuals who are identified as high potential leaders are given exposure and visibility to Board members through formal presentations and informal events. Equity Residential 13 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Furthermore, for 2025, all of our executives performance assessments for purposes of compensation included development or succession planning-related factors. 25% of the assessment of the CEO s annual performance and 10% of the assessment of the other executives annual performance were based on individual goals ( Individual Goals ) that include development, succession or leadership-oriented goals. In addition to their review of executive development and succession, the Board is regularly updated on key talent indicators for the overall workforce, including development programs. Our executive team members were identified through this process and those members who are long-term employees were given exposure and visibility to the Board over many years, followed by a smooth transition period assisted by their retiring and/or transitioning predecessors. The Board was intensively involved in evaluating each of these executives prior to their appointment or promotions and had an extensive opportunity to observe each executive who was a long-term employee through presentations they gave to the Board and its committees as well as through significant informal contact. Following extensive succession planning efforts as described above by Mr. Parrell and the Board, Mr. McLeod was appointed Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Brackenridge successfully transitioned the Chief Investment Officer role to Mr. Garechana. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to all trustees and employees. The purpose of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is to promote: (i) honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in periodic reports required to be filed by the Company; and (iii) compliance with all applicable rules and regulations that apply to the Company and its officers, employees and trustees. The Audit Committee has responsibility for reviewing the Company s written policies relating to the avoidance of conflicts of interest and reviewing any proposed related party transactions. Trustee Resignation Policies The Company has a majority vote standard for the election of trustees in uncontested elections with a trustee resignation policy which requires that any trustee nominee who is not elected by a majority of votes cast must promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board. The Board would then decide within 90 days following certification of the shareholder vote, through a process managed by the Corporate Governance Committee and excluding the nominee in question, whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation, or whether other action is recommended. The Board would promptly publicly disclose its decision and rationale. The Board has adopted a policy that requires each non-employee trustee to submit an offer of resignation from the Board upon a material change in employment or responsibilities. The Corporate Governance Committee has responsibility for assessing whether such change would impair the trustee s ability to continue to serve effectively on the Board and recommending whether any such offer should be accepted by the Board. Share Ownersh ip Guidelines In keeping with its belief that aligning the financial interests of the Company s executives and trustees with those of the shareholders will result in enhanced shareholder value, the Board has established the following executive and trustee share ownership guidelines: Position Minimum Share Ownership Trustees 5x cash retainer CEO 6x base salary Executive Vice Presidents 3x base salary Senior Vice Presidents 1x base salary Equity Residential 14 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Executives and trustees have five years from appointment or promotion to comply with the ownership requirements. In 2025, all of our trustees, executives and senior officers had met their respective share ownership requirements or were in the permitted time frame to achieve such ownership. The following equity interests count toward fulfillment of the ownership guidelines: Company shares, including restricted shares; and Partnership interests in ERP Operating Limited Partnership (the Operating Partnership ), the Company's operating partnership (i.e., OP Units and restricted units). Restricted units are partnership interests that are convertible on a one-for-one basis into OP Units subject to certain vesting and other tax restrictions. Restricted shares and restricted units are collectively referred to in this Proxy Statement as Share Awards. Securities Trading Policy and Prohibition against Hedging and Pledging of Company Equity Securities The Company s Securities Trading Policy sets forth guidelines and restrictions applicable to trustees and employees of the Company regarding transactions involving Company equity securities that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the exchange listing standards applicable to us. Pursuant to this policy, the Company imposes a trading moratorium on all trustees and officers at a vice president level and above in advance of earnings releases, and otherwise trustees and all employees are restricted from trading whenever they have knowledge of material non-public information such as material transactions or significant cybersecurity incidents. Among other things, this policy prohibits our trustees and executives from selling any Company equity securities if the security is not owned by the individual at the time of sale (commonly called a "short sale"). This policy further prohibits trustees and employees from (i) purchasing financial instruments that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of their Company equity securities, (ii) engaging in short-term speculation in Company securities or (iii) engaging in any transaction in which he or she profits if the value of Company securities falls. In addition, this policy prohibits trustees and executives from holding Company securities in a margin account or pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan. The policy is available on the Company s website at www.equityapartments.com in the Investor section under Corporate Governance. In connection with transactions by the Company involving the Company's securities, the Company intends to comply with all applicable insider trading laws, rules, regulations and exchange listing standards. Political Contribu tions Policy The Company has a robust policy governing political expenditures. Under the policy approved by the Board, any political spending by the Company must be legitimately linked to the Company s business purposes and strategic intent, approved by the Chief Executive Officer, and reviewed annually by the Corporate Governance Committee. The policy, together with a disclosure on the amount spent under the policy during the previous calendar year, is available on the Company s website at www.equityapartments.com in the Investor section under Corporate Governance. Shareholder Ri ght to Amend Bylaws In response to a shareholder proposal and following significant engagement with shareholders holding more than 50% of the Company s outstanding shares in the aggregate, Article XIV of the Company s Bylaws was amended in 2017 to permit shareholders to amend the Bylaws by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding common shares of the Company pursuant to a proposal submitted for approval at a duly called annual meeting or special meeting of shareholders by a shareholder, or group of up to five shareholders, owning Equity Residential 15 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company 1% or more of the Company s outstanding common shares continuously for at least one year. A shareholder proposal submitted under Article XIV may not alter or repeal (i) Article XII of the Bylaws, which provides for indemnification of trustees and officers of the Company or (ii) Article XIV of the Bylaws, which addresses procedures for amendment of the Bylaws, without the approval of the Board. The foregoing is a summary of Article XIV of the Company s Bylaws and is qualified in its entirety by the text of that section. Since the adoption of the aforementioned amendment to Article XIV of the Company s Bylaws, the trustees serving on the Board s Corporate Governance Committee have received an average voting approval percentage of nearly 97%, which the Company believes is an indication of its shareholders overwhelming support for this provision. Shareholder Engagement The Company views shareholder engagement as a continuous process, with members of the management team and in some cases members of the Board periodically conducting extensive outreach to shareholders. In February 2025, we held an Investor Day in New York where we showcased our portfolio optimization strategy, innovative operations platform, strong culture, disciplined balance sheet management and longer-term return prospects and at which more than 80 investors and analysts participated in the event in person, with an additional 115 participating via webcast. Over the last twelve months, we spoke with investors who collectively held nearly 43% of our shares (or approximately 53% of shares held by non-indexed investors) and reached out to many more. At these one-on-one investor meetings, the management team updated investors on a range of topics and also gained an understanding of the perspectives and concerns of each investor. The Board and management team carefully consider the feedback from these meetings when evaluating our investment strategy as well as our corporate responsibility and executive compensation disclosures and practices, among other items. Board Composition and Trus tee Nomination Procedures Trustee Qualifications The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth the Board s policies for the desired attributes of trustees and the Board as a whole. The Board will seek to ensure that a substantial majority of its members are independent within the NYSE listing standards. Each member of the Board must possess the individual qualities of integrity and accountability, informed judgment, financial literacy and high performance standards and must be committed to representing the long-term interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board values diversity in its broadest sense, reflecting, but not limited to, profession, geography, gender, ethnicity, skills and experience, and believes that as a group, the nominees bring a deep range of thought and perspectives to the Board s deliberations that improves decision-making, risk oversight and innovation. As a general matter, the Board does not believe it should create a mandatory retirement age for trustees or establish term limits for trustee service, instead preferring to rely upon its evaluation procedures as the primary method of ensuring that each trustee continues to act in a manner consistent with the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Identifying and Evaluating Nominees The Corporate Governance Committee regularly assesses the appropriate number of trustees comprising the Board, and whether any vacancies on the Board are expected due to retirement or otherwise. The Corporate Governance Committee considers suggestions of potential trustee candidates made by current Board members, shareholders, professional search firms or other persons. Occasionally, the Corporate Governance Committee will conduct searches through professional search firms. The Corporate Governance Committee considers those factors it deems appropriate in evaluating trustee candidates, which include judgment, strength of character, familiarity with businesses and organizations comparable in size or scope to the Company, breadth of experience and skill relative to other Board members and specialized knowledge or expertise. The evaluation also includes a critical review of annual performance Equity Residential 16 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company assessments, as previously described. Furthermore, as also described above, the evaluation includes a review of whether trustee candidates have time available to devote to Board service. Of particular importance to the Company s strategy are skills and experience relating to real estate; finance and capital markets; innovation and technology; marketing and consumer insight; risk management; corporate responsibility; political and reputational risk; and corporate leadership in general. Each of the members of the Corporate Governance Committee, as well as all or substantially all of the other trustees, including the Chief Executive Officer, interview potential candidates that the Corporate Governance Committee has deemed qualified and appropriate. If the Corporate Governance Committee determines that a potential candidate meets the needs of the Board, and has the qualifications as set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, it will recommend the nomination of the candidate to the Board. Shareholder Nominees The Corporate Governance Committee will consider properly submitted shareholder nominees for election to the Board and will apply the same evaluation criteria in considering such nominees as it would to persons nominated under any other circumstance. A shareholder wishing to submit to the Corporate Governance Committee a potential nominee for election to the Board for its consideration should follow the following procedures: Pursuant to the Company s Bylaws, a shareholder of the Company who is a shareholder of record at the record date set by the Board for the purpose of determining shareholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving notice (as described in this paragraph) and at the time of the annual meeting, and who is entitled to vote at such meeting, may nominate individuals for election to the Board if the shareholder complies with the following requirements. First, the shareholder must give the Corporate Secretary of the Company timely written notice of nomination. Generally, notice will be timely if it is delivered not earlier than the 150th day, nor later than 5:00 p.m., Central Time, on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting. Accordingly, for the Company s annual meeting in the year 2027, the Corporate Secretary must receive the notice not earlier than November 15, 2026 and not later than 5:00 p.m., Central Time, on December 15, 2026. The notice must set forth certain information as to each individual the shareholder proposes to nominate, information with respect to Company security ownership by the shareholder giving such notice, and, to the extent known by the shareholder giving notice, the name and address of any other shareholder supporting the nominee for election. The foregoing is a summary of Article II, Section 13 of the Bylaws of the Company and is qualified in its entirety by the text of that section. Shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of trustee nominees other than the Company's nominees must also comply with the additional requirements of Rule 14a-19(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). The Company s shareholders also possess the right to nominate candidates to the Board through proxy access provisions of the Company s Bylaws. The Bylaws permit a shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders, owning 3% or more of the Company s outstanding common shares continuously for at least three years, to include in the Company s annual meeting proxy materials trustee nominations for up to 20% of the seats on the Board, subject to the other terms and conditions of the Bylaws. The foregoing is a summary of Article II, Section 16 of the Bylaws of the Company and is qualified in its entirety by the text of that section. Electronic copies of the Bylaws are available on the Company s website at www.equityapartments.com in the Investor section under Corporate Governance, and hard copies are available free of charge by writing to Equity Residential, Two North Riverside Plaza, Suite 500, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attn: Corporate Secretary or by contacting Investor Relations by phone (1-888-879-6356) or e-mail (investorrelations@eqr.com). Equity Residential 17 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Board Refreshment The Corporate Governance Committee seeks to maintain a board that as a whole possesses the independence, objectivity and mix of skills and experience to provide comprehensive and effective oversight of the Company s strategic, operational and compliance risks. The Committee believes that succession planning and ongoing board refreshment are important to maintain an appropriate mix of skills and provide fresh perspectives while leveraging the institutional knowledge and historical perspective of the Board s longer-tenured trustees. In keeping with the Committee's overall strategy for trustee succession and refreshment, since 2015 the Board has added eight new independent trustees in place of ten trustees who departed the Board due to retirement or death (including one trustee retiring in June of this year). *Composition of our Board immediately following the Annual Meeting if the ten trustee nominees are re-elected. Equity Residential 18 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Set forth below is a snapshot of the composition of our Board immediately following the Annual Meeting if the ten trustee nominees are re-elected. Gender Diversity 40% Women Racial/Ethnic Diversity 20% Diverse Independence 80% Independent Tenure of Independent Trustees Biographical Information and Qualifications of Trustees Our trustees bring to the Company s Board substantial and diverse business, real estate, governance, finance, operational and leadership experience derived from their service as senior executives and, in some cases, leaders of complex organizations, and collectively have the experience necessary to oversee and help develop the Company s strategy and contribute to the Board s effectiveness as a whole. The process undertaken by the Corporate Governance Committee in recommending qualified trustee candidates is described under Board Composition and Trustee Nomination Procedures above. Equity Residential 19 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Summary of Trustee Skills The table below is a summary of the range of skills that each trustee nominee brings to our Board. Because it is a summary, it is not intended to be a complete description of all the qualifications, attributes and experience of each trustee nominee. Information about each trustee is presented on the following pages. Aman Carr Haben Hoff Huque Jones Neithercut Parrell Shapiro Sterrett CEO/CORPORATE LEADERSHIP Experience as a CEO or other senior executive at a public or large private company. FINANCE/CAPITAL MARKETS Leadership experience as an executive in the financial services industry or other extensive experience raising capital for a large public or private company. REAL ESTATE Experience in the real estate industry and expertise in the operational and strategic issues facing large real estate companies. BUSINESS OPERATIONS Experience in managing the operations and business strategy of a major organization. ENTREPRENEUR/INNOVATOR Experience in starting a business and/or implementing disruptive/creative processes to generate growth. TECHNOLOGY, DIGITAL AND/OR CYBERSECURITY Expertise in technology, including digital platforms and new media, cybersecurity risk, cloud computing and data analytics. MARKETING AND CONSUMER INSIGHT Experience in marketing, including brand and product awareness and social media. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY Experience in effective oversight of sustainability, social and/or governance matters. FINANCIAL REPORTING/ACCOUNTING Experience overseeing or assessing the performance of companies or public accountants with respect to the preparation, auditing or evaluation of financial statements. PUBLIC COMPANY BOARD EXPERIENCE Experience serving on the board of another publicly traded entity. Equity Residential 20 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Trustees Nominated for Re-Election Set forth below are biographies of each of our trustees as of April 1, 2026, which include a discussion of the specific skills and expertise that led to the Board s conclusion that such individual should serve as a trustee of the Company. David J. Neithercut Chairman Age 70 Trustee since 2006 David J. Neithercut , our Chairman since May 2023, served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company from January 2006 until his retirement in December 2018 and President of the Company from May 2005 to September 2018. He was Executive Vice President Corporate Strategy of the Company from January 2004 to May 2005, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company from February 1995 to August 2004. Prior to joining Equity Residential, Mr. Neithercut served as Senior Vice President of Finance for Equity Group Investments. He serves as a director of Americold Realty Trust (NYSE: COLD), was a director of General Growth Properties, Inc. (NYSE: GGP) from November 2010 until May 2017 and was a trustee of Public Storage (NYSE: PSA) from January 2021 until May 2024. Mr. Neithercut is a former member of the Advisory Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( Nareit ), of which he served as Chairman in 2015. He received Nareit s 2018 Industry Leadership Award, honoring a REIT executive who has made a significant and lasting contribution to the growth and betterment of the industry. Mr. Neithercut received an M.B.A. from the Columbia University Graduate School of Business. Qualifications Recognized as a leading industry authority in real estate investments, operations and capital markets Long and successful track record in various leadership roles at the Company and other organizations Highly experienced in dealing with complex management, financial, risk assessment, business and governance issues Mark J. Parrell President CEO Age 59 Trustee since 2019 Mark J. Parrell has been Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 2019 and President of the Company since September 2018. Mr. Parrell was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company from October 2007 to September 2018 and Senior Vice President and Treasurer of the Company from August 2005 to October 2007 and served in various roles in the Company s finance group since September 1999. He has served as a director of Regency Centers Corporation (NASDAQ: REG), a national owner, operator and developer of shopping centers, since January 2026. Mr. Parrell is also active in several business and community service organizations. He currently serves as a Board Member of the Real Estate Roundtable as well as First Vice Chair and a member of the Executive Board of Nareit. Mr. Parrell is a member of the Advisory Board of the Weiser Center for Real Estate at the University of Michigan and is a member of the National Multifamily Housing Council ( NMHC ) and served as Chair of its Finance Committee in 2015-2016. He is also a member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Finance Committee of the Greater Chicago Food Depository. Mr. Parrell served as an independent member of the Boards of Directors of the T. Rowe Price mutual funds from July 2023 until November 2025 and as a director of Brookdale Senior Living Inc. (NYSE: BKD), a leading operator of senior living communities throughout the United States, from April 2015 until July 2017. He also served as a director of Aviv REIT, Inc. (NYSE: AVIV), a REIT that specialized in owning post-acute and long-term care skilled nursing facilities and other healthcare properties, from March 2013 until April 2015, when it merged into Omega Healthcare. Mr. Parrell received a B.B.A. from the University of Michigan and a J.D. from the Georgetown University Law Center. Qualifications Uniquely qualified as the CEO of the Company Extensive hands-on experience regarding capital markets, capital allocation and real estate finance and investment Sophisticated expertise in transactional, operational and regulatory matters and substantial experience as a board member of public companies and mutual funds Equity Residential 21 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Angela M. Aman Independent Age 46 Trustee since 2020 Committees Audit (Chair) Angela M. Aman has served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of Kilroy Realty Corporation (NYSE: KRC), a REIT that owns and operates premier office, life science and mixed-use properties in the United States, since January 2024. From September 2023 to January 2024, she served as President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and from May 2016 to September 2023, she served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Brixmor Property Group (NYSE: BRX), a REIT that owns and operates a national portfolio of open-air shopping centers. Prior to Brixmor, she held Chief Financial Officer roles at Starwood Retail Partners from 2015 to 2016 and Retail Properties of America, Inc. from 2011 to 2015. From 2005 to 2011, she was a member of the RREEF real estate securities team, serving as an analyst and later as a Portfolio Manager, and from 2001 to 2005, she was a member of the real estate investment banking group at Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ms. Aman serves as a member of the Executive Board of Nareit, a member of the Executive Committee for the Zell/Lurie Real Estate Center at the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, and a member of the Board of Advisors for the Anderson School of Management at UCLA. Ms. Aman received a B.S. in Economics from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. Qualifications Extensive experience in real estate and public company matters, including as an equity investor Executive leadership experience and expertise in financial, governance, information technology and strategic issues facing large real estate companies Audit committee financial expert, based on experience as a CFO Chris Carr Independent Age 62 Trustee since 2025 Committees Audit Governance Chris Carr served as the Chief Operating Officer of Sweetgreen, Inc. (NYSE: SG), a restaurant and lifestyle brand, from May 2020 to March 2023. From May 2006 until his retirement in May 2019, he held a variety of retail operations and supply chain senior executive roles at Starbucks (NASDAQ: SBUX), most recently as the Executive Vice President ("EVP"), Chief Procurement Officer. Mr. Carr also served as Starbucks EVP, Americas Licensed Stores and led Starbucks' U.S. retail business as the EVP, U.S. Retail Stores, where he was responsible for the omni-channel customer experience at approximately 13,000 U.S. company-operated and licensed retail stores. Prior to Starbucks, Mr. Carr spent 18 years in multiple executive leadership roles with ExxonMobil, developing, leading and implementing retail operational strategies for its global fuels marketing downstream businesses. He currently serves as a director of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (NYSE: HLT), as chair of the Board of Recreational Equipment Inc., a consumer cooperative, and as a director of Valvoline Inc. (NYSE: VVV), an automotive retail services provider. He also serves as a Board Trustee for Howard University and the University of San Diego. Mr. Carr received a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of San Diego and an M.B.A. from the New York Institute of Technology. Qualifications Executive leadership roles at global enterprises Extensive business and management expertise, including financial performance, operational execution, talent management and corporate governance Valuable insight into developing and executing brand and consumer marketing strategies to improve customer satisfaction Equity Residential 22 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Mary Kay Haben Independent Age 69 Trustee since 2011 Committees Compensation (Chair) Governance Mary Kay Haben served as the President-North America for the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company, a leading confectionary company, until her retirement in February 2011. At Wrigley, Ms. Haben drove growth through new product and packaging innovation, as well as marketing efforts in emerging digital media. Prior to joining Wrigley in 2007, Ms. Haben held various executive positions during her 27-year career at Kraft Foods Inc. These included leading significant business divisions and functions for Kraft, driving bottom line growth through marketing innovation and brand positioning efforts, as well as acquisitions and productivity initiatives. She serves as a director of The Hershey Company (NYSE: HSY) and Grocery Outlet (NASDAQ: GO), is a member of the Board of Directors of the University of Michigan Alumni Association and formerly served as a director of Bob Evans Farms, Inc. (NASDAQ: BOBE) until its sale in January 2018. She was named to the 2020 National Association of Corporate Directors Directorship 100 , which honors the most influential boardroom leaders each year. Ms. Haben received an M.B.A. from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business. Qualifications Substantial governance expertise with deep corporate and board experience Proven track record in delivering value to shareholders and consumers through brand building, innovation and implementation of business strategies in various markets and media platforms Valuable marketing perspective as the Company continues to focus on ways to engage with current and future residents Ann C. Hoff Independent Age 59 Trustee since 2024 Committees Audit Compensation Ann C. Hoff served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Bellagio and Park MGM at MGM Resorts International (NYSE: MGM), a global gaming and entertainment company, from December 2020 until her retirement in June 2025, where she oversaw all aspects of operations for two casino resort destinations. From April 2020 to December 2020, she served as Chief Marketing Officer at MGM, where she was responsible for overseeing the company's brand, public relations, creative, sales, guest experience and direct marketing efforts. From March 2019 to April 2020, Ms. Hoff served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Portfolio Properties at MGM, where she led strategic direction and managed the Presidents/COOs of The Mirage, New York-New York, Luxor, Excalibur, as well as the Retail and Hotel Centers of Excellence for the entire enterprise, and held various operating and marketing positions at MGM since she joined the organization in 1990. She is involved in numerous professional and charitable organizations, currently serving on the Board of Trustees at Southern Hills Hospital and as an advisor to the University of Nevada, Las Vegas ("UNLV") William F. Harrah College of Hospitality. Ms. Hoff received a B.S. in Hotel and Restaurant Management from UNLV. Qualifications Extensive management and operational experience in hospitality and customer service Valuable insight into brand management and exceeding consumer expectations Substantial executive and leadership experience as a result of her roles as President and COO at large organizations Equity Residential 23 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Tahsinul Zia Huque Independent Age 58 Trustee since 2019 Committees Compensation Governance Tahsinul Zia Huque served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., the U.S. Broker Dealer of Deutsche Bank, from May 2018 until his departure from Wall Street in mid-2019. At Deutsche Bank, Mr. Huque was Head of Equities, Fixed Income Currencies for the Americas from February 2016 until May 2018 and Global Co-Chief Operating Officer of Corporate Banking and Securities from March 2012 until February 2016. During Mr. Huque s 30-year finance career on Wall Street, he held multiple executive positions in the United States and abroad while leading investment banking and sales and trading functions spanning many industries, products and clients. Also during his career, he was closely involved in creating the structure for public REITs to access the unsecured debt market. Mr. Huque received his B.A. in Economics and in Political Science from Williams College. He is currently a private investor and served as a director of Energy Vault (NYSE: NRGV) until March 2024. He also is a general partner of Prime Movers Lab, a venture capital fund focused on scientific and engineering innovations in technology, and serves on various private company boards in connection therewith. Qualifications Proven leader of large, complex, high performing and competitive organizations Extensive global finance and innovation experience at an executive leadership position across multiple markets, clients, products, technologies and risk parameters Deep technical regulatory experience as CEO or COO of international investment banking organizations with multijurisdictional regulatory requirements Nina P. Jones Independent Age 46 Trustee since 2024 Committees Governance (Chair) Audit Nina P. Jones has over 15 years of real estate investing experience at T. Rowe Price, a global investment manager with over $1 trillion in assets under management. She most recently served as Vice President, Portfolio Manager, of the T. Rowe Price U.S. Real Estate Equity Strategy until her retirement in December 2023. Ms. Jones also served as global team leader for real estate at T. Rowe Price, including as portfolio manager of the Global Real Estate Equity Strategy. She was an Investment Advisory Committee member of the Mid-Cap Value, Institutional Large-Cap Value, Global Growth, Global Stock and Financial Services strategies. Prior to T. Rowe, Ms. Jones worked as a Senior Associate in Audit and Risk Advisory for KPMG, earning the CPA designation. She currently serves as a director of Simon Property Group (NYSE: SPG), an owner of shopping, dining, entertainment and mixed-use destinations, and as a trustee of Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (NYSE: PEB), an owner of urban and resort lifestyle hotels. Ms. Jones received a B.S. in Accounting and Finance from the University of Maryland and an M.B.A. from the Columbia University Graduate School of Business. Qualifications Extensive experience analyzing and investing in real estate companies Deep engagement with management and boards regarding industry and company-specific risks, proxy voting and corporate responsibility concerns Audit committee financial expert, based on accounting and finance background Equity Residential 24 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Mark S. Shapiro Independent Age 56 Trustee since 2010 Committees Compensation Governance Mark S. Shapiro has served as President and Managing Partner of WME Group, a global talent and media agency, since March 2025 and served as President (since December 2018) and Chief Operating Officer (since April 2023) of Endeavor, its predecessor. Prior to joining Endeavor's IMG subsidiary in 2014, he held various executive positions, including Chief Executive Officer, at Dick Clark Productions, an independent producer of television programming, from May 2010 to September 2014. Mr. Shapiro was the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Six Flags, Inc., the world s largest regional theme park company, from December 2005 through May 2010. Prior to joining Six Flags, Inc., Mr. Shapiro spent 12 years at ESPN, Inc., where he ultimately served as Executive Vice President, Programming and Production and had significant responsibility in building the strength of the network s brand which garnered numerous Emmy and Peabody awards. Mr. Shapiro has also served as President, Chief Operating Officer and a director of TKO Group Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: TKO), a premium sports and entertainment company which operates leading premium sports and entertainment brands and is majority owned by Endeavor, since September 2023. He serves as Chairman of the Board of Captivate Network, a private company. Additionally, Mr. Shapiro serves on the Board of Directors of The Shaquille O'Neal Foundation and MARI, a global events and experiences company. He was a director of the Tribune Company, Frontier Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: FTR) until May 2019, Papa John s International, Inc. (NASDAQ: PZZA) until April 2019, Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE: LYV) until June 2021 and Bright Lights Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: BLTS) until December 2022. Qualifications Business and governance acumen as a CEO, president and board member of large and complex organizations Provider of unique and critical insights and innovation in media, technology, public relations, marketing, consumer and branding strategies Insights into organizational transformation to deal with diverse economic and market-based challenges Stephen E. Sterrett Lead Trustee Independent Age 70 Trustee since 2015 Committees Audit Compensation Stephen E. Sterrett , our Lead Trustee since 2020, served as the Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE: SPG), an owner of shopping, dining, entertainment and mixed-use destinations, until his retirement in December 2014. He spent more than 26 years in various positions at Simon and its predecessor companies and had served as the company s Chief Financial Officer since 2000. Prior to joining Simon, Mr. Sterrett was a Senior Manager at the international firm of Price Waterhouse. Mr. Sterrett serves as deputy chairman of Amcor plc ("Amcor") (NYSE: AMCR, ASX: AMC). He was a director of Realty Income Corporation (NYSE: O) until May 2019 and chairman of Berry Global Group, Inc. (NYSE: BERY) until its merger with Amcor in April 2025. Mr. Sterrett also serves on the Board of Trustees of Butler University and of the FirstTee, a youth development organization. Mr. Sterrett received an M.B.A. from Indiana University. Qualifications Extraordinarily equipped with wide-ranging knowledge in real estate and public company matters Executive leadership experience and expertise in financial, risk assessment, operational, governance and strategic issues facing large real estate companies Audit committee financial expert, based on prior experience as a CFO Equity Residential 25 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Incumbent Trustee Retiring Linda Walker Bynoe Independent Age 73 Trustee since 2009 Committees Audit Governance Linda Walker Bynoe has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Telemat Limited LLC (formerly, Telemat Ltd.), a management consulting firm, since 1995 and served as its Chief Operating Officer from 1989 through 1994. Ms. Bynoe served as a Vice President Capital Markets for Morgan Stanley from 1985 to 1989, joining the firm in 1978. Ms. Bynoe serves as a director of PGIM Funds (formerly, Prudential Retail Mutual Funds). She served as a director of Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE: SPG) until May 2012, Anixter International, Inc. (NYSE: AXE) until its sale to WESCO International, Inc. in June 2020 and Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ: NTRS) until April 2025. Ms. Bynoe received an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Qualifications Extensive business and governance experience as a director of financial services, real estate and other complex companies Diverse consulting and investment experience in various industries Audit committee financial expert, based on her expertise in accounting and financial risk management, as well as experience on other public company audit committees Biographical Informa tion of Executives Set forth below are biographies of each of our executives as of April 1, 2026. See Biographical Information and Qualifications of Trustees above for the biography of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Mark J. Parrell. Barry S. Altshuler , 67, has been Executive Vice President of the Company since February 2015. Mr. Altshuler served as the Company s Senior Vice President Investments from January 2007 to January 2015, as Vice President of Acquisitions from April 2002 to December 2006 and as Vice President of Asset Management from January 1998 to March 2002. Mr. Altshuler serves on the Executive Committee of the Real Estate Board of New York and the University of Florida Real Estate Advisory Board and is a member of NMHC and Urban Land Institute. Mr. Altshuler served as President of the California Apartment Association from January 2019 to January 2022. Equity Residential 26 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Catherine M. Carraway , 65, has been Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company since April 2021. Ms. Carraway served as Executive Vice President Human Resources of the Company from January 2021 to March 2021 and Senior Vice President Human Resources from January 2015 to January 2021 and has held various positions within the Company s human resources department since March 2001. Ms. Carraway serves as Vice President of the Board of Directors of Connections for Abused Women and their Children. Scott J. Fenster , 50, has been Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company since January 2018. Mr. Fenster served as the Company s Senior Vice President Legal from January 2013 until December 2017 and has held various positions within the Company s legal department since September 2003. Mr. Fenster is a member of the Nareit Corporate Governance Council and received a J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School. Robert A. Garechana , 47, has been Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of the Company since August 2025. Mr. Garechana served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company from September 2018 to August 2025, as Senior Vice President of the Company from December 2012 to September 2018 and as Treasurer of the Company from January 2008 to September 2018 and held various positions within the Company s finance group since November 2004. Mr. Garechana serves on the Board of Directors of Upwardly Global, a non-profit organization where he serves on the Operating Committee as Treasurer. Mr. Garechana received a B.B.A. from The University of Texas at Austin. Michael L. Manelis , 57, has been Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company since July 2018. Mr. Manelis served as Executive Vice President Property Operations of the Company from January 2017 to June 2018, as Senior Vice President of Operations and Information Technology from May 2012 to December 2016 and as Senior Vice President Property Operations from August 2005 to May 2012 and has held various positions within the Company s operations group since 1999. Equity Residential 27 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Governance of the Company Bret D. McLeod , 43, has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since August 2025 and served as Executive Vice President Finance of the Company from July 2025 to August 2025. Mr. McLeod served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Great Wolf Resorts, a family waterpark and entertainment company, from February 2024 to July 2025, where he was responsible for a wide range of activities, including financial reporting, treasury, capital markets, tax, procurement, risk, financial planning and analysis and strategy. Mr. McLeod served as Chief Financial Officer of Citycon (OMXH: CTY1S.HE), an owner of grocery-anchored shopping centers in Nordic countries, from August 2021 to January 2024. He was Co-Founder, Managing Partner and Chief Financial Officer of Lakewood Hotel Group, an investment firm that made hotel investments on behalf of institutional investment partners, from January 2019 to July 2021. Prior to forming Lakewood, Mr. McLeod spent nearly 15 years at Host Hotels Resorts (NYSE: HST), a lodging REIT, where he last served as Senior Vice President, Treasurer, Head of Strategy and Investor Relations. Mr. McLeod received a B.S. in Business Administration from Georgetown University and an M.B.A. from Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Management. Retired Executives Alexander Brackenridge , 62, was Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of the Company from September 2020 to August 2025 and Executive Vice President Investments from August 2025 until his retirement in January 2026. Mr. Brackenridge served as Executive Vice President Investments of the Company from February 2015 until August 2020 and as Senior Vice President Investments from May 2002 to January 2015 and held various investments and asset management positions within the Company since 1993. Mr. Brackenridge received an M.B.A. from Yale University. Equity Residential 28 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Common Share Ownership of Trustees and Executives The following table sets forth information, as of March 31, 2026, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company s common shares by each trustee, its named executive officers ( NEOs ), and the trustees and all executives as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole voting and investment power over the common share equivalents listed. On March 31, 2026, a total of 383,418,489 common share equivalents (comprised of common shares, OP Units and restricted units) were outstanding. (1)(2) Common Share Equivalents (1) Options Exercisable in 60 Days Percent of Common Shares (1) Percent of Common Share Equivalents (1)(2) David J. Neithercut 784,826 1,460,869 * * Mark J. Parrell 627,460 381,593 * * Angela M. Aman 16,295 * * Linda Walker Bynoe 50,277 * * Chris Carr 2,971 * * Mary Kay Haben 33,833 8,064 * * Ann C. Hoff 7,017 * * Tahsinul Zia Huque 18,688 * * Nina P. Jones 7,001 * * Mark S. Shapiro 41,884 * * Stephen E. Sterrett 45,402 * * Alexander Brackenridge 130,125 15,516 * * Scott J. Fenster 106,858 79,975 * * Robert A. Garechana 150,099 101,794 * * Michael L. Manelis 155,073 196,327 * * Bret D. McLeod 26,404 * * Trustees and Executives as a Group (18 persons) 2,367,159 2,310,575 1.2% 1.2% * Less than 1%. (1) Excludes the LTI Awards (defined below) granted in January 2024, January 2025 and January 2026 under the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plans which remain subject to earn out at the end of their respective three-year performance periods, as further described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section below. (2) The Company has adopted a policy prohibiting the pledging of Company securities by trustees and executives. Accordingly, the total number of common shares and OP Units pledged as security for loans by our trustees and executives as of March 31, 2026 is zero. Equity Residential 29 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Common S hare Ownership Of Principal Shareholders This table sets forth information with respect to persons who are known to beneficially own more than 5% of the Company s outstanding common shares as of March 31, 2026, except as otherwise indicated below. Name and Address of Owner Common Shares (1) Percent of Common Shares (2) The Vanguard Group (3) 0.0% 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 BlackRock, Inc. (4) 38,248,098 10.2% 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 Norges Bank (The Central Bank of Norway) (5) 35,045,588 9.4% Bankplassen 2 PO Box 1179 Sentrum NO 0107 Oslo Norway State Street Corporation (6) 25,229,550 6.7% State Street Financial Center 1 Congress Street, Suite 1 Boston, MA 02114 T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. (7) 18,897,902 5.0% 1307 Point Street Baltimore, MD 21231 (1) Number of shares owned by the shareholder as reported in its most recent Schedule 13G filing. (2) Percent calculated based on the number of shares owned by the shareholder as reported in its most recent Schedule 13G filing and the number of common shares of the Company outstanding on March 31, 2026, which was 374,674,719 common shares. (3) Based solely on information provided in a Schedule 13G/A filed by The Vanguard Group, Inc. ("Vanguard") on March 26, 2026, Vanguard reported beneficial ownership of 0 shares (0%) as of March 13, 2026. According to the filing, the reduction in reported beneficial ownership reflects an internal realignment of certain subsidiaries or business divisions of subsidiaries of Vanguard that formerly had, or were deemed to have, beneficial ownership with Vanguard, which will report beneficial ownership separately (on a disaggregated basis) from Vanguard. In a Schedule 13G/A previously filed by Vanguard on February 13, 2024, Vanguard reported beneficial ownership of 56,940,042 shares (15.0%) as of December 29, 2023, with shared power to vote 763,212 shares, sole power to dispose of 55,119,868 shares and shared power to dispose of 1,820,174 shares. (4) The Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock, Inc. on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries and affiliates on November 6, 2025 states that as of October 31, 2025, it has sole power to vote 35,198,035 shares and sole power to dispose of 38,248,098 shares. (5) The Schedule 13G/A filed by Norges Bank (The Central Bank of Norway) on February 13, 2024 states that as of December 31, 2023, it has sole power to vote and dispose of 35,045,588 shares. (6) The Schedule 13G/A filed by State Street Corporation on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries on January 30, 2024 states that as of December 31, 2023, it has shared power to vote 15,352,503 shares and shared power to dispose of 25,179,988 shares. (7) The Schedule 13G/A filed by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. ( Price Associates ) on February 17, 2026 states that as of December 31, 2025, it has sole power to vote 18,752,960 shares and sole power to dispose of 18,897,519 shares. Per Price Associates, these securities are owned by various individual and institutional investors for which Price Associates serves as investment adviser with power to direct investments and/or power to vote the securities. For purposes of the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, Price Associates is deemed to be a beneficial owner of such securities; however, Price Associates expressly disclaims that it is, in fact, the beneficial owner of such securities. Equity Residential 30 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Dis cussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) provides a detailed description of our executive compensation philosophy, objectives and components, the compensation decisions made under those components, and the performance metrics and other relevant factors the Compensation Committee used in making those decisions. We believe our shareholders overwhelming support for the Company s compensation program reflects the strong alignment between executive pay and performance. Since our current compensation structure was put in place in 2015 following significant shareholder outreach, our shareholders have approved it annually by an average of 92% of the votes cast. At our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, our 2024 Executive Compensation Program was approved by approximately 89% of the votes cast on the matter. The Company s 2025 Executive Compensation Program, which applied to Mr. Parrell and his direct reports, is based on a strong performance-oriented compensation philosophy to align executive and shareholder interests and is designed to attract, retain and motivate talented executives. What We Do Do engage an independent compensation consultant to advise the Compensation Committee, which is comprised solely of independent trustees Do have a strong pay for performance compensation philosophy with approximately 92% of Chief Executive Officer pay and an average of 84% of other NEO pay (1) tied solely to performance Do require our Annual Incentive Plan to be primarily subject to objective performance metrics that align with the Company s business strategy and the long-term interests of our shareholders Do enhance executive retention with time-based, multi-year vesting schedules for equity incentive awards Do align the long-term interests of our executives with those of our shareholders by awarding a significant percentage of compensation in the form of Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards, which are subject to quantitative performance metrics with three-year forward-looking performance periods Do have meaningful share ownership guidelines for our executives and trustees Do have a clawback policy for incentive-based executive compensation Do have double-trigger vesting provisions in the event of a change in control under the Share Incentive Plan What We Don t Do X No employment agreements with any of our executives X No compensation incentives that encourage excessive risk taking X No repricing of Option Awards allowed X No hedging of Company shares allowed X No pledging of Company shares allowed by executives or trustees X No excise tax gross-ups in any new change in control agreements X No excessive perks to our executives (1) Excludes Mr. McLeod, who was not appointed Chief Financial Officer until August 7, 2025, and therefore was not a participant in the 2025 LTI Plan (defined below). Equity Residential 31 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Compen sation Program The Company s Executive Compensation Program consists of three components: Annual Salary, Annual Incentive Plan and Long-Term Incentive Plan. Annual Salary For 2025, annual salaries of executives, the first component of the program, were set at levels competitive with other large companies engaged in the real estate industry with which the Company competes for executive talent. As it does annually, the Compensation Committee reviewed base salaries for the executives to determine whether any adjustments were necessary to reflect market conditions or changes in responsibilities. Annual Incentive Plan The second component of the program in 2025 was an Annual Incentive Plan, which allowed the executive to earn from 0% to 200% of target annual incentive by performance against pre-defined and pre-weighted annual goals (75% of which were objective measurable metrics for Mr. Parrell and 65% of which were objective measurable metrics for the other executives) established by the Compensation Committee. The goals were comprised of Corporate Goals, which were shared by all executives, and business unit goals ( Business Unit Goals ) for all executives other than Mr. Parrell, which were unique to each executive. These goals were pre-established, with all Corporate Goals and many Business Unit Goals measured objectively. In determining where to set Threshold, Target and Maximum performance levels for each Corporate Goal, the Compensation Committee set the Maximum levels to require higher performance relative to Target compared to the difference in performance between Target and Threshold. In other words, the Maximum level is a stretch goal, which is harder to achieve on a relative basis. Individual Goals for each executive were pre-established by Mr. Parrell and approved by the Compensation Committee. Individual Goals were assessed subjectively and were intended to move the Company and/or business unit forward in terms of organizational structure, improve on such practices as enterprise-wide innovative thinking and the advancement of technology, data and analytics in the business, provide for appropriate leadership and succession management or otherwise address developmental needs of individuals or groups within the organization. The Annual Incentive Plan rewarded achievement of these goals based on the Compensation Committee s quantitative and qualitative assessment of the executives contributions to that performance. Performance against each goal was assessed against Threshold, Target and Maximum performance levels, equating to payouts at 50%, 100% and 200%, respectively, and each goal was assigned a weighting relative to the other annual goals. Results between Threshold and Target or between Target and Maximum were based on interpolation. Performance below Threshold would have earned 0%, and performance that exceeded the Maximum would be capped at the Maximum level. The total annual incentive earned by an executive was the sum of the weighted annual incentive amounts earned with respect to each goal. To further encourage executive retention and align the interests of our executives with our shareholders, more than half of the annual incentive earned (with the exception of Mr. McLeod) was paid in Performance Equity Grants comprised of Share Awards and/or Option Awards. These Share Awards cliff vest, in full, on the three-year anniversary of the grant date, and Option Awards vest ratably over three years, all subject to continuous employment and retirement provisions. The remaining portion of the annual incentive earned was paid in cash (the Performance Bonus ) and/or, at the executive s option, in the form of immediately vested restricted units or Option Awards. Equity Residential 32 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis CEO Performance Goals Other NEOs' Performance Goals 2025 Annual Incentive Plan Performance Goals CEO Other NEOs Corporate Goals Annual Growth in Same Store Net Operating Income 25% 20% Normalized Funds from Operations per Share 25% 20% Corporate Responsibility 15% 15% Normalized G A and Property Management Costs 10% 10% Business Unit Goals 0% 25% Individual Goals 25% 10% Total: 100% 100% Long-Term Incentive Plan The third component of the program in 2025 was the Long-Term Incentive Plan ( LTI Plan ), which allows the executive to earn from 0% to 200% of a target number of Share Awards, as determined by the Company s relative Total Shareholder Return ( TSR ) and achievement of Net Debt to Normalized EBITDAre (defined below) and Normalized Funds From Operations ( Normalized FFO ) per share over a forward-looking three-year performance period compared to pre-established quantitative performance metrics. The LTI Plan aligns the interests of our executives directly with the interests of our shareholders. We refer to such awards subject to settlement under the LTI Plan as LTI Awards. LTI Awards cliff vest, in full, following the three-year anniversary of the grant date, after determination of performance by the Compensation Committee and subject to continuous employment and retirement provisions. The LTI Awards were granted to executives in January 2025, at the target dollar amounts Equity Residential 33 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis shown on page 36 , covering the three-year performance period from January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2027, with the following pre-established quantitative performance metrics and potential payout levels : Performance Level (1) % of Award Metric Threshold Target Maximum 35.0% Performance of Company relative to weighted average TSR of companies in the FTSE Nareit Equity Apartments Index ( Nareit Apartment Index ) (2) (400) bps 0 bps 400 bps 20.0% Performance of Company relative to weighted average TSR of companies in the FTSE Nareit Equity REIT Index ( Nareit Equity Index ) (2) (500) bps 0 bps 500 bps 22.5% Net Debt to Normalized EBITDAre (3) 6.00x 5.50x to 4.00x 3.00x 22.5% Normalized FFO per share (4) $3.90 $3.94-$3.96 $4.04 (1) Performance results with respect to each metric at Threshold, Target and Maximum equate to payouts of 50%, 100% and 200%, respectively. Results between Threshold and Target or between Target and Maximum are based on interpolation. Performance below Threshold earns 0% and above Maximum is capped at the Maximum level. (2) TSR performance relative to the companies that comprise the Nareit Apartment Index and Nareit Equity Index is measured using the weighted index basis points approach, which measures Company performance using the number of basis points above or below the weighted average of the respective index. The Company's TSR represents the compounded annual return of an investment in common shares of the Company over the performance period, with the beginning share price being the average of the last 20 trading days prior to the beginning of the performance period and the ending share price being the average of the last 20 trading days of the performance period. The TSR of each of the companies comprising the Nareit Apartment Index and Nareit Equity Index over the performance period is calculated generally using the same methodology as that used for the calculation of the Company s TSR. (3) Generally, Threshold performance on the Net Debt to Normalized EBITDAre metric will not be less than the highest end of the range set forth in the Company s most recent leverage policy approved by the Board. Net Debt means the Company s total debt less cash and cash equivalents and mortgage principal reserves/sinking funds as calculated in the Company s quarterly earnings release. Normalized EBITDAre means the Company s Normalized Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization for Real Estate as defined in the Company s most recent quarterly earnings release at any given time. The achievement of this metric will be determined on a quarterly basis, and the average of the twelve quarters of each computation in the Company s quarterly earnings releases will be used in the final determination of the LTI Award. (4) No later than March 31 of each calendar year in the performance period, the Compensation Committee will establish the Threshold, Target and Maximum performance level metrics for such calendar year. The Threshold, Target and Maximum Normalized FFO per share performance level metrics for 2025 were established by the Compensation Committee in March 2025. The midpoint of the Target range was equal to the midpoint of the Company s range for Normalized FFO per share expectations for the year, as announced on February 3, 2025 as part of the Company s public earnings release. See page 40 for more information on Normalized FFO per share and its significance to the Company. The achievement of this metric will be determined on an annual basis and the average of the three years will be used in the final determination of the LTI Award. The Compensation Committee, as promptly as practicable following the conclusion of the performance period, shall determine the resulting settlement, if any, of LTI Awards compared against the performance metrics established for the period. Executives participating in the LTI Plan elect prior to the start of the performance period to settle the LTI Award in restricted shares and/or restricted units. With respect to an award that will be settled in the form of restricted shares, the Company does not pay the grantee any dividends on such shares during the performance period. Once the number of restricted shares to be issued, if any, has been determined, the Company will make a cash payment to the grantee in an amount equal to all dividends that would have been paid on those restricted shares had they been outstanding and entitled to dividends during the performance period. For income tax reasons, grantees of awards that will be settled in the form of restricted units: (i) will be issued restricted units at the time of grant at the maximum amount but such units will be subject to forfeiture (other than the hereinafter described partial distributions paid thereon, which are not subject to forfeiture) at the end of the performance period depending on actual performance and (ii) will be paid a distribution in the amount of 10% of any distributions paid on OP Units during the performance period. Once the final resulting number of restricted Equity Residential 34 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis units, if any, has been determined, the Operating Partnership will make a cash payment to the grantee in an amount equal to all distributions that would have been paid on those restricted units had they been outstanding and entitled to distributions during the performance period, less any previously paid partial distributions. Compensation Risks The Compensation Committee reviewed the elements of the Company s compensation to determine whether they encourage excessive risk taking and concluded that the mix and design of the elements of executive compensation do not encourage management to assume excessive risks, and that any risks arising from the Company s compensation policies are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. New in 2026 In its annual review of the Executive Compensation Program, the Compensation Committee considered, among other things, the continued appropriateness of the metrics utilized in the LTI Plan to assess long-term performance. It was noted that while the Company s TSR performance in relation to peers has been competitive in recent three-year performance periods, absolute TSR for the apartment REIT sector has been challenged due to general market conditions. In consultation with the Company s independent compensation consultant and in response to feedback from investors, the Compensation Committee determined that the LTI Plan continues to generally align the interests of our executives with those of our shareholders by including TSR-related metrics that measure performance against peers, yet are also representative of market trends as well as metrics that directly represent Company performance. The Compensation Committee further determined, however, that a TSR performance modification metric ( Negative TSR Modifier ) should be added to the 2026 LTI Plan in order to even more closely align our executives pay for performance structure with absolute shareholder outcomes. Specifically, in the 2026 LTI Plan, the relative TSR metrics will continue to represent 55% of the potential award under the LTI Plan and will continue to be earned based on the Company s three-year TSR performance compared to the Nareit Apartment Index and Nareit Equity Index. The new Negative TSR Modifier, however, limits performance on the relative TSR metrics to target (i.e., 100%) if the Company s TSR is negative over the course of the three-year performance period. Also during its review of the Executive Compensation Program, the Compensation Committee determined that the Annual Incentive Plan should be updated in 2026 to further emphasize performance on Normalized FFO growth, a core financial metric of significant importance to shareholders. Recognizing that overhead expense is already included in the calculation of Normalized FFO, the Compensation Committee further determined that the Normalized G A and Property Management Costs Corporate Goal could be removed from the Annual Incentive Plan without eliminating incentives for executives to manage costs responsibly. Accordingly, in 2026, the Normalized FFO per share Corporate Goal will contribute 35% (up from 25%) of the CEO's and 30% (up from 20%) of the other NEOs' performance under the Annual Incentive Plan. This shift further strengthens alignment between executive compensation and shareholders' interests. Equity Residential 35 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis 2025 Performance an d Compensation Target Compensation The following table shows 2025 target compensation for our NEOs, broken out into the three components of the program as described in the preceding pages. In 2025, target compensation for our NEOs was established at levels that are positioned around the median of peer total compensation levels. Annual Incentive Plan LTI Plan Annual Salary Performance Bonus (1) Performance Equity Grants (1)(2) LTI Awards (1)(3) Total Target Compensation M. Parrell $900,000 $2,025,000 $2,250,000 $6,525,000 $11,700,000 B. McLeod (4) 550,000 687,500 368,425 0 1,605,925 R. Garechana 625,000 937,500 1,187,500 1,562,500 4,312,500 M. Manelis 675,000 1,012,500 1,350,000 1,687,500 4,725,000 A. Brackenridge 625,000 937,500 1,187,500 1,375,000 4,125,000 S. Fenster 550,000 660,000 687,500 715,000 2,612,500 (1) Amounts shown reflect a hypothetical 100% payout resulting from achieving target performance. Actual payouts will be in a range of 0% to 200% of these amounts, as determined by actual performance results. (2) Performance Equity Grants are performance-based annual incentive grants consisting of Share Awards and/or Option Awards. (3) LTI Awards covering the three-year performance period from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2027, subject to settlement at the end of the three-year period. For an example of how the settlement will be calculated, see Final Results of the 2023-2025 LTI Plan Alignment of Pay and Performance beginning on page 47 . (4) Mr. McLeod was not appointed Chief Financial Officer until August 7, 2025, and therefore was not a participant in the 2025 LTI Plan. Mr. McLeod's Performance Equity Grant was pro rated for his service in 2025, which began on July 22, 2025. Note that the Compensation Committee has also determined that 2026 salaries for most of our NEOs will be the same as established for 2025. Pay Mix The Compensation Committee believes that as the responsibilities of our executives increase, the proportion of their total compensation that is at risk and dependent on performance should also increase. Accordingly, a significant portion of our executives total target compensation was outside of base salary and therefore determined on the basis of performance: approximately 92% for Mr. Parrell and an average of 84% for the other NEOs (excluding Mr. McLeod). Furthermore, approximately 56% of Mr. Parrell s target compensation and an average of 34% of the target compensation of the other NEOs (excluding Mr. McLeod) was comprised of LTI Equity Residential 36 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Awards and totally dependent on the Company s relative TSR, Net Debt to Normalized EBITDAre and Normalized FFO per share over a forward-looking three-year performance period. 2025 TARGET COMPENSATION MIX AVERAGE 2025 TARGET COMPENSATION MIX (1) (1) Excludes Mr. McLeod, who was not appointed Chief Financial Officer until August 7, 2025, and therefore was not a participant in the 2025 LTI Plan. Equity Residential 37 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Company Highlights Efficient navigation of the investments markets, including the disposition of ~$1.1B of apartment properties that funded the acquisition of ~$636.8M of apartment properties and the opportunistic repurchase of approximately $300.0 million of the Company's shares 2.6% increase in dividend rate year-over-year 40.2% 2025 same store Turnover, the lowest in the Company's history Included in both the Dow Jones Best-in-Class World and North America Indices, the first residential REIT to receive this distinction Driven by our corporate purpose of Creating communities where people thrive, in 2025 we continued our long track record of creating value through sound capital allocation, focused and proactive revenue generation and expense management while maintaining a conservative balance sheet and taking corporate responsibility into account. In doing so, we: (1) Increased our dividend by 2.6% in March 2025, reflecting the strength of the Company's business. Efficiently navigated the investment markets, including the disposition of approximately $1.1 billion of older or lower returning apartment properties at a weighted average Disposition Yield of 5.4% that funded the acquisition of approximately $636.8 million of apartment properties located in the Company's Expansion Markets at a weighted average Acquisition Cap Rate of 5.1% and a discount to replacement cost, furthering the Company's diversification goals with minimal earnings dilution. Executed an accretive capital allocation strategy while maintaining the Company's liquidity, scale and balance sheet strength by using net disposition proceeds to acquire approximately 4.8 million of our common shares, which constituted over 1% of our outstanding shares just prior to beginning repurchases in August 2025, at a weighted average purchase price of $62.03 per share, which the Company believes is a substantial discount to the Company's NAV, for an aggregate purchased amount of approximately $300.0 million in 2025 and just subsequent to the end of 2025. Produced EPS of $2.94, FFO of $3.94 per share and Normalized FFO of $3.99 per share for the full year of 2025, representing 8.1%, 4.8% and 2.6% year-over-year growth, respectively. Increased same store revenue and Same Store NOI by 2.6% and 2.2%, respectively, for the full year of 2025, which, together with Normalized FFO growth, represents top-quartile performance amongst the Company's apartment peers on a December 2025 year-to-date basis. Reported a modest 3.7% increase in same store operating expenses for the full year of 2025, reflecting the Company's continued success in managing controllable expenses as well as limited real estate tax growth. Reported same store Turnover of 40.2% for the full year of 2025, the lowest in the Company's history, which the Company believes demonstrates the depth of demand from its residents and how much they enjoy living in the Company's communities. Substantially completed construction on three projects, totaling approximately $439.0 million of development costs, which the Company expects to yield a weighted average stabilized capitalization rate of approximately 5.9% and estimates are currently valued approximately 10% above development costs. (1) See the Supplemental Appendix beginning on page 85 for definitions of capitalized terms and additional details, including reconciliations of EPS to FFO per share and Normalized FFO per share. Equity Residential 38 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Invested approximately $277.5 million in Capital Expenditures to Real Estate for Residential Same Store Properties in 2025, approximately 39% of which was NOI-Enhancing and represented Renovation Expenditures for 2,732 same store apartment units in addition to sustainability, property-level technology and ADU spend. The Company expects these NOI-Enhancing activities to generate high single to double digit returns on investment, depending on the nature of the activity. Enhanced our balance sheet, liquidity and financial flexibility by entering into a new $2.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. Issued $500.0 million in 7-year unsecured debt with a 4.95% coupon and an all-in effective yield of 5.23%. With a 20.2% reduction in energy intensity across our operations, met our goal of a 20% reduction by 2030, several years ahead of schedule. Earned membership in the S P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2025, a distinction achieved by only 10% of Corporate Sustainability Assessment participants. Were included in both the Dow Jones Best-in-Class World and North America Indices, the first residential REIT to receive this distinction and one of only four U.S. REITs to be included in both indices. Were recognized by Newsweek as one of America s Most Responsible Companies for the seventh consecutive year, a list of top performing companies in corporate social responsibility matters in the U.S. Were named one of Sustainalytics Top-Rated ESG Companies for 2025, recognized as Regional Top Rated for 2025. These highlights were some of the key drivers of performance against the Annual Incentive