=== PNW_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. OVERVIEW Business Overview Pinnacle West is an investor-owned electric utility holding company based in Phoenix, Arizona with consolidated assets of approximately $30 billion. We derive essentially all of our revenues and earnings from our principal subsidiary, APS. Since 1886, APS and its affiliates have provided energy and energy-related products to people and businesses throughout Arizona. APS is Arizona s largest and longest-serving electric company and generates safe, affordable and reliable electricity for approximately 1.4 million retail customers in 11 of Arizona s 15 counties. APS is also the operator and co-owner of Palo Verde a primary source of electricity for the southwestern United States. Our other active subsidiaries are El Dorado and PNW Power. Strategic Overview Our vision is to create a sustainable energy future for Arizona. Our mission is to serve customers with safe, reliable, and affordable energy. We are committed to delivering operational excellence at the lowest cost possible while aspiring to lower carbon emissions over time. Reliable As energy demand in Arizona continues to grow, we remain committed to delivering reliable service to our customers. We have a goal of achieving top quartile reliability as compared to peers. Key elements to delivering reliable service include resource and transmission planning to secure resource adequacy, planning and procuring resources to ensure sufficient reserve margins, distribution automation and resiliency investments, predictive and preventative maintenance programs, seasonal readiness programs, emergency preparedness, and securing a reliable supply chain. Securing a reliable grid requires ongoing infrastructure investments in addition to investments to support new customer growth. Balanced Energy Mix . APS strives to procure a balanced energy mix, and we believe this provides the greatest reliability at the lowest cost possible while increasing resiliency. We achieve reliability, in part, through a blend of dispatchable resources, such as natural gas and battery storage, that can provide energy when intermittent resources, such as wind and solar, are unavailable. APS regularly 56 Table of Contents evaluates the best mix of resources based on a changing operating environment, including changes in generation technology, economics, and policy impacts. Additional natural gas capacity is necessary to support reliable service and meet increasing energy needs. However, existing natural gas pipelines into Arizona are currently 100% committed. As a result, in July 2025, APS executed a gas transportation precedent agreement to secure a long-term supply of natural gas. The new pipeline is expected to be operational by late 2029 and will be owned and operated by a third-party. See Note 14 for more information. APS also plans to add up to 2,000 MW of flexible natural gas generation to its portfolio, designed to help meet the growing around-the-clock energy needs in Arizona. This generation is expected to serve existing customers and business-as-usual growth through our competitive ASRFP process as well as a new subscription model for large load customers, like data centers and large manufacturers. This subscription model is a commercial construct designed to ensure growth pays for growth while protecting affordability for other customers. Palo Verde, one of the nation s largest carbon-free energy resources, serves as a foundational part of APS s resource portfolio. The plant is a critical asset to the Southwest, generating more than 32 million MWh enough power for roughly 3.4 million households, or approximately 8.5 million people. Its continued operation is important to a carbon-neutral future for Arizona and the region, as a reliable, continuous, affordable resource and as a large contributor to the local economy. APS owns or leases 29.1% of Units 1, 2, and 3 Palo Verde. In June 2025, APS entered into agreements to purchase two of the three leased interests in Unit 2. The two subject leased interests represented approximately 7% or 94 MW of Unit 2. The transaction closed in September 2025, leaving one remaining lease for approximately 5.2% of Unit 2 that expires in 2033. See Note 12 for more information. APS s rate case application filed in 2025 (the 2025 Rate Case ) includes pro forma adjustments to account for these acquisitions. APS continues to evaluate and pursue options for reliably serving growing customer energy needs and demand. Wildfire Efforts . Wildfire safety remains a critical focus for APS and other utilities. APS has increased investment in fire mitigation efforts to clear defensible space around its infrastructure, continue ongoing system upgrades, build partnerships with government entities and first responders, and educate customers and communities. APS also increased spend on mitigating the risk associated with trees that could cause hazards, resulting in more of these trees being removed before they could cause outages or wildfires. These programs contribute to customer reliability, responsible forest management and safe communities. With wildfire events in Hawaii, California, and across North America over the last few years, APS has been devoting and intends to continue to devote substantial efforts to analyzing and developing enhancements to its systems and processes to mitigate fire risk within its service territory and communities, including by hardening our infrastructure, deploying new technologies where appropriate, increasing our awareness, implementing operational changes, and enhancing our wildfire response capabilities. APS uses fire modeling software to identify and calculate risk and target future system improvement investments such as fire-resistant pole wrapping, wood to steel pole conversions, and additional remote-controllable field devices like reclosers and switches. In 2024, APS began installing a system of artificial intelligence-based fire sensing cameras with the ability to detect and alert on fire ignitions. These alerts are sent both to APS and fire response dispatch centers to speed fire response in APS s service territory regardless of the cause of the fire. APS also implemented a public safety power shutoff ( PSPS ) program on certain feeders that began in the 2024 fire season, leveraging the additional real-time analysis provided by the modeling software. APS has educated and will continue education outreach to customers and communities that may potentially be impacted by the PSPS program. 57 Table of Contents APS was selected by DOE s Grid Deployment Office ( GDO ) to receive up to $70 million in federal money for fire mitigation and grid infrastructure projects. This funding is part of the GDO s Grid Resilience and Innovation Partnership Program and is contingent on APS negotiating and executing final grant agreements with GDO. Additionally, on May 12, 2025, Arizona Governor Hobbs signed into law a bill that requires Arizona electric utilities to develop and seek approval for wildfire mitigation plans and defines the standard of care with respect to wildfire-related claims by reference to such plans. APS continues to evaluate policy and regulatory options, as well as insurance programs, to mitigate the impact of wildfire events. Affordable We are committed to keeping bills as low as possible for our customers while maintaining high levels of reliability. Inflation has dramatically impacted the cost of goods and services in recent years as shown by the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers ( CPI-U ), which from 2018 through 2024 rose nationally 24.9% and 32.1% in Phoenix. Despite this, APS s average residential rates remained well-below those inflation figures, rising 16.2% for the same period according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. Inflation has moderated from earlier highs, with CPI-U rising 2.7% nationally and 2.2% in Phoenix over the 12 months ended December 2025. As a result of increased tariffs and supply chain constraints, APS amended several of its agreements from its ASRFP issued in 2023 to mitigate these cost impacts. However, APS remains cautious of potential price increases as a result of current and proposed tariffs, which could lead to higher costs and supply chain constraints, while also monitoring the outcome of the recent U.S. Supreme Court s decision regarding the validity of certain tariffs. APS s customer affordability initiative includes internal opportunities, such as training and mentoring employees on identifying efficiency opportunities; maintaining inventory to take advantage of lower pricing and avoid expediting fees; entering into long-term contracts to hedge against price volatility, which has allowed APS to mitigate against procurement spend on critical items such as transformers; and implementing automation technologies to enhance efficiencies and increase data-oriented decision making. The customer affordability initiative also includes external opportunities, including a portfolio of customer programs designed to help customers reduce and manage their bills. In the 2025 Rate Case, APS is also seeking to reduce cross-subsidization of customer classes and ensure that growth pays for growth by requesting modifications to its cost allocation methodologies. APS continues to seek opportunities to streamline its business processes, mitigate cost increases, increase employee retention, and improve customer satisfaction. APS s IRP and competitive ASRFP processes serve important roles in providing reliable and affordable energy to APS s customers. The IRP process helps identify the amount and type of resources required to reliably meet customer needs, while the ASRFP process seeks to meet those needs in a competitive manner based on cost, ability to meet system requirements, and commercial viability. APS has seen increasing demand from large load customers in recent years. In the 2025 Rate Case, APS requested adjustments to rate designs and modification of cost allocation methodologies to ensure growth pays for growth. In line with the 2025 Rate Case, APS has developed a subscription model it believes will allow for these large load customers to fund the incremental infrastructure needed to serve them through long-term contracts where they cover capital costs and assume development risks, accelerating their path to service and ensuring those infrastructure costs are borne by those customers rather than residential or small business customers. 58 Table of Contents There are also external opportunities that allow APS to deliver more affordable energy to customers, such as APS s participation in western energy markets and programs. APS participated in market design and tariff development of Markets+, a day-ahead and real-time market offering from SPP. The Markets+ tariff was filed with FERC on March 29, 2024 and was approved on January 16, 2025. APS is a funding party to the implementation phase of Markets+ and expects to go live in the market in October 2027. In addition, APS is participating in the Western Resource Adequacy Program administered by Western Power Pool and plans to transition to full-binding participation in 2027 or 2028. These regional efforts are driven by the objectives of reducing customer cost and improving reliability. Until the transition to Markets+, APS will continue to participate in the WEIM as a tool for creating savings for APS s customers from the real-time only, voluntary market. APS expects that its participation in the WEIM and future participation in Markets+ will lower its fuel and purchased-power costs, improve situational awareness for systems operations in the Western Interconnection, and improve integration of APS s resources. Resource Planning Prioritizing Reliability and Affordability APS remains focused on providing reliable energy at the lowest cost possible while striving to lower emissions over time and continues to look for opportunities to support reliability through dispatchable resources, such as gas and the potential extension of coal beyond 2031. APS s diverse portfolio of existing and planned resources includes biomass, biogas, coal, energy storage, geothermal, natural gas, nuclear, solar, and wind. Every three years, APS performs an IRP, a comprehensive study to identify what resources will be necessary to safely, reliably, and affordably meet the demand and energy needs of its customers over the next 15 years. In November 2023, APS released its latest IRP, which identified forecasted customer demand and energy needs growing at an unprecedented rate. In developing the IRP, APS considered how factors such as forecasted economic growth, impacts from weather, and new resource technology availability impact the amount and type of resources required to reliably and affordably meet customer needs. These factors, among others, were used to develop a plan that identified a balanced mix of diverse energy-generating resources to reliably serve customers future energy needs. To help ensure competitive costs for resources procured by APS, APS regularly issues competitive bid solicitations through the ASRFP process, with the most recent ASRFP being issued in 2025. These ASRFPs are open to bids for all resource types, including customer-scale (behind the meter) and utility-scale (in front of the meter) resources. APS selects projects out of ASRFPs based on cost, ability to meet system requirements, and commercial viability, taking into consideration timing and likelihood of successful contracting and development. Guided by IRP-established timelines and quantities, APS maintains a flexible approach that allows it to optimize system reliability and customer affordability through the ASRFP process. Agreements for the development and completion of future resources are subject to various conditions, including successful siting, permitting and interconnection to the electric grid. Consistent with recent ASRFPs, APS remains focused on contracting for resources that can withstand supply chain pressures and volatility and seeks a balanced portfolio that is resilient to other external pressures, including those arising from the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment. In terms of recent solicitations, APS issued an ASRFP on June 30, 2023, pursuant to which APS procured 3,606 MW of battery storage, 517 MW of natural gas, 2,649 MW of solar, and 500 MW of wind resources expected to be in service from 2026 to 2028. APS issued another ASRFP on November 20, 2024, pursuant to which it signed an amendment and extension to an existing gas tolling agreement, increasing it to 600 MW beginning in 2027 and extending the term to 2038 and is currently negotiating 59 Table of Contents additional agreements. The scope of projects being negotiated out of the 2024 ASRFP reflects both the expanse of the 2023 ASRFP and the reality of adjusting to tariffs and changing federal policy. In its most recent ASRFP, issued on November 19, 2025, APS is seeking at least 1,000 MW of resources that can reach commercial operation between 2029 and 2031, but APS will also consider projects that can achieve commercial operation earlier or later. APS has an aspirational goal to be carbon-neutral by 2050. This means that for any GHG emissions still produced by our generation resources as of 2050, we will aim to offset these emissions elsewhere. This goal reflects APS s interest in new innovation and market transformations that address carbon emissions, while relying on the IRP and ASRFP processes to help determine the path forward. Customer-Focused Serving customers with excellence is foundational to APS s business and remains our core focus as we adapt to evolving customer needs and emerging technology. Recognizing that every employee impacts our customer experience, we continue to provide information, tools, and resources enabling our teams to design, develop, and implement enhancements to improve our customer experience. APS s 24/7 call center answers more than 75% of customer calls within 30 seconds, and our mobile platforms enable our more than one million customers to quickly and easily find the information they need when they need it. We seek to provide relevant and valuable options for customers to manage their bill, including through rate plan options, programs that help them save energy and money, and alerts and notifications that help keep them aware of outages, payments, and usage. APS recently introduced a high-bill analyzer tool enabling phone advisors to provide customers with specific, customized guidance based on their actual usage and habits. Additionally, APS offers a customer assistance program, including up to a 60% bill discount for vulnerable customers, flexible payment arrangements, and emergency utility bill assistance. To ensure customers in need are connected to these programs, we partner with nearly one hundred community action agencies across our service territory to train representatives who serve our shared customers. Developing Technologies New Nuclear Generation . Along with other Arizona electric utilities, APS is exploring additional nuclear generation to provide around-the-clock carbon-free energy to meet rising energy demands in Arizona. APS has been monitoring emerging nuclear technologies, ranging from newer proposed and installed versions of large-scale reactors to small modular nuclear reactors. Small modular nuclear reactors are typically designed to generate 300 MW or less of energy per unit compared to, for example, the 1,400 MW per unit generated at Palo Verde. The utilities have applied for a grant from DOE to begin preliminary exploration of a potential site for additional nuclear energy for Arizona. The grant could support a three-year site selection process and possible preparation of an early site permit application to NRC. Long Duration Energy Storage . Continued technological innovation in long duration energy storage, which represents storage products which provide more than four hours of service, has led to decreasing cost of these solutions and an increase in their procurement, development, and deployment. These solutions include lithium and non-lithium battery chemistries, alternative natural gas-fired fuel cells 60 Table of Contents and turbine units, and pumped hydropower. We will continue to evaluate these technologies and their ability to provide reliability, affordability, and balance to our portfolio. Carbon Capture . CCS technologies can isolate carbon dioxide and either sequester it permanently in geologic formations or convert it for use in products. Currently, almost all existing fossil fuel generators do not control carbon emissions the way they control emissions of other air pollutants such as sulfur dioxide or oxides of nitrogen. CCS technologies are still in the demonstration phase and while they show promise, they are still being tested in real-world conditions. These technologies could potentially reduce carbon emissions from fossil fuel-fired generation. Artificial Intelligence . To address the rapid advancement of AI technology risks and opportunities, APS has developed an AI strategy to responsibly utilize AI to advance our business strategy, enhance customer and employee experiences, and optimize operational reliability. At the core of our AI strategy is a robust governance model that develops guidance, policies, and relevant sub-strategies for the execution of AI projects at the Company. To ensure compliance with data security, reliability requirements, and our Code of Ethical Conduct, governance and oversight are provided by leadership and experts from our information technology, cybersecurity, human resources, ethics, supply chain, legal, and nuclear generation teams. Regulatory Overview 2025 Rate Case On June 13, 2025, APS filed an application with the ACC seeking a net base rate increase of $579.5 million, which represents a 13.99% net increase. The requested net increase addresses a total base revenue deficiency of $662.4 million, offset by proposed adjustor transfers of cost recovery to base rates. The 2025 Rate Case application includes the following proposals: a test year comprised of the 12-month period ended on December 31, 2024, including certain pro forma adjustments; 12 months of post-test year plant placed into service from January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2025; an original cost rate base of $12.5 billion, which approximates the ACC-jurisdictional portion of the book value of utility assets, net of accumulated depreciation and other credits; the following proposed capital structure and costs of capital: Capital Structure Cost of Capital Long-term debt 47.65 % 4.26 % Common stock equity 52.35 % 10.70 % Weighted-average cost of capital 7.63 % a 1% return on the increment of fair value rate base above APS s original cost rate base, as provided for by Arizona law; a rate of $0.043881 per kWh for the portion of APS s base rates attributable to fuel and purchased power costs; adjustments to rate designs, including direct assignment of costs, to reduce cross-subsidization by certain customer classes; 61 Table of Contents modification of cost allocation methodologies based on customer growth to ensure customers causing new production costs are covering those costs through rates, along with corresponding changes to adjustor mechanisms, such as for fuel and purchased power; implementation of a FRAM to assist with reducing regulatory lag and allow for rate gradualism; elimination of the LFCR following the first annual adjustment pursuant to the FRAM; and modification to the SRB due to the FRAM proposal. APS requested that the increase become effective in the second half of 2026. The hearing for this rate case is currently scheduled to begin in May 2026. APS cannot predict the outcome of its request nor when the 2025 Rate Case will be decided by the ACC. 2022 Rate Case On October 28, 2022, APS filed an application with the ACC (the 2022 Rate Case ) for an increase in retail base rates, and on January 25, 2024, an Administrative Law Judge issued a ROO, as corrected on February 6, 2024 (the 2022 Rate Case ROO ). On February 22, 2024, the ACC approved the 2022 Rate Case ROO with certain amendments that resulted in, among other things, (i) an approximately $491.7 million increase in the annual base revenue requirement, (ii) a 9.55% return on equity, (iii) a 0.25% return on the increment of fair value rate base greater than original cost, (iv) an effective fair value rate of return of 4.39%, (v) a return set at the Company s weighted average cost of capital on the net prepaid pension asset and net other post-employment benefit liability in rate base, (vi) an adjustment to generation maintenance and outage expense to reflect a more reasonable level of test year costs, (vii) approval of the SRB mechanism with modifications to customer notifications, procedural timelines and the inclusion of any qualifying technology and fuel source bid received through an ASRFP, and (viii) recovery of all DSM costs through the DSM Adjustment Charge ( DSMAC ) rather than through base rates. The ACC issued the final order for the 2022 Rate Case on March 5, 2024, with the new rates becoming effective for all service rendered on or after March 8, 2024. Six intervenors and the Attorney General of Arizona requested rehearing on various issues included in the ACC s decision, such as the grid access charge ( GAC ) for solar customers, the SRB, and Coal Community Transition funding. On April 15, 2024, the ACC granted, in part, the rehearing applications of the Attorney General, Arizona Solar Energy Industries Association ( AriSEIA ), Solar Energy Industries Association ( SEIA ), and Vote Solar specifically to review whether the GAC rate is just and reasonable, including whether it should be higher or lower, whether the GAC rate constitutes a discriminatory fee to solar customers, and whether omission of a GAC charge is discriminatory to non-solar customers. All other applications for rehearing were denied. A limited rehearing was held October 28 through November 1, 2024. Following the limited rehearing, an Administrative Law Judge issued a ROO (the Limited Rehearing ROO ) on December 3, 2024. The Limited Rehearing ROO recommended affirming the GAC as just and reasonable and that the GAC is not discriminatory to solar customers and the absence of a GAC is not discriminatory to non-solar customers. On December 17, 2024, the ACC approved the Limited Rehearing ROO with an amendment that requires APS in its next rate case to propose a revenue allocation based on a site-load cost of service study in order to bring further parity in revenue collection between solar and non-solar customers. SEIA, AriSEIA, Vote Solar, the Arizona Attorney General, and two individual customers have filed requests for rehearing of the ACC s December 17, 2024 decision on the rehearing. The ACC has taken no action on these requests. In addition, each of these parties have 62 Table of Contents subsequently filed an appeal to the Arizona Court of Appeals seeking review of the ACC s decisions regarding the GAC and on rehearing. APS cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings. Regulatory Lag Docket On January 5, 2023, the ACC opened a new docket to explore the possibility of modifications to the ACC s historical test year rules. The ACC requested comments and held two workshops exploring ways to reduce regulatory lag, including alternative ratemaking structures such as future test years, hybrid test years, and formula rates. On December 3, 2024, the ACC approved a policy statement regarding formula rate plans. The policy statement provides regulated utilities with the opportunity to propose formula rate plans in future rate cases. On March 28, 2025, the Residential Utility Consumer Office ( RUCO ), the Arizona Large Customer Group ( ALCG ), and an individual customer filed a lawsuit challenging the ACC s authority to issue the formula rate policy statement outside of Arizona s formula rulemaking process. On June 13, 2025, the lawsuit challenging the ACC s formula rate policy was dismissed by the Superior Court of Maricopa County. Following the dismissal, the plaintiffs filed an appeal with the Arizona Court of Appeals as well as a Petition for Special Action with the Arizona Supreme Court. The Supreme Court declined to exercise jurisdiction on the Petition for Special Action. The plaintiffs also filed a Petition for Special Action with the Arizona Court of Appeals, which has accepted jurisdiction to determine whether the case should be remanded back to the Superior Court for expedited consideration of the merits. On November 21, 2025, the Arizona Court of Appeals ruled that the issue should be remanded back to the Superior Court to determine whether the ACC s formula rate policy must go through a formal rulemaking process. In response, APS, the ACC, and several other Arizona utility companies filed petitions for review of the Court of Appeals decision with the Arizona Supreme Court, which is pending at this time. APS cannot predict the outcome of this matter. See Note 8 for more information regarding these and additional regulatory matters. Captive Insurance Cell Pinnacle West is the primary beneficiary of a protected cell captive insurance cell. The Captive provides insurance coverage to Pinnacle West and our subsidiaries that supplements commercial and mutual insurance coverage. The Captive insures Pinnacle West and its subsidiaries for terrorism coverage, excess liability including certain wildfire coverage, excess property insurance, and excess employment practice liability. The Captive policies exclude nuclear liability at Palo Verde. See Note 12. The Captive may hold investment assets in cash, cash equivalents, and equity and fixed income instruments. Tax Incentives The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ( IRA ) significantly expanded the availability of tax credits for investments in clean energy generation technologies and energy storage. Key provisions included (i) an extension of tax credits for solar and wind generation, including a new option for solar investments to claim a PTC in lieu of the ITC beginning in 2022; (ii) expansion of the ITC to cover stand-alone energy storage technology beginning in 2023; (iii) introduction of technology neutral clean energy ITCs and PTCs beginning in 2025; and (iv) introduction of a new PTC for nuclear energy produced by existing nuclear energy plants, available from 2024 through 2032. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ( OBBBA ), was signed into law. The OBBBA curtailed several clean energy tax credits initially passed in the IRA, including a new phase out deadline for wind and solar ITCs and PTCs that requires projects to either begin construction within one year of 63 Table of Contents enactment or be placed in service by December 31, 2027. Additionally, the OBBBA contained provisions restricting clean energy projects, including energy storage, which begin construction after December 31, 2025, and receive material assistance from a prohibited foreign entity, from being eligible for clean energy ITCs or PTCs. The Company believes that its projects which are currently under construction will continue to qualify for IRA tax credits. See Note 5 for information on Palo Verde s nuclear PTC. The Company is continuing to analyze the OBBBA and is awaiting regulations and other guidance as to the application of these new rules to projects not currently under construction. Financial Strength and Flexibility We believe that Pinnacle West and APS currently have ample borrowing capacity under their respective credit facilities and may readily access these facilities ensuring adequate liquidity for each company. Capital expenditures are anticipated to be funded with internally generated cash and external financings, which may include issuances of long-term debt and Pinnacle