=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-26-000026_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw033126exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 4, 2025 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS 2026 FIRST-QUARTER FINANCIAL RESULTS Hotter-than-normal weather drives increase in customer sales and usage Customer growth of 2.2% continues to underscore a strong Arizona economy APS employees focus on critical summer preparedness and reliability PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $32.9 million, or $0.27 per diluted share of common stock, for the quarter ended March 31, 2026. This result compares with a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $4.6 million, or a loss of $0.04 per diluted share, for the same period in 2025. The results reflect an increase of approximately $38 million, primarily as a result of higher transmission revenues lower operations and maintenance expenses the effects of weather and customer growth, usage and related pricing. These positive factors were partially offset by higher interest charges higher income taxes and higher depreciation and amortization expenses. Phoenix and much of Arizona just went through its warmest winter on record, and the heat didn t let up as we moved into spring, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ted Geisler. As a result, our first quarter results exceeded expectations, with our retail customers using much more energy than they typically would under normal weather conditions. Impacts of Weather on Customer Usage Along with robust customer growth of 2.2% and weather-normalized sales growth of 9.4% during the quarter, weather variations spurred an increase in overall customer energy consumption. During the 2026 first-quarter, the average daytime high and overnight low temperatures were 8.6% and 11.9% higher, respectively, than last year s comparable period and both figures easily beat historical averages by double-digits. The month of February ranked as Arizona s hottest ever February, reducing the need for customers to run their heating systems. The warming trend then intensified into a historic March, shattering long-standing heat records across the state and the entire southwestern U.S. Arizona s March temperatures averaged 12.1 degrees above normal, with Phoenix recording its earliest 100 degree day ever on March 18, the first of nine days of 100-degrees or greater in the month. The historically warm March temperatures meant home and businesses air conditioners were running more often than usual, resulting in cooling load levels and higher average energy use that typically would not be reached until May. Planning Ahead and Ensuring Summer Reliability Geisler said that as new families, businesses, and industries choose Arizona for its opportunities and quality of life, that growth comes with a responsibility to plan ahead, invest wisely and ensure that every community APS serves rural and urban, large and small has access to safe and reliable energy. That responsibility shapes every decision we make, including keeping customer bills as low as possible, he said. Additionally, employees are staying focused on the critical preparations needed to ensure reliable power throughout the upcoming peak summer season. Whether it s enhancing the company s already vigorous wildfire mitigation program, running emergency operations drills, securing critical spare equipment, or performing preventative maintenance across power plants, substations and other infrastructure, the company s top priority remains delivering safe and reliable power for all our customers, especially during the upcoming summer months, he said. That is our core responsibility, and we do not take it lightly. The company continues to add new infrastructure to support growth and reliability, while also securing extra energy resources for the summer. APS employees also are wrapping up a scheduled maintenance and refueling outage for Unit 2 at Palo Verde Generating Station. As one of the nation s largest power producers and a key source of clean energy for the Southwest, the three unit nuclear plant remains central to meeting the region s heavy summer demand. Financial Outlook For 2026, the Company continues to estimate its consolidated earnings will be within a range of $4.55 to $4.75 per diluted share on a weather-normalized basis. Key factors and assumptions underlying this outlook can be found in the first-quarter 2026 earnings presentation slides at pinnaclewest.com investors. Conference Call and Webcast Pinnacle West invites interested parties to listen to the live webcast of management s conference call to discuss the company s financial results and recent developments, and to provide an update on the company s longer-term financial outlook, at noon ET (9 a.m. Arizona time) today, May 4. The webcast can be accessed at pinnaclewest.com presentations and will be available for replay on the website for 30 days. To access the live conference call by telephone, dial (888) 506-0062 or (973) 528-0011 for international callers and enter participant access code 699156 . A replay of the call also will be available at pinnaclewest.com presentations or by telephone until 11 59 p.m. ET, Monday, May 11, 2026, by calling (877) 481-4010 in the U.S. and Canada or (919) 882-2331 internationally and entering replay passcode 53811. General Information Pinnacle West Capital Corp., an energy holding company based in Phoenix, has consolidated assets of about $31 billion, about 6,200 megawatts of generating capacity and approximately 6,600 employees in Arizona and New Mexico. Through its principal subsidiary, Arizona Public Service, the company provides retail electricity service to about 1.5 million Arizona homes and businesses. For more information about Pinnacle West, visit the company s website at pinnaclewest.com. Dollar amounts in this news release are after income taxes. Earnings per share amounts are based on average diluted common shares outstanding. For more information on Pinnacle West s operating statistics and earnings, please visit pinnaclewest.com investors. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These forward-looking statements are often identified by words such as estimate, predict, may, believe, plan, expect, require, intend, assume

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-26-000010_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pnw202512318kexhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 25, 2026 Media Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Analyst Contacts Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS 2025 FULL-YEAR AND FOURTH-QUARTER RESULTS Full-year financial results positively impacted by robust customer and sales growth Operating performance, customer reliability remain strong Company continues prioritizing keeping bills as low as possible for customers PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $616.5 million, or $5.05 per diluted share, for full-year 2025. This result compares with net income of $608.8 million, or $5.24 per diluted share, in 2024. For the quarter ended Dec. 31, 2025, Pinnacle West reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $15.4 million, or $0.13 per diluted share, compared with a net loss of $6.8 million, or a loss of $0.06 per diluted share, for the same period in 2024. The higher 2025 full-year results reflect an increase of about $8 million, primarily as a result of increased customer usage, customer growth and related pricing higher transmission revenues and impacts of the 2022 rate case, offset by the effects of weather and higher net interest, pension and other post-retirement, operations and maintenance and amortization expenses. APS, our principal subsidiary, continues to experience significant customer and sales growth as more people move to Arizona, and businesses and commercial operations choose our service territory to locate and expand, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and CEO Ted Geisler. As a result, our 2025 earnings reflect this positive growth pattern and the significant investments being made to expand and reinforce the infrastructure needed to support the collective demand for electricity across our service territory. APS experienced robust customer growth of 2.4% in 2025 and anticipates projected average annual growth in the range of 1.5% to 2.5% through 2030. Not surprisingly, these changes are driving a significant increase in energy consumption. APS also experienced weather-normalized, year-over-year retail electricity sales growth of 5.0% in 2025 (at the midpoint of projections). Over the next five years, future sales are expected to increase between 5% and 7% annually due in large part to the expected additions of several large commercial and manufacturing facilities. Geisler highlighted how, even amid this remarkable growth, employees worked tirelessly to keep the lights on and air conditioners running throughout the year especially during Arizona s exceptionally intense 2025 summer, the third hottest ever recorded. Our diverse generation fleet delivered high-level performance when our customers absolutely needed it most, he said. APS customers set three all-time peak demand records each higher than the last and peak demand in 2025 rose more than 5% over the prior year. Even with the intense demand, our system continued to perform at a high level, placing APS among the top quartile of utilities nationwide for reliability. Despite these strengths, Geisler said APS continues to earn well below its allowed return, underscoring the importance of constructive regulatory outcomes and timely investment recovery needed to serve one of the nation s fastest-growing regions, while at the same time working to ensure affordability remains a top priority for the company and its employees. Keeping Bills as Low as Possible and Delivering Superior Customer Experience Amid national inflationary pressures, we are committed to keeping bills as low as possible for our customers. In 2025 alone, we expanded customer assistance programs, connecting Arizonans to about $70 million in annual support (most in the state) and reinforcing our commitment to protect households most in need, he said. Additionally, since 2021, the company has provided more than $6 million for statewide heat-relief initiatives and helped sustain 211 Arizona, a service that helps residents access critical health, housing and human-services support. These and other company-wide efforts helped provide a more seamless customer experience that was recognized by APS customers, as measured by two prominent market research firms, J.D. Power and Escalent. In 2025, APS earned first-quartile national rankings in the J.D. Power Business Customer Satisfaction Study and in its Utility Digital Experience Study for residential customers, respectively evidence of our work to elevate service, simplify customer interactions and modernize our systems. In a similar survey by market research firm Escalent, we ended the year in the first quartile among large IOUs for overall customer satisfaction among residential customers and second quartile among business customers. Geisler emphasized that employees remain focused on delivering value by keeping costs in check, strengthening reliability, and raising customer satisfaction, positioning the company for a solid year in 2026. Financial Outlook For 2026, the Company continues to estimate its consolidated earnings will be within a range of $4.55 to $4.75 per diluted share on a weather-normalized basis. Key factors and assumptions underlying this outlook can be found in the year-end fourth-quarter 2025 earnings presentation slides at pinnaclewest.com investors. Conference Call and Webcast Pinnacle West invites interested parties to listen to the live webcast of management s conference call to discuss the Company s financial results and recent developments, and to provide an update on the company s longer-term financial outlook, at 11 a.m. ET (9 a.m. Arizona time) today, Feb. 25. The webcast can be accessed at pinnaclewest.com presentations and will be available for replay on the website for 30 days. To access the live conference call by telephone, dial (888) 506-0062 or (973) 528-0011 for international callers and enter participant access code 131060 . A replay of the call also will be available at pinnaclewest.com presentations or by telephone until 11 59 p.m. ET, Wednesday, March 4, 2026, by calling (877) 481-4010 in the U.S. and Canada or (919) 882-2331 internationally and entering replay passcode 53534. General Information Pinnacle West Capital Corp., an energy holding company based in Phoenix, has consolidated assets of about $30 billion, about 6,200 megawatts of generating capacity and approximately

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-25-000086_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw093025exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE November 3, 2025 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS 2025 THIRD-QUARTER FINANCIAL RESULTS Customer growth, summer heat drive increase in sales and usage Operating performance, customer reliability remain strong Company expands support for community and utility bill assistance programs PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders for the 2025 third quarter of $413.2 million, or $3.39 per diluted share of common stock. This result compares with consolidated net income of $395.0 million, or $3.37 per share of common stock, for the same period a year ago. However, through the first three quarters of the current year, the company s earnings were 2.4% lower than in the first nine months of 2024. The 2025 third-quarter results reflect an increase of about $18 million compared to the 2024 third quarter, primarily as a result of increased customer usage, customer growth and related pricing higher transmission service revenues lower operations and maintenance expenses higher AFUDC lower depreciation and amortization expenses mostly due to operations ceasing at Cholla, partially offset by increased plant additions and intangible assets. These positive factors were partially offset by the unfavorable impacts of weather effects versus the same period a year ago higher interest charges lower pension and other post-retirement non-service credits higher income taxes due to higher pre-tax income and lower tax credits. Driven by one of the fastest-growing service territories in the country and the third-hottest Arizona summer on record, we experienced an increase in retail sales that helped contribute to solid third-quarter financial results, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ted Geisler. In addition, our employees continued to do what they do best maintaining reliable electric service for our 1.4 million customers. Our diverse generation fleet including critical baseload generating plants like Palo Verde and Four Corners performed well, ensuring we met our customers energy needs. Providing Reliable Power Amid Record Growth and Demand In addition to robust customer growth of 2.4% and weather-normalized sales growth of 5.4% (largely boosted by residential sales growth of 4.3%) during the quarter, weather variations also spurred an increase in customers energy consumption. While the average high and low temperatures were lower during the 2025 third quarter compared to last year s record-setting third quarter, both periods recorded temperatures well over historical averages. As a result, the number of residential cooling degree-days (a utility s measure of the effects of weather) in this year s third quarter was 9.1% higher than historical 10-year averages. On August 7, Arizona Public Service (APS) customers set an all-time record peak demand of 8,631 megawatts (MW), the third time this summer that demand surpassed the previous record set in 2024. These milestones mark the third consecutive year of record-breaking summer demand and underscore the strength of APS s careful, long-term planning for adequate resources, combined with equipment maintenance programs and innovative customer demand side programs. Arizona s rapid population and economic growth further reinforce the importance of APS s reliability and resiliency efforts. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, annual population gains in Maricopa County (home of the Phoenix metropolitan area) are among the highest in the United States since 2016. Arizona s business climate is equally strong. Site Selection Magazine recently named Maricopa County the top U.S. region for economic development, fueled in part by Phoenix s tech momentum and advanced manufacturing boom. And, according to CBRE s 2025 Scoring Tech Talent Report, Phoenix is now among the top 20 tech markets in North America. Planning Ahead for Arizona s Energy Future As more people and businesses choose to move to Arizona, Geisler said the company remains focused on delivering safe, reliable and resilient energy to power the state s future supporting customers, communities and the economy, alike. APS intends to invest more than $2.5 billion annually through 2028 for infrastructure additions and upgrades. In addition to already planned distribution and transmission improvements, last week APS announced plans for a proposed natural gas power plant site, that would be built near Gila Bend, Ariz., capable of adding up to 2,000 MW of reliable and flexible generation to APS s system. The Desert Sun Power Plant would support increasing energy needs from existing customers, as well as addressing unprecedented requests from extra-large energy users, such as data centers and manufacturers. The plant is expected to be completed in two phases. Phase One (expected to enter service by late-2030) would support existing customers, plus new residential and business customers outside of the extra-large segment. Phase Two is earmarked for new, extra-large energy users and would be paid for by those customers through APS s proposed subscription model, part of the company s growth pays for growth strategy. This approach helps ensure that extra-large energy users pay for infrastructure they need without compromising reliability and affordability for the families and businesses that also count on APS for energy. Natural gas plays a vital role in providing around-the-clock reliability, especially during peak hours when solar and wind resources are unavailable, said Geisler. It is a critical component in our portfolio of diverse energy resources that ensures our customers have the reliable energy they need to live comfortably and do business in Arizona, while also keeping customer bills as low as possible. Focus on Community Resilience and Financial Support While APS s infrastructure investments help ensure the grid will meet Arizona s growing energy needs, Geisler added that the company s commitment goes beyond reliability. While summer has ended and temperatures have begun to cool off, some of our customers continue to face economic hardships that make it a challenge to pay their bills or make repairs to vital heating and cooling equipment, he said. As a result, we are partnering with community nonprofits that can provide 

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-25-000070_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw063025exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE August 6, 2025 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS LOWER 2025 SECOND-QUARTER FINANCIAL RESULTS COMPARED TO A YEAR AGO Milder weather drives quarter-over-quarter earnings decrease Operating performance, reliability remain strong amidst robust customer and sales growth of 2.4% and 5.2%, respectively Company continues to prioritize reliability and affordability PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported a consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $192.6 million, or $1.58 per diluted share of common stock, for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. This result compares with consolidated net income of $203.8 million, or $1.76 per diluted share, for the same period in 2024. Additionally, through the first two quarters of the current year, the company's net income was 14.8% lower than its net income in the first half of 2024. The 2025 second-quarter results reflect a decrease of about $11 million, primarily as a result of the effects of weather higher operations and maintenance expense lower pension and other postretirement non-service credits higher depreciation and amortization expense mostly due to increased plant additions and intangible assets higher interest charges and higher income taxes due to lower tax credits, partially offset by lower pre-tax income. These negative factors were partially offset by the favorable impacts of higher transmission revenues increased customer usage and growth higher AFUDC and higher other income due to investment gains at subsidiary El Dorado. While our second-quarter financial results were within our expectations, they were lower than the same period in 2024 due in large part to cooler weather compared to last year s record-high temperatures, including the hottest June on record, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ted Geisler, citing 15.4% fewer cooling degree-days (a utility s measure of the effects of weather) in 2025 s second quarter versus last year s second quarter. Given how big an impact air conditioning has on energy use here in Arizona, it s no surprise that the cooler weather resulted in lower earnings this quarter. Operationally, Geisler said company employees continue to execute well, ensuring reliable customer service amid the extreme summer temperatures and increased customer demand during the 2025 second quarter, when Arizona Public Service Co. (APS), the company s principal subsidiary, experienced robust customer and sales growth of 2.4% and 5.2%, respectively. That growth contributed to APS customers setting an all-time record peak demand of 8,527 megawatts on July 9, eclipsing the previous record of 8,210 MW set in August 2024. The company was able to meet this record demand by ensuring its diverse generation fleet comprised of nuclear, coal, gas and renewables operated efficiently and reliably. Setting a new peak for the third straight year was not unexpected given that Arizona continues to benefit from increasing customer demand, population growth and economic diversity. Celebrating 40 years of Reliable, Low-Cost Energy Production In June 2025, the Palo Verde Generating Station celebrated 40 years of delivering reliable, affordable and clean energy to Arizona supplying about 27% of the state s electricity and delivering power to more than 4 million homes and businesses across four states. Palo Verde, one of the nation s largest energy producers, serves as a foundational part of APS s resource portfolio, generating around-the-clock, carbon-free, low-cost electricity all year long, while also supporting a strong, reliable grid. With its operating licenses extended into the mid-2040s, Palo Verde remains a cornerstone of APS s commitment to provide customers with reliable and affordable energy. Prioritizing Reliability and Affordability As Arizona s population and economy continue to grow at unprecedented levels, so does the state s need for reliable electricity. Our mission is to reliably serve customers at the lowest cost possible. To do that, we need to integrate the most reliable and cost-effective resources available to us to meet Arizona s fast-growing energy needs, said Geisler. As a result, the company is updating its clean energy goals from an aspirational zero-carbon approach to an aspirational carbon-neutral approach by 2050. The company also is removing its interim targets to better reflect APS s near-term need to ensure reliability and affordability, while relying on the Integrated Resource Planning (IRP) process to help determine the most responsible path forward. Clean energy remains an important consideration for us, Geisler stated, but always with a focus on a balanced energy mix that best serves reliability and affordability. He noted that clean resources currently supply 54% of APS s entire energy mix. While still striving to lower emissions over time and continue building on the company's strong foundation of clean energy, APS will also look for opportunities to support reliability through dispatchable resources like natural gas that can provide energy when intermittent resources like solar and wind are insufficient to meet customer demand. APS plans years in advance to ensure reliable energy and secure a diverse energy mix to meet demand, including solar and wind power, battery energy storage and nuclear resources. When extreme temperatures cause demand to increase over long stretches, APS utilizes flexible resources like natural gas to keep homes and businesses cool. As part of the company s vigorous planning, APS recently executed agreements on multiple projects that are scheduled to come online between 2026 and 2028, including more than 800 megawatts of APS-owned resources. Providing Assistance Programs for Customers in Need As summer temperatures soar, APS provides relevant and valuable options for customers to manage their bill, including through rate plan options, programs that help them save energy and money, and alerts and notifications that help keep them aware of outages, payments and energy consumption. APS further offers options to help customers manage their bill like Budget Billing, Preferred Due Date and flexible payment arrangements. Programs like Safety Net and Guest Roles also allow trusted individuals to help manage a loved one s APS account. Ad

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-25-000045_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw033125exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 1, 2025 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS LOWER FIRST-QUARTER FINANCIAL RESULTS Results in line with company's expectations full year 2025 earnings guidance affirmed Planned power plant outages contribute to higher operations and maintenance expenses versus a year ago APS employees focus on summer preparedness, reliability and resilience PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $4.6 million, or a loss of $0.04 per diluted share of common stock, for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. This result compares with consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $16.9 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, for the same period in 2024. The results reflect a decrease of about $22 million, primarily the result of higher operations and maintenance expense depreciation and amortization expense, mostly due to increased plant and intangible assets lower pension and other benefit service cost credits lower other income due to the gain on the sale of a former subsidiary recognized in the prior year and higher interest charges. These negative factors were partially offset by the favorable impacts of new customer rates a gain from a non-utility equity investment made by subsidiary El Dorado lower income taxes due to lower pretax income and higher tax benefits related to employee benefits higher transmission revenue and higher revenue resulting from Arizona Public Service Co. s (APS) Lost Fixed Cost Recovery (LFCR) adjustor mechanism. Financial results in the first quarter were in line with our expectations, especially given the power plant overhauls and maintenance work that we had built into our budget to ensure our system runs reliably during the upcoming summer months, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ted Geisler. We remain optimistic that we will achieve our annual targets as customer and electricity sales growth remain robust, along with Arizona's overall economy. With Arizona's population growing faster than the national average, it's clear that people view Arizona as an attractive place to live and do business. A Thriving, Growing Service Territory The total number of APS retail customers in the first quarter grew a robust 2.3%, while retail sales increased 2.1% quarter over quarter as Arizona s economy remains a diverse growth and investment hub. In fact, a recent study by the U.S. Census Bureau indicates Maricopa County (home to about 70% of APS s customers) had the third-largest numeric growth among U.S. counties. Only Harris County, Texas where Houston is located and Miami-Dade County, Fla., experienced larger growth. Further, according to a separate Commercial Cafe report, Phoenix remains the number one spot as the best-positioned industrial real estate market, ranking ahead of Orange County and the Inland Empire in California. Summer Reliability and Safety Preparations With temperatures in Arizona quickly heating up, employees have been focused on comprehensive summer preparedness designed to ensure safe and reliable power is delivered when the company s 1.4 million customers need it most to cool their homes and businesses. To serve our customers with top-tier reliability, we work year-round on operational preparedness, resource planning, procuring sufficient reserve margins, creating customer partnerships to manage peak demand, and maintaining a comprehensive fire mitigation program, Geisler emphasized. APS crews continually conduct patrols on foot, by vehicle and in the air across a sprawling network of more than 40,000 miles of power lines, to protect and maintain a strong and resilient energy system. In addition, APS employees are nearing completion of a scheduled maintenance and refueling outage at Palo Verde Generating Station Unit 1. The three-unit nuclear plant a primary source of clean electricity for the Southwest and one of the largest power producers in the U.S. is critical to meeting summer demand across the Desert Southwest. With Arizona s hot summers, low rainfall and dry vegetation, the company is taking further action to support wildfire-prone communities by employing advanced risk modeling tools expanding its Public Safety Power Shutoffs (PSPS) program to mitigate fire risks and help keep communities safe and installing innovative fire- and weather-tracking technology on the grid. Among its newly adopted technology, APS has deployed artificial intelligence (AI) fire-sensing cameras to proactively search for early signs of wildfires, thereby enhancing the company s already vigorous wildfire mitigation program. These cameras alert APS fire mitigation experts and fire dispatch centers when smoke and heat traces are detected in targeted, high fire-risk areas. The new AI cameras function as powerful extra sets of eyes and are key to helping us deliver safe, reliable energy to all our customers, said Geisler. When minutes matter, integration of this advanced detection technology improves firefighter rapid-response capabilities, thereby helping protect both critical infrastructure and surrounding communities. Enhancing Customers Experiences The company s focus on summer readiness extends to delivering an industry-leading customer experience. Customer touchpoints including an interactive outage map and email and text alerts are continually being enhanced ahead of Arizona s peak summer season. In conjunction with APS s 24 7 Customer Care Center , these tools will help customers stay better informed during any outages. Furthermore, APS customers are benefiting from an industry-leading call-center featuring fast response times and knowledgeable, courteous advisors increased proactive email and text notifications and an industry-leading digital experience through aps.com and the APS mobile app that helps customers stay informed and complete transactions, monitor energy consumption, select their optimal rate plan and efficiently manage their account. All the while, the company continues to emphasize employee learning, tools and resources to ensure all team members understand their individual and collective roles in customers experiences and interactions with APS. Financial Outlook For 2025, the company continues to estimate its consolidated earnings will be within

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-25-000022_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pnw202412318kexhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 25, 2025 Media Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Analyst Contacts Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS 2024 FULL-YEAR AND FOURTH-QUARTER RESULTS N ew customer rates , retail sales growth of 5.7% and an exceptionally hot summer contribute to an increase in retail revenue and full-year financial results Annual retail customer growth increases a robust 2.1% C ustomer satisfaction continues improvement, reaches new highs PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $608.8 million, or $5.24 per diluted share, for full-year 2024. This result compares with net income of $501.6 million, or $4.41 per diluted share, in 2023. For the quarter ended Dec. 31, 2024, Pinnacle West reported a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $6.8 million, or a loss of $0.06 per diluted share, compared with a net loss of $23,000, or $0.00 per diluted share, for the same period in 2023. The higher 2024 full-year results reflect an increase of about $107 million, primarily as a result of the impacts of new customer rates, increased customer usage and growth, the effects of weather, and higher revenue resulting from Arizona Public Service Co. s (APS) Los t Fixed Cost Recovery (LFCR) adjustor mechanism and a surcharge resulting from the outcome of the utility s 2019 Rate Case appeal. These positive factors were partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expense, higher depreciation and amortization expense mostly due to increased plant and intangible assets, higher interest charges, net of AFUDC, higher income taxes and lower transmission revenues. Our employees once again did an excellent job running and maintaining the electric grid and ensuring that our 1.4 million customers received the reliable electrical service they expect from us, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and CEO Jeff Guldner. Our strong year-end earnings not only reflect this outstanding operational performance, but the results are consistent with a fast-growing service territory and us making the substantial infrastructure investments needed to meet the energy requirements of all our customers, now and in the future. Reliability for a Growing State Reliability remains at the core of the company s customer service and drives plans to continue providing a balanced energy portfolio delivering power at reasonable rates. Our customer base, which for decades leaned heavily residential, is now more diversified than ever before, APS President Ted Geisler said. A dramatic increase in commercial and industrial customers in our service territory including new semiconductor manufacturing plants and expanding data center operations is leading to incredible economic growth and triggering a historic wave of demand for electricity in our state. APS, the company s principal subsidiary, experienced customer growth of 2.1% in 2024 and anticipates projected average annual growth in the range of 1.5% to 2.5% through 2027. Not surprisingly, these changes are driving a significant increase in energy consumption. APS also experienced weather-normalized, year-over-year retail electricity sales growth of 5.7% in 2024. Future sales are expected to increase between 4% and 6% annually over the next three years due in large part to the expected additions of several large data centers and new large manufacturing facilities. To prioritize reliability and meet requirements of this substantial growth, APS expects to add 9,805 megawatts (MW) of renewable power, battery storage and natural gas to the grid between 2025 and 2028 more than 90% of which will be carbon-free. Some expansion highlights include Power purchase agreements that are expected to add 3,321 MW of solar power along with 168 MW from the APS-owned Ironwood Solar Plant, currently under construction in Yuma County. At the Agave Solar Plant in Maricopa County, construction is under way on 150 MW of battery storage that will deliver solar energy to customers after sunset. Power purchase agreements for an anticipated 5,087 MW of battery energy storage that grid operators can release during evening hours when customer demand is greatest. 500 MW of additional wind power in northern Arizona s Navajo County and Expansion of the company s existing Sundance and Redhawk natural gas-fired power plants. These additions are expected to deliver a combined 487 MW, providing much-needed energy during peak consumption hours. Just as important, they provide a critical complement to the large quantities of solar and battery energy storage we re adding to our system. Additionally, excellent performance at the company s generating facilities continues to benefit customers and the company s bottom line. For the 16th consecutive year and 20th overall Palo Verde Generating Station's three nuclear units exceeded 30 million MWh of net generation and achieved a capacity factor of 93.7%. Importantly, the plant remains a cornerstone of APS s aspirational goal to deliver 100% clean, carbon-free energy by 2050 and a nearer-term target to achieve a resource mix that is 65% clean by 2030. Our employees remain focused on creating value for customers and shareholders, including consistently working to minimize our costs, while maintaining reliable electric service and improving customer satisfaction. As a result, we are well-positioned to have a solid 2025, Geisler concluded. Staying Focused on Customer Satisfaction In furtherance of a customer-centric culture, APS s focus remains on its customers and the communities it serves. This past year, the company rolled out a newly designed customer bill with the aim of increasing personalization and helping customers better understand their energy use and find ways to save. The bill was developed with direct input from customers. APS also increased its energy support and crisis bill assistance maintained a summer moratorium on disconnects for past-due bills assisted customers with payment arrangements and partnered with more than 100 local non-profit and community agencies to connect the state s most vulnerable populations with helpful resources. These and other company-wide efforts helped provide a more frictionless customer experience that was recognized by APS customers, as measured by J.D. Power. For 2024, APS ranked at the top of the second quartile 

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-24-000078_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw093024exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE November 6, 2024 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS SLIGHTLY LOWER 2024 THIRD-QUARTER RESULTS COMPARED TO A YEAR AGO Record-setting summer heat drives increase in customer sales and usage Operating performance, reliability remain strong for customers Creative approach used to address monsoon outages, restore power PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders for the 2024 third quarter of $395.0 million, or $3.37 per diluted share of common stock. This result compares with consolidated net income of $398.2 million, or $3.50 per diluted share of common stock, for the same period a year ago. The results reflect a decrease of about $3 million, primarily as a result of higher operations and maintenance expense increased depreciation and amortization expense mostly due to increased plant and intangible assets higher interest charges higher income taxes and the timing of recognition for permanent items, partially offset by higher tax credits. These negative factors were partially offset by the favorable impacts of new customer rates and the effects of weather. For a second consecutive quarter, we experienced a historic run of record heat that led to summer 2024 being the hottest on record, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Guldner. Consequently, our customers used more energy to cool their homes and businesses than under normal weather conditions. And, while this quarter s net income was down slightly from the same period a year ago, the collective increase in energy consumption and the growing number of customers we serve led to strong financial results. Providing Reliable Power, Customer Assistance During Record Summer Heat In addition to robust customer growth of 2.3% and weather-normalized sales growth of 5.9% during the quarter, weather variations also spurred an increase in customers energy consumption. The average high and low temperatures were slightly higher during the 2024 third-quarter than last year s comparable period and both were well over historical averages. This summer s stretch of 113 consecutive days above 100 degrees in Phoenix was the longest streak in Arizona history. Additionally, Phoenix exceeded the record for most 110-plus degree days in a year with 70, surpassing the prior record of 55 days in 2023. APS customers, in turn, set a record peak energy demand of 8,210 megawatts (MW) on Sunday, Aug. 4, breaking the previous record of 8,162 MW set on Saturday, July 15, 2023. The warmer temperatures meant air conditioners were running around the clock to keep homes and businesses cool. As a result, the number of residential cooling degree-days (a utility s measure of the effects of weather) in this year s third quarter were 32% higher than historical 10-year averages. Our employees take to heart the importance of keeping our 1.4 million customers cool and safe, Guldner shared. They deliver reliable power year-round, but especially on the hottest summer days when customers need it most. As more people and businesses move to Arizona, I am proud to say we continue to be one of the most reliable energy providers in the nation and with rates below the national average. Even so, sustained excessive heat can deeply affect people s pocketbooks as they use more power to stay cool and safe. If someone is struggling to pay their bill, the first step is to reach out to us. We have the largest energy support program in the state, and we can connect customers with other assistance programs. APS increased energy support and crisis bill assistance maintained a summer moratorium on disconnects for past-due bills assisted customers with payment arrangements and partnered with more than 100 local non-profit and community agencies to connect the state s most vulnerable populations with helpful resources. Responding to Storm-Caused Outages with Innovation Despite one of the driest monsoon seasons on record, APS customers experienced powerful storms that produced extreme weather, including hurricane-force winds. In the sweltering heat of July, APS employees responded to one of the area s strongest storms. Severe winds of up to 75 mph, fueled by multiple downbursts, caused extensive statewide damage, especially impacting one southwest Phoenix neighborhood. With dozens of downed transmission poles and broken electrical equipment, APS crews first had to rebuild the grid serving that area to effectively restore power. To protect nearby neighborhoods, APS partnered with customers enrolled in the company s Cool Rewards smart thermostat program in a unique and historic way. APS technology experts targeted a specific portion of customer-owned smart thermostats to voluntarily help conserve power. The creative approach along with operational back-ups including rerouting electricity helped relieve strain on the storm-ravaged electric system. This resourcefulness marked the first time the company s Cool Rewards program was utilized in such a targeted manner. A collaboration with customers, APS Cool Rewards is a network of 95,000-plus smart thermostats that acts like a virtual power plant capable of conserving nearly 160 MW of energy, similar to that produced by a small power plant. Financial Outlook Given the positive impact of weather and customer and sales growth through the first three quarters of the year partially offset by higher than previously forecasted operations and maintenance expenses the company is adjusting its 2024 consolidated earnings guidance upward to a range of $5.00 to $5.20 per diluted share . Looking forward, the Company estimates its 2025 consolidated earnings will be within a range of $4.40 to $4.60 per diluted share on a weather-normalized basis. Key factors and assumptions underlying the 2024 and 2025 outlook can be found in the third-quarter 2024 earnings presentation slides at pinnaclewest.com investors. Conference Call and Webcast Pinnacle West invites interested parties to listen to the live webcast of management s conference call to discuss the company s 2024 second-quarter results, as well as recent developments, at 11 a.m. ET (9 a.m. Arizona time) today, Nov. 6. Join the live webcast at www.pinnaclewest.com presentations for audio of the call and slides, or dial (888) 5

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-24-000064_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw063024exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE August 1, 2024 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS IMPROVED SECOND-QUARTER FINANCIAL RESULTS New customer rates, record heat positively impact quarter-over-quarter earnings Customer and sales growth continue to reflect a strong Arizona economy Expanded bill assistance, heat relief and energy efficiency programs provide greater support to customers PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $203.8 million, or $1.76 per diluted share of common stock, for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. This result compares with consolidated net income of $106.7 million, or $0.94 per diluted share, for the same period in 2023. New customer rates, which took effect in March 2024, and record June heat were the primary drivers in the quarter-over-quarter improvement. Increases in customer usage and growth, and higher revenue from a surcharge resulting from the outcome of the utility s 2019 Rate Case appeal, also contributed significantly to the company s bottom line. These positive factors were partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense mostly due to increased plant and intangible assets and higher interest charges, net of AFUDC. Our second quarter was marked by warmer-than-normal temperatures, including June being the hottest on record in the Phoenix metropolitan area, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Guldner. Since weather directly affects how much energy our customers use to cool their homes and businesses, retail sales and financial results were meaningfully higher than a year ago. By comparison, Guldner also noted that last year s second-quarter results were negatively impacted by cooler-than-usual temperatures, including the mildest June on record since 2009. Hotter Temperatures Contribute to Increased Customer Energy Consumption In addition to 5.5% weather-normalized sales growth and strong customer growth of 2.1% during the quarter, weather variations also spurred an increase in energy consumption. The average high and low temperatures were higher during the 2024 second-quarter than last year s comparable period and were well over historical averages. According to the National Weather Service, the average high temperature in the Phoenix area during the 2024 second quarter was 97.6 degrees Fahrenheit an increase of 2% over last year s second quarter and 1.4% above 10-year historical averages. More so, June was the warmest on record with an average high temperature of 109.4 degrees and an average overnight low temperature of 84.6 degrees. The number of residential cooling degree-days (a utility s measure of the effects of weather) in this year s second quarter increased a noteworthy 52.8% compared to the same period a year ago and was a remarkable 23.5% higher than historical 10-year averages. June 2024, in fact, had 79.9% more cooling degree-days than in June 2023. Operationally, Guldner said company employees continue to execute well, ensuring reliable customer service amidst the extreme summer temperatures and increased customer demand. At APS, we have a saying that the summer season is our time it s when our year-round preparation comes to light, he said. For almost 140 years, our employees and service have helped make it possible for Arizona to grow and prosper. Their efforts are part of what has made the region attractive to families, businesses and investment. As temperatures intensify throughout the West, providing safe, reliable and affordable energy is more critical than ever to ensure Arizona remains a comfortable, livable and thriving environment. APS plans years in advance to ensure reliable energy, while not sacrificing affordability and continuing to build toward a clean energy future. Resource planners secure a diverse energy mix to meet demand, including solar and wind power, battery energy storage and nuclear. When extreme temperatures cause demand to increase over long stretches, APS utilizes flexible resources like natural gas to keep homes and businesses cool. As part of the company s vigorous planning, APS recently executed agreements on multiple projects that are scheduled to come online between 2026 and 2028, including more than 400 megawatts of APS-owned resources. Additionally, part of delivering on that responsibility to customers means striving for an industry-leading, best-in-class customer experience. Company-wide efforts to provide a more frictionless customer experience continue to pay off as measured by J.D. Power. Through the first half of 2024, APS ranked in the first quartile of large investor-owned utilities for both residential and business overall customer satisfaction . This progress can only be achieved through collaborative, cross-functional efforts across our entire company and from every employee, said Guldner. We put our customers first, and these latest results indicate they appreciate the service we are delivering. Resources Available to Help Customers Manage Energy Use Bills APS provides a variety of resources and money-saving tips to help customers stay comfortable and manage their electric bills through summer s scorching temperatures. The APS mobile app and aps.com let customers check their energy use, access energy-saving tips customized to their service plan, and monitor and report outages. Additionally, in the face of extreme temperatures and prolonged heat, APS has expanded its heat-relief initiatives, including partnering with local community organizations to aid the state s most vulnerable populations. This includes support for The Salvation Army s network of cooling and hydration stations across Arizona a collaboration with the Foundation for Senior Living offering emergency repair or replacement of AC systems during the scorching summer months and homelessness prevention and eviction-protection assistance program in partnership with St. Vincent de Paul. The company also offers a variety of assistance programs for those who are struggling with their bill. These resources include the Energy Support programs, which provide limited-income customers with up to a 60% discount on their monthly bill Crisis Bill Assistance, providing up to $1,000 annually to qualified limited-income customers who experience unexpected finan

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-24-000043_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw033124exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 2, 2024 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS 2024 FIRST-QUARTER RESULTS Improved quarterly results impacted by customer growth, increased sales and new rates APS employees focus on summer preparedness, reliability and resilience Company reaffirms full-year 2024 guidance PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $16.9 million, or $0.15 per diluted share of common stock, for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. This result compares with a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $3.3 million, or a loss of $0.03 per diluted share, for the same period in 2023. The improved first-quarter results reflect the impact of new retail base rates which took effect March 8, 2024 increased customer growth and usage higher revenue resulting from Arizona Public Service Co. s (APS) Lost Fixed Cost Recovery (LFCR) adjustor mechanism and a surcharge resulting from the outcome of the utility s 2019 Rate Case appeal and higher other income largely due to the sale of a former subsidiary. These positive factors were partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to increased plant in service and intangible assets higher interest charges, net of AFUDC the effects of weather and higher operations and maintenance expense. The first quarter proved to be a strong start to our year and continued to build on the momentum of a growing and diverse customer base, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Guldner, citing 1.8% year-over-year customer growth and weather-normalized sales growth of 5.9% . With Arizona s population expected to continue growing faster than the national average, it s clear that people view Arizona as an attractive place to live and do business. A Thriving, Growing Service Territory According to recent data from the U.S. Census Bureau, Maricopa County (home to 70 percent of APS s customers) saw the fourth highest raw-numbers population increase in the U.S. in 2023, while Pinal County (south of Phoenix) saw the nation s seventh-highest level of net domestic migration. Metro Phoenix is also among the top markets for manufacturing growth due to at least 14 major announcements that have been made in the region since 2020, and the area was ranked No. 1 out of the 15 top growth markets for largest projected job gains by global real estate firm Newmark Group Inc. in its latest manufacturing report. Further, the research team at USA TODAY Homefront looked at the cost of living by state, and found that, despite inflation pressures, Arizona is the third most affordable state in terms of total cost of living, coming behind Utah and Tennessee. Summer Reliability and Safety Preparations Underway With Arizona s temperatures already heating up, Guldner said, Employees are focused on critical preparations to deliver safe and reliable power over our peak summer season when our nearly 1.4 million customers need it most to cool their homes and businesses. Across a sprawling network of more than 38,000 miles of power lines, APS crews are on the front lines year-round conducting patrols on foot, by vehicle and in the air to protect and maintain a strong and resilient energy system. Key elements of the company s summer readiness include operational preparedness, resource planning, sufficient reserve margins, customer partnerships to manage peak demand and fire mitigation. In addition, APS employees are nearing completion of a scheduled maintenance and refueling outage at Palo Verde Generating Station Unit 3. One of the largest producers of carbon-free energy in the U.S., the three-unit nuclear plant is critical to meeting summer demand across the Desert Southwest. With Arizona s hot summers, low rainfall and dry vegetation, the company is taking further action to support wildfire-prone communities by employing advanced risk modeling tools installing innovative fire- and weather-tracking technology on the grid using new advanced cameras on electrical equipment to monitor potential signs of a fire from a command center and enhancing the company s already robust wildfire mitigation program. We ve employed industry-leading best practices over the past decade to help safeguard the communities we serve and our infrastructure from Arizona s changing climate, said Guldner. As a hometown energy provider, we have a responsibility to do what we can to prevent wildfires, and we are thoughtfully investing in resources to ensure greater protection for the public, firefighters, our employees and the electric grid. Under extreme weather conditions and in a limited approach , APS also has implemented a new Public Safety Power Shutoffs (PSPS) program to maintain the safety of people, communities and firefighters. During extremely high-fire risk conditions, APS may shut off power to a specific area to prevent the electric system from starting or contributing to a wildfire through a downed wire or inadvertent spark. It s a tool the company plans to use only when necessary. The company s focus on summer readiness extends to its work to deliver an industry-leading customer experience. Customer touchpoints including an interactive outage map and email and text alerts are being enhanced ahead of Arizona s summer season. In conjunction with APS s 24 7 Customer Care Center , these tools will help customers stay better informed during any outages. Financial Outlook For 2024, the company continues to estimate its consolidated earnings guidance will be in the range of $4.60 to $4.80 per diluted share on a weather-normalized basis. Key factors and assumptions underlying this outlook can be found in the first-quarter 2024 earnings presentation slides at pinnaclewest.com investors. Conference Call and Webcast Pinnacle West invites interested parties to listen to the live webcast of management s conference call to discuss the company s 2024 first-quarter results, as well as recent developments, at 10 a.m. ET (7 a.m. Arizona time) today, May 2. Join the live webcast at www.pinnaclewest.com presentations for audio of the call and slides, or dial (888) 506-0062 or (973) 528-0011 for international callers and enter participant access code 612288. A replay of the webcast can be accessed for 30 days at p

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-24-000014_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 pnw202312318kexhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 27, 2024 Media Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Analyst Contacts Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS 2023 FULL-YEAR AND FOURTH-QUARTER RESULTS, SHARES 2024 FINANCIAL OUTLOOK Full-year financial results positively impacted by the effects of weather , robust customer growth and strong operational performance Constructive regulatory outcome achieved in 2022 rate case Company files Transmission System Plan to ensure reliability and meet Arizona s substantial growth PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $501.6 million, or $4.41 per diluted share, for full-year 2023. This result compares with net income of $483.6 million, or $4.26 per diluted share, in 2022 For the quarter ended Dec. 31, 2023, Pinnacle West reported a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $23,000, or $0.00 per diluted share, compared with a net loss of $24.0 million, or a loss of $0.21 per share, for the same period in 2022. The higher 2023 full-year results reflect an increase of approximately $18 million, primarily as a result of the effects of weather higher revenue resulting from Arizona Public Service Co. s (APS) Los t Fixed Cost Recovery (LFCR) adjustor mechanism and a surcharge resulting from the outcome of the utility s 2019 Rate Case appeal higher transmission revenue and increased sales and usage . These positive factors were partially offset by higher interest charges, net of AFUDC higher operations and maintenance expense lower pension and other postretirement non-service credits and higher depreciation and amortization expense mostly due to increased plant assets. Two years ago, we outlined a plan following an unfavorable rate case decision that created financial hurdles and moved us to reset our financial outlook. We made significant progress on that plan, adapting and reaching our revised targets, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and CEO Jeff Guldner. That progress is reflected in our solid 2023 financial results and a constructive outcome in our 2022 rate case that was decided late last week. The Arizona Corporation Commission s (ACC) decision affirms important aspects of our rate filing and supports investments in our energy infrastructure to increase grid resilience, while also ensuring customers receive the reliability they count on without compromising affordability. Guldner also lauded the efforts of employees who worked tenaciously to keep the lights on and air conditioners running throughout the year, but especially during the hottest U.S. summer on record. Our diverse generation fleet delivered high-level performance when our customers were in critical need of reliable and resilient power. Palo Verde attained its 32 nd consecutive year as the nation s largest power producer, all of it carbon-free, and our combination of solar generation plus utility-scale battery storage provided record levels of renewable power for our customers. By executing on comprehensive operational and financial strategies, we enter 2024 in a solid position to provide top-level service for our customers and further energize Arizona s economic expansion. Arizona's Economy Planning for Growth Arizona s economy is more diverse than ever, and Arizona s population continues to grow. Maricopa County, home of the Phoenix metropolitan area, has been the county with the highest annual population gains in the United States since 2016. With this record number of people, businesses and large industrial customers moving to the state, APS s service territory remains among the fastest growing in the nation. APS, the company s principal subsidiary, experienced customer growth of 2% in 2023 and anticipates projected average annual growth in the range of 1.5% to 2.5% through 2026. Not surprisingly, these changes are driving a significant increase in energy consumption. APS experienced weather-normalized, year-over-year retail electricity sales growth of 1.5% in 2023, and future sales are expected to increase between 4% and 6% annually through 2026 due in large part to the expected additions of several large data centers and new large manufacturing facilities. To prioritize reliability and meet substantial growth in residential and commercial energy needs, APS filed a future-focused Transmission System Plan with the ACC late last month. This 10-year plan includes significant upgrades to APS s transmission system to support load growth, mitigate outage risks, connect the APS grid to additional generation resources and procure more cost-competitive energy for customers through the wholesale power market, Guldner said, adding that in 2023, APS spent $361 million on capital expenditures for transmission, up from $217 million in 2022. Capital spending on transmission projects is projected to total nearly $1.2 billion from 2024 through 2026. Staying Focused on Serving Customers Employees remain committed to putting customers first and achieving an industry-leading best-in-class customer experience. Company-wide efforts to provide a more frictionless customer experience continue to pay off, as measured by J.D. Power. For 2023, APS ranked in the second quartile of large investor-owned utilities for both business and residential customers. This is a meaningful accomplishment considering APS was fourth quartile as recently as 2021. In fact, residential customers ranked APS second in our peer set in 2023 for both Perfect Power (no brief or lengthy outages) and Phone Customer Care. Additionally, in 2023, APS continued to improve customers experience by Improving the ease-of-use and increasing functionality of our digital experience, including increasing use of text and email notifications to keep customer informed about their service Adding more than 1,100 in-person payment locations across the state, as well as introducing new customer payment channels, including Google and Apple Pay Continuing to communicate with customers in their preferred channels about topics that matter most to them, including reliability, energy efficiency, financial assistance, the environment, and programs that enable them to design their own personalized energy experience and Offering assistance and discount programs to qualified limited-income customers, as well as other non-income-based assistance programs for those struggling to pay 

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-23-000104_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw093023exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE November 2, 2023 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS 2023 THIRD-QUARTER RESULTS Record-setting summer heat drives quarter-over-quarter earnings improvement Operating performance, reliability remain strong for customers APS recognized for distributed energy, safety and economic development innovation PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported a consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders for the 2023 third quarter of $398.2 million, or $3.50 per diluted share. This result compares with consolidated net income of $326.3 million, or $2.88 per share, for the same period a year ago. Record-setting summer weather was the primary driver in the quarter-over-quarter improvement, increasing revenues, net of fuel and purchased power costs, by $57.4 million (after-tax), or $0.38 per share. Additionally, higher revenue during the quarter also resulted from Arizona Public Service s (APS) Lost Fixed Cost Recovery (LFCR) adjustor mechanism and a new surcharge resulting from the outcome of the 2019 Rate Case appeal . These factors were partially offset by higher interest expense, lower pension and other postretirement non-service credits, and higher depreciation and amortization expense, mostly due to increased plant assets. It was an all-around solid quarter propelled by the record-breaking heat and superior operational performance by our employees, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Guldner. As a result of the historically hot weather, our customers used more energy to cool their homes and businesses than under normal weather conditions. This increase and continued robust customer growth of 2% in the quarter led to stronger financial results. Summer 2023 Extreme, Record-Breaking Heat According to the National Weather Service, the average high temperature in the third quarter was 108.9 degrees an increase of 4.6% over 2022 s similar quarter and 8.9% over 10-year historical averages. The number of residential cooling degree-days (a utility s measure of the effects of weather) increased a massive 28.1% over the same period a year ago and was 32% higher than historical 10-year averages. Moreover, residential cooling degree-days for the month of July were the highest of any year since data tracking began in 1974. August experienced the second-highest cooling-degree days ever in the month, behind only 2020. In addition to being the hottest summer on record, daily temperatures in the Phoenix metropolitan area set a number of records, including 22 days at or above 115 degrees, besting the old record of 14 days set in 2020 55 days at or above 110 degrees, which beat 2020's prior record of 53 days and 36 days of overnight low temperatures of 90 degrees or higher. This streak broke the prior record of 28 days set in 2020. APS customers also set a record peak demand of 8,162 megawatts on July 15, shattering the previous record set in 2020 by more than 500 megawatts. (A preliminary number and date were previously shared in the company s second-quarter financial results news release.) Customer peak load on 17 other days in July and August 2023 also surpassed 2020 s previous record peak. We prepared years in advance for this increased energy demand, so it did not come as a surprise , Guldner said. Our diverse mix of power plants including renewables, nuclear and natural gas, operated exceptionally well. And, our employees did what they do best maintain reliable electric service for our 1.4 million customers during the time of year when we have the greatest demand on our electrical system. That execution was especially critical with this summer s record heat. That said, we also recognize that the hot summer months can be an especially hard time for our customers financially, Guldner added. That s one reason we remain committed to providing energy support and crisis bill assistance programs for those who are experiencing financial hardships. In the face of extreme temperatures and prolonged heat, APS increased crisis bill assistance funding for those struggling with higher energy bills maintained a summer moratorium on disconnects for past-due bills assisted customers with payment arrangements and partnered with more than 100 local non-profit and community agencies to connect the state s most vulnerable populations with helpful resources. These partnerships include support for The Salvation Army s network of 18 cooling and hydration stations across Arizona an emergency shelter and homeless prevention program in partnership with St. Vincent de Paul and a new partnership with Solari 211 and Lyft to provide eligible Arizonans free rides to cooling shelters. The company s collective efforts led The Phoenix Business Journal to recognize APS with its Innovative Corporate Philanthropy Award. Innovation in Distributed Energy, Safety and Economic Development Guldner additionally emphasized that, Our careful long-term planning, resource adequacy, flexibility and innovative programs proved beneficial to our customers throughout the summer. For example, APS s Cool Rewards demand response (DR) program helped the company reduce its 2023 summer capacity by about 135 megawatts the equivalent of a small power plant (or 15,000 homes) . This initiative and other DR programs were acknowledged by Public Utilities Fortnightly , which last month recognized APS with its Maria Telkes Top Innovator Award for Distributed Energy. The APS Cool Rewards program aggregates residential customer-owned thermostats into a growing and strategically crucial resource during the extreme Arizona summers, providing incentives at enrollment and an annual bill credit to participating customers. Starting in 2018, Cool Rewards enrollment was just 6,000 devices (or about 5,000 customers). The program has scaled significantly over the years to nearly 80,000 devices (and approximately 56,000 customers). This energy avoidance saves customers money, benefits the environment, and builds a smarter electrical grid. Public Utilities Fortnightly also honored APS with the Nancy Fitzroy Top Innovator Award for Environment and Safety for the company s p redictive maintenance practices that include the use of robotics, infrared cameras and drones to ensure highly effective and safe non-contact inspections. And, Site Selection Mag

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-23-000095_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw063023exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE August 3, 2023 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS LOWER 2023 SECOND-QUARTER FINANCIAL RESULTS Mild weather and higher operating costs impact earnings APS supports customers through the summer season Company seeks flexible energy resources to serve Arizona's growing energy needs PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported a consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $106.7 million, or $0.94 per diluted share of common stock, for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. This result compares with consolidated net income of $164.3 million, or $1.45 per diluted share, for the same period in 2022. Weather was a major driver in the lower second-quarter results, with the Phoenix region experiencing the mildest June since 2009. Other factors included higher operations and maintenance expenses (including increases in non-nuclear generation operating costs and higher transmission, distribution and customer service costs), higher interest charges and lower pension and other postretirement non-service credits. These were partially offset by higher transmission revenue and higher revenue from the Lost Fixed Cost Recovery (LFCR) mechanism. We saw cooler-than-usual temperatures in the second quarter compared to a warmer-than average second quarter in 2022. This June was especially mild. Given how big an impact air conditioning has on energy use in the low desert, it s no surprise that our financial results are lower this quarter, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Guldner, citing National Weather Service Phoenix data showing that the average June 2023 temperature was almost five degrees cooler than June 2022. While the heat was slow to get started, it certainly showed up in time for the Fourth of July, and the Phoenix area set a new record for consecutive days above 110 degrees in July. On July 20, the company hit a new all-time peak of 8,193 megawatts, said Guldner. Thanks to our employees impressive planning and operating performance, customers continued to receive the reliable service they count on. This performance combined with robust customer growth and a resolution to the 2019 rate case appeal in June puts us in a strong position entering the second half of the year. Summer is Our Season June 21 may have been the first official day of summer, but employees at Arizona Public Service Co. (APS), the company s regulated utility and principal subsidiary, work hard year-round to prepare for the season s heat, wildfire risks and potential storms. As temperatures rise, the company helps customers get ready too. Practical tips and energy-saving strategies can aid in managing monthly electricity bills, from installing a smart thermostat through the Cool Rewards demand response program to using the rate plan comparison tool to ensure customers are on the right plan for their energy use. APS also works with communities at higher fire risk to raise awareness about defensible space and having an emergency plan in place. The company joins forces with local nonprofits to provide heat relief to vulnerable individuals throughout Arizona. In partnership with St. Vincent de Paul, APS helps shelter families through emergency community housing and eviction prevention assistance and supports The Salvation Army s cooling and hydration stations in nine Arizona counties, among other initiatives. Ensuring adequate energy supply is another important part of our summer readiness, and several projects came online recently, including 141 megawatts (MW) of battery energy storage at AZ Sun solar sites, 150 MW at the Agave Solar Plant and 238 MW of wind energy through a power purchase agreement. Seeking Flexible, Innovative Energy Resources for the Future APS not only is focused on serving customers this summer the company is taking steps to secure energy supply for years to come. In June, APS issued an all-source request for proposal (RFP) seeking project proposals for flexible and innovative resources to serve growing energy needs as more people and businesses continue to move to Arizona. The 2023 all-source RFP seeks approximately 1,000 MW to serve customers with even more around-the-clock energy enough to power about 150,000 Arizona homes. This solicitation is designed to procure a balanced and diverse portfolio that advances clean energy while maintaining reliability and affordability for customers. We are seeking the best combination of technologies to serve our customers and deliver value, said Guldner. Our resource planning team welcomes a variety of proposals and technologies to support a diverse and affordable energy mix for Arizona. That could include new solar plants and battery energy storage, natural gas resources that can transition to clean hydrogen fuel in the future, and other resources that can ramp up quickly to serve customers during triple-digit summer afternoons. This RFP is focused on projects to serve customers beginning between 2026-2028. To learn more about the 2023 all-source RFP, deadlines and instructions to apply, visit aps.com rfp. Financial Outlook Given the positive impact of the 2019 rate case appeal resolution in June and extremely hot weather to start the third quarter partially offset by higher than previously forecasted operations and maintenance expenses and more moderate weather-normalized sales growth the company increased its 2023 consolidated earnings range to $4.10 to $4.30 per diluted share on a weather-normalized basis from a previously disclosed range of $3.95 to $4.15 per diluted share. Key factors and assumptions underlying the 2023 outlook can be found in the second quarter 2023 earnings presentation slides at pinnaclewest.com investors. Conference Call and Webcast Pinnacle West invites interested parties to listen to the live webcast of management s conference call to discuss the company s 2023 second-quarter results, as well as recent developments, at noon ET (9 a.m. Arizona time) today, August 3. Join the live webcast at www.pinnaclewest.com presentations for audio of the call and slides, or dial (888) 506-0062 or (973) 528-0011 for international callers and enter participant access code 804430. A replay of the webcast can be accessed for 30 days at pinnaclewest.com presentations. A replay of the call also will be available until 11

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-23-000064_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw033123exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 4, 2023 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS 2023 FIRST-QUARTER RESULTS Lower quarterly results in line with company s expectations Favorable weather, strong sales and customer growth help offset higher operations and maintenance costs APS employees focus on summer preparedness, reliability and resilience Company affirms full-year 2023 guidance PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $3.3 million, or a loss of $0.03 per diluted share of common stock, for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. This result compares with consolidated net income of $17.0 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, for the same period in 2022. The lower first-quarter results reflect an increase in operations and maintenance expense lower pension and other postretirement non-service credits higher interest charges and higher depreciation and amortization expense primarily due to increased plant assets. These negative factors were partially offset by higher revenue driven by the effects of weather customer growth and usage and lower income taxes. First-quarter results were in line with our expectations, and we are well-positioned for a solid year as our service territory experienced strong year-over-year retail electricity sales growth of 3.6% and robust customer growth of 2%, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Guldner, citing 2022 census data that Maricopa County home to Phoenix and about 75% of the company s retail electricity customers remained the nation's largest-growing county in the U.S. While our 2023 first-quarter O M expense comparison was higher due to lower-than-normal costs in last year s first quarter and the fact we are experiencing the impacts of inflation, we project these costs will normalize throughout the balance of the year. As a result, our O M guidance range for the year remains unchanged. Impacts of a colder winter The 2023 first-quarter results benefited from a colder-than-normal winter, helping offset the higher O M impacts. According to the National Weather Service, the first three months of the year were the coolest start to a year in the Phoenix metropolitan area since 1979, with March 2023 being the coldest March on record in more than 30 years (1991). The resulting impact was an increase in energy sales in the first quarter as residential heating degree-days (a utility s measure of the effects of weather) increased about 51% compared to the same timeframe a year ago and were 57% higher than historical 10-year averages. Arizona Public Service Co. (APS), the company s regulated utility and principal subsidiary, serves an extremely diverse and broad service territory in 11 of Arizona s 15 counties. In addition to the desert regions most people associate with the state, APS also serves communities at much higher altitudes. This year, Northern Arizona experienced one of the wettest winter seasons in recent history. In fact, Flagstaff set a record for the second-highest snowfall total through March 1 in more than 100 years. Despite slippery roads, hazardous conditions and freezing temperatures, our crews were able to restore winter power disruptions safely and quickly for our customers when they needed it most. Summer reliability and resiliency preparations As Arizona s hometown energy service provider, Guldner said employees take immense pride and responsibility in delivering reliable power to APS s more than 1.3 million customers. That s why our employees conduct long-term planning, inspections and preventative maintenance of our substations, power lines and generating plants. It s work that doesn t just happen for high profile events like this past February s Super Bowl or Waste Management Open it s work that happens every single day, said Guldner. That s especially important as we get ready to meet our customers energy needs during our peak summer season, which regularly includes extreme triple-digit heat, damaging monsoon storms and unpredictable wildfires. In addition to building new infrastructure to meet growth, maintaining existing infrastructure to ensure reliability, and procuring additional energy to meet summer demand, APS employees are nearing completion of a scheduled maintenance and refueling outage at Palo Verde Generating Station Unit 2. As the largest source of carbon-free energy in the U.S., the three-unit nuclear plant is critical to meeting summer demand across the desert southwest. APS employees also are enhancing customer outreach strategies, conducting fire-mitigation line patrols and emergency operations drills, and managing supply-chain constraints to acquire critical spare equipment all part of the company s longstanding seasonal preparation activities to help ensure grid resiliency, prevent outages and minimize impact to customers. Financial Outlook For 2023, the company continues to project its consolidated earnings guidance will be in the range of $3.95 to $4.15 per diluted share on a weather-normalized basis. Key factors and assumptions underlying the 2023 outlook can be found in the first-quarter 2023 earnings presentation slides at pinnaclewest.com investors. Conference Call and Webcast Pinnacle West invites interested parties to listen to the live webcast of management s conference call to discuss the company s 2023 first-quarter results, as well as recent developments, at noon ET (9 a.m. Arizona time) today, May 4. Join the live webcast at www.pinnaclewest.com presentations for audio of the call and slides, or dial (888) 506-0062 or (973) 528-0011 for international callers and enter participant access code 797610. A replay of the webcast can be accessed for 30 days at pinnaclewest.com presentations. A replay of the call also will be available until 11 59 p.m. ET, Thursday, May 11, 2023, by calling (877) 481-4010 in the U.S. and Canada or (919) 882-2331 internationally and entering replay passcode 48085. General Information Pinnacle West Capital Corp., an energy holding company based in Phoenix, has consolidated assets of approximately $24 billion, about 6,300 megawatts of generating capacity and nearly 5,900 employees in Arizona and New Mexico. Through its principal subsidiary, Arizona Public Service, the company provides retail electricity service to more than 1

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-23-000025_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ex991-4qx2022earnings.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 27, 2023 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS LOWER 2022 FULL-YEAR AND FOURTH-QUARTER RESULTS Results reflect negative impact of company s prior rate case Full-year financial results buoyed by higher customer usage, robust customer growth and strong operational performance APS ends year among most improved utilities for residential and business customer satisfaction Company continues progress on Clean Energy Commitment PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $483.6 million, or $4.26 per diluted share, for full-year 2022. This result compares with net income of $618.7 million, or $5.47 per diluted share, in 2021. For the quarter ended Dec. 31, 2022, Pinnacle West reported a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $24.0 million, or a loss of $0.21 per diluted share compared with net income of $27.6 million, or $0.24 per share, for the same period in 2021. The lower 2022 full-year results reflect the unfavorable outcome of the company s prior rate case, which was implemented on Dec. 1, 2021. As a result of that rate decision, the Company is no longer deferring costs related to the Four Corners selective catalytic reduction ( SCR) and Ocotillo modernization projects to a regulatory asset. These costs are now reflected in the income statement and result in a reduction in net income. Other factors negatively affecting 2022 results included lower revenue driven by the inability to continue using alternative revenue accounting treatment for the lost fixed cost recovery (LFCR) mechanism higher depreciation and amortization expense due to increased plant assets and updated depreciation rates higher operations and maintenance expense and an impairment charge related to a non-utility equity investment held by subsidiary Bright Canyon Energy. These negative factors were partially offset by higher revenue driven by the effects of weather strong customer growth higher retail sales increased transmission revenue and lower income taxes. The past year was one of our most challenging years in recent memory as we faced major financial headwinds resulting from the outcome of our last rate case, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and CEO Jeff Guldner. The effect of that decision by the Arizona Corporation Commission (ACC) required a financial reset and resulted in a 22% decline in year-over-year profitability. Even so, Guldner said the full-year 2022 financial results came in above budgeted expectations as a direct outcome of favorable weather, robust customer growth, higher-than-expected sales growth and a resolute workforce. Our employees effectively responded to the challenges thrown their way. We met or exceeded nearly every target we set for ourselves including delivering strong service reliability to our customers, he added. By executing on our comprehensive operational and financial strategies, we enter 2023 in a solid position to provide top-level service for our customers and energize Arizona s economic expansion. Arizona s Economy Opportunity Amidst Challenges As the nation faces a weakening economic climate, the Arizona economy is more diverse than ever. With a record number of people, businesses and advanced manufacturing giants moving to the state, the company s service territory remains among the fastest growing in the nation. Arizona Public Service Co. (APS), the company s principal subsidiary, experienced customer growth of 2.1% in 2022 and anticipates additional growth in the range of 1.5% to 2.5% through 2025. Annual retail electricity sales increased 2.4% in 2022 compared with the prior year and are expected to average an incredible 4.5% to 6.5% annually through 2025 after already averaging a solid 2.5% for the past three years. Making Customers Our Priority Employees remain committed to putting customers first and achieving an industry-leading best-in-class customer experience. As a result, extraordinary progress was made on that front in 2022. APS earned customer ratings making it one of the most improved utilities in the nation for both residential and business customer satisfaction as rated by J.D. Power (JDP). Compared to 2021, APS achieved quartile gains in every single driver of residential customer satisfaction, firmly lifting the company into the second quartile nationally. Consequently, overall residential satisfaction is now above industry benchmarks when compared to the company s large investor-owned peers. APS s strongest performing drivers for the year were Customer Care (phone and digital), Power Quality Reliability, Corporate Citizenship, and Billing Payment. Additionally, JDP s Business 2022 full-year results place the company in the top or first quartile of utilities nationally for business customers. Advancing Arizona s Clean Energy Future Following the third anniversary of its Clean Energy Commitment, the company continues to advance its goal of providing customers with 100% clean, carbon-free electricity by 2050 while taking the necessary steps to maintain reliability and affordable prices for customers over the long term. Since 2020, the company has procured 2,115 megawatts of energy resources, consisting primarily of carbon-free solar and energy storage facilities across our system. This year alone, the company expects to add 210 MWs of utility-scale solar energy, 238 MWs of wind energy, and 341 MWs of energy storage. According to Guldner, a balanced energy portfolio, including continued reliance on Palo Verde Generating Station natural gas-fired generation as a transitional resource a gradual, well-planned departure from coal and expanded energy efficiency and demand-side management programs will help us maintain affordability and reliability for our customers during the clean energy transition. This approach, combined with ongoing investments in the grid, provides a modernized, resilient and hardened system, he stated. Financial Outlook For 2023, the company estimates its consolidated earnings guidance will be in the range of $3.95 to $4.15 per diluted share on a weather-normalized basis. Key factors and assumptions underlying the 2023 outlook can be found in the year-end fourth-quarter 2022 earnings presentation slides at pinnaclewest.com investors. Conference Call and Webc

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-22-000094_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw09302022exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE November 3, 2022 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS LOWER 2022 THIRD-QUARTER RESULTS Quarterly results buoyed by strong operational performance, warmer weather than a year ago Employees ensure reliable customer service despite damaging monsoon season APS among most improved utilities for residential and business customer satisfaction PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders for the 2022 third quarter of $326.3 million, or $2.88 per diluted share. This result compares with net income of $339.8 million, or $3.00 per share, for the same period a year ago. Like the first two quarters of 2022, the company s lower third-quarter results reflect the unfavorable outcome of the company s prior rate case, which was implemented on Dec. 1, 2021. As a result of that rate decision, the Company is no longer deferring costs related to the Four Corners selective catalytic reduction (SCR) and Ocotillo modernization projects to a regulatory asset. These costs are now reflected in the income statement and result in a reduction in net income. Other factors negatively affecting the 2022 third-quarter results were lower revenue driven by the inability to continue using alternative revenue accounting treatment for the lost fixed cost recovery (LFCR) mechanism higher depreciation and amortization expense due to increased plant assets and updated depreciation rates and higher operations and maintenance expense. These negative factors were partially offset by warmer weather than a year ago customer growth of 2.0 percent increased retail sales of 1.3 percent and lower income taxes. During the quarter, our employees continued to do what they do best maintain reliable electric service for our 1.3 million customers despite monsoon storms that created damaging winds, heavy rains and flash flooding, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Guldner. Our workforce safely and quickly restored service to customers after multiple volatile summer storms toppled a combined 811 poles 255 more poles than the prior three summers combined. Guldner noted the company s generation fleet also operated well. In particular, Palo Verde Generating Station the nation s largest energy producer, all carbon-free recorded a summer capacity factor of 100.2% its highest figure since tracking began in 2010. Our careful long-term planning, resource adequacy, flexibility and innovative programs proved beneficial to our customers throughout the summer, he said, adding that the company also was able to assist neighboring utilities during an early-September heatwave that resulted in 15 energy emergency declarations by others across the West. Those off-system sales directly benefit APS customers by lowering our overall costs while helping maintain regional grid stability. APS Commitment to Customer Satisfaction Reflected in Latest J.D. Power Results Delivering value to Arizona Public Service (APS) customers went beyond just keeping lights on and air-conditioners running through the summer season. J.D. Power s (JDP) 2022 third-quarter residential results also reflected APS s commitment to improving customers overall experience. Compared to 2021, APS has made quartile gains in every single driver of residential customer satisfaction. Consequently, overall satisfaction is now well above industry benchmarks when compared to the company s large investor-owned peers. This improvement places the company firmly into the second quartile for residential customer satisfaction. APS s strongest performing drivers through the first three quarters of 2022 were Customer Care (phone and digital), Power Quality and Reliability, Corporate Citizenship, and Billing Payment. Additionally, JDP s Business 2022 mid-year results place the company in the first quartile nationally for business customers. There s no doubt in my mind that creating customer value is inseparably linked to increasing shareholder value, Guldner said. Our team has embraced this customer-centric focus to achieve an industry-leading customer experience, while demonstrating compassion and advocacy for our customers. As a result, our employees commitment and focus has led to APS being among the most improved utilities in the nation for both residential and business customer satisfaction. A Look to the Future Looking forward, Guldner said, We are creating long-term value for customers and shareholders by executing our strategy of operational excellence and sound capital investment to meet the energy needs of one of the fastest growing regions in the country. Additionally, disciplined cost management remains a central theme at the company and along with our recent rate case filing is a key to future earnings improvement. Filed last week, the company s general rate case will focus on a return to balanced ratemaking, which will enable the company to make responsible and necessary investments to meet the needs of its customers today and in the future. These investments include Ensuring service reliability and resilience Securing a clean, balanced energy supply for Arizona and Continuously improving support for all customers, including expanded bill assistance programs for those who need additional support. Financial Outlook Given the positive year-to-date impacts of beneficial weather, strong sales and customer growth, the company increased its 2022 consolidated earnings guidance range to $4.20 to $4.35 per diluted share from a previously disclosed range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share. Key factors and assumptions underlying the 2022 outlook including inflationary pressures can be found in the third-quarter 2022 earnings presentation slides at pinnaclewest.com investors. Conference Call and Webcast Pinnacle West invites interested parties to listen to the live webcast of management s conference call to discuss the Company s financial results and recent developments, and to provide an update on the company s long-term financial outlook, at noon ET (9 a.m. Arizona time) today, Nov. 3. The webcast can be accessed at pinnaclewest.com presentations and will be available for replay on the website for 30 days. To access the live conference call by telephone, dial (888) 506-0062 or (973) 528-0011 for international callers and enter pa

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-22-000064_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw09302021exhibit9911.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE August 3, 2022 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS LOWER 2022 SECOND-QUARTER RESULTS Quarterly results consistent with expectations full-year 2022 earnings guidance maintained Customer and sales growth continue to bolster the company s underlying fundamentals EPA recognizes APS as 2022 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $164.3 million, or $1.45 per diluted share of common stock, for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. This result compares with earnings of $215.7 million, or $1.91 per share, in the same 2021 period. As with the 2022 first quarter, the company s second-quarter results reflect the unfavorable outcome of the company s recent general rate case, which was implemented on Dec. 1, 2021. As a result of that rate decision, the Company is no longer deferring costs related to the Four Corners selective catalytic reduction (SCR) and Ocotillo modernization projects to a regulatory asset. These costs are now reflected in the income statement and result in a reduction in net income. Other factors negatively affecting the 2022 second-quarter results were higher depreciation and amortization expense due to increased plant assets and updated depreciation rates lower revenue driven by the inability to continue using alternative revenue accounting treatment for the lost fixed cost recovery (LFCR) mechanism and higher operations and maintenance expense. These negative factors were partially offset by customer growth and lower income taxes. Second-quarter results were in line with our expectations, and we remain well-positioned to meet our financial commitments for the full year, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Guldner, citing strong year-over-year second-quarter sales growth of 3.2%, robust customer growth of 2%, superior reliability and operating performance by employees, and continued cost management. EPA Recognizes Company s Energy Efficiency and Demand Response Programs For the second consecutive year, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recognized Arizona Public Service with the ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year Award for excellence in customer energy efficiency programs. These offerings include the APS Marketplace, a one-stop online shop that offers customers smart energy products at competitive prices, and the company s Cool Rewards program. In the last year alone, these and other APS energy efficiency programs have helped the company manage energy demand and reduce lifetime carbon dioxide emissions by 2.3 billion pounds the equivalent of removing 224,791 gasoline-powered passenger vehicles from Arizona roadways. In its fourth year of operation, our Cool Rewards demand response program essentially operates as a virtual power plant where our customers provide nearly 100 megawatts of flexible, clean capacity, said Guldner. The program connects nearly 66,000 APS customers with smart thermostat technology that helps them save money, while also playing an integral role in conserving energy when the demand on the electric grid is at its highest. This partnership helps us ensure reliable, uninterrupted service to our customers on the hottest Arizona days, while also assisting us on our journey to 100% clean and carbon-free electricity by 2050. APS Helping Customers Manage Their Energy Use, Bills, Heat In addition to its award-winning energy efficiency programs, APS provides a variety of resources and money-saving tips to help customers stay comfortable and manage their electric bills through summer s scorching temperatures. The APS mobile app and aps.com let customers check their energy use, access energy-saving tips customized to their service plan, and monitor and report outages. Additionally, in the face of extreme temperatures and prolonged heat, APS has expanded its heat-relief initiatives, including partnering with local community organizations to aid the state s most vulnerable populations. This includes support for The Salvation Army s network of 18 cooling and hydration stations across Arizona a collaboration with the Foundation for Senior Living offering emergency repair or replacement of AC systems during the scorching summer months and an emergency shelter and eviction-protection program in partnership with St. Vincent de Paul. The company also offers a variety of assistance programs for those who are struggling with their bill. These offerings include the Energy Support programs, which provide limited-income customers with a monthly discount on their bill Crisis Bill Assistance, providing up to $800 annually to qualified limited-income customers who experience unexpected financial hardship and Project SHARE, a Salvation Army-administered service providing up to $300 annually in emergency energy bill assistance. APS customers needing aid are encouraged to visit aps.com support for a full list of assistance programs, including up-to-date details on year-round financial resources and support. Financial Outlook For 2022, the company continues to expect its consolidated earnings guidance will be in the range of $3.90 to $4.10 per diluted share on a weather-normalized basis. Key factors and assumptions underlying the 2022 outlook can be found in the second-quarter 2022 earnings presentation slides at pinnaclewest.com investors. Conference Call and Webcast Pinnacle West invites interested parties to listen to the live webcast of management s conference call to discuss the company s 2022 second-quarter results, as well as recent developments, at noon ET (9 a.m. Arizona time) today, August 3. Join the live webcast at www.pinnaclewest.com presentations for audio of the call and slides, or dial (888) 506-0062 or (973) 528-0011 for international callers and enter participant access code 507998. A replay of the webcast can be accessed for 30 days at pinnaclewest.com presentations. A replay of the call also will be available until 11 59 p.m. ET, Wednesday, Aug. 10, 2022, by calling (877) 481-4010 in the U.S. and Canada or (919) 882-2331 internationally and entering replay passcode 45856. General Information Pinnacle West Capital Corp., an energy holding company based in Phoenix, has consolidated assets of approximately $23 billion, about 6,300 megawatts 

=== [ER] edgar_0000764622-22-000028_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 a8-kpnw03312022exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE May 4, 2022 Media Contact Analyst Contact Alan Bunnell (602) 250-3376 Amanda Ho (602) 250-3334 Website pinnaclewest.com PINNACLE WEST REPORTS 2022 FIRST-QUARTER RESULTS Lower quarterly results in line with company s expectations following financial reset from recent rate case decision Robust sales and customer growth underscore Arizona s economic strength APS employees focus on summer preparedness and reliability using advanced robotic technology PHOENIX Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE PNW) today reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $17.0 million, or $0.15 per diluted share of common stock, for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. This result compares with $35.6 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, for the same period in 2021. The lower first-quarter results reflect the adverse outcome of the company s recent general rate case. Implemented on Dec. 1, 2021, the unfavorable rate case decision was the primary driver for the lower quarter-over-quarter results. The largest contributing factor was discontinuation of the Four Corners and Ocotillo cost deferrals. Other major factors negatively affecting the 2022 first-quarter results were higher depreciation and amortization expense due to increased plant assets and higher income taxes. These negative effects were partially offset by higher customer usage and customer growth, increased transmission revenue and lower operations and maintenance expense. Despite the impact the rate decision had on our first-quarter revenue, 2022 has started off in line with our expectations during what we ve previously expressed as a financial reset year, said Pinnacle West Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Guldner. Our employees contributed to strong operational performance, and we continue to serve one of the fastest-growing service territories in the nation. Our quarterly customer growth was a robust 2.2%, and we experienced stronger-than-projected sales growth of 4.4%. Though this growth is positive, it still does not make up for the negative impacts of the rate case outcome, Guldner stated. In fact, the tremendous growth we are experiencing accentuates the need for substantial capital investment in order to maintain the reliability and safety of our system, and it emphasizes the need for reasonable and timely recovery of those investments. Employees prepare for summer reliability Guldner said as more families and companies choose Arizona to live and do business, our employees are laser-focused on the critical preparations necessary to continue delivering reliable power throughout our peak summer season especially as energy supplies tighten in the western region. In addition to building new infrastructure to meet growth, maintaining new infrastructure to ensure reliability, and procuring additional energy to meet summer demand, APS employees are nearing completion of a scheduled maintenance and refueling outage at Palo Verde Generation Station Unit 1. As the largest source of carbon-free energy in the U.S., the three-unit nuclear plant is critical to meeting summer demand across the desert southwest. APS employees also are conducting fire-mitigation line patrols and emergency operations drills managing supply-chain constraints to acquire critical spare equipment and performing preventative maintenance all part of the company s longstanding seasonal preparation activities. Advanced technology keeps employees safe while ensuring customer reliability As part of its proactive system upkeep, the company s P redictive Maintenance (PDM) inspection team uses advanced technology to conduct safe and efficient facility assessments. With infrared cameras, three active drones and two robots, the company can perform safer inspections of hard-to-reach and dangerous areas such as transmission towers, power lines and manholes. The latest addition to the PDM team is a Boston Dynamics-built robot named Spot the Dog. APS employees can remotely operate Spot to examine confined spaces, conduct night inspections and perform security work using a built-in infrared camera all without an employee having to step foot in an unsafe or restricted area. APS has always been dedicated to technology and innovation, and Spot the Dog is just the next evolution in our reliability journey, said Guldner. This robot and other high-tech tools help our employees stay safe, while also improving efficiency and system reliability for our customers. The company s focus on technology also is allowing it to deliver a superior customer experience. Enhancements to the APS website, interactive outage map, and alerts by text and email have enhanced customers digital experience, grown transaction engagement and improved overall customer satisfaction. Financial Outlook For 2022, the company continues to expect its consolidated earnings guidance will be in the range of $3.90 to $4.10 per diluted share on a weather-normalized basis. Key factors and assumptions underlying the 2022 outlook can be found in the first-quarter 2022 earnings presentation slides 