=== TTD_2026-04-09.htm.gz ===
ttd-20260408 0001671933 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD 0001671933 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001671933 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001671933 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001671933 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001671933 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001671933 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.___) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 THE TRADE DESK, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents The Trade Desk, Inc. 42 N. Chestnut Street Ventura, California 93001 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To be held May 4, 2026 To our stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders of The Trade Desk, Inc. (the Annual Meeting ) to be held virtually on Monday, May 4, 2026, at 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time. You can attend the Annual Meeting via the Internet, vote your shares electronically and submit your questions during the Annual Meeting, by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TTD2026 (there is no physical location for the Annual Meeting). You will need to have your 16-Digit Control Number included on your proxy card to join the Annual Meeting. We are holding the Annual Meeting for the following purposes: 1. To elect two Class I directors; 2. To conduct a non-binding, advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers; 3. To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026; and 4. To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or at any and all adjournments, continuations or postponements thereof. If you owned our Class A common stock or Class B common stock at the close of business on April 6, 2026, you may attend and vote at the Annual Meeting. A list of stockholders eligible to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for review during our regular business hours at our headquarters in Ventura, California for the ten days prior to the Annual Meeting for any purpose related to the Annual Meeting. On or about April 15, 2026, we expect to mail to our stockholders our proxy materials, including this notice, our statement for our Annual Meeting (the Proxy Statement ) and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the Annual Report ). This notice, the Proxy Statement and the Annual Report can be accessed directly at the following Internet address: www.proxyvote.com. All you have to do is enter the control number located on your proxy card. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, I hope that you will vote as soon as possible. You may vote your shares via a toll-free telephone number or over the Internet. You may also submit your proxy card or voting instruction card for the Annual Meeting by completing, signing, dating and returning your proxy card or voting instruction card in the envelope provided. Any stockholder of record attending the Annual Meeting may vote during the Annual Meeting, even if you have already returned a proxy card or voting instruction card. Thank you for your ongoing support of The Trade Desk. Sincerely, Jeff T. Green Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ventura, California April 9, 2026 Table of Contents YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT ALL STOCKHOLDERS ARE INVITED TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING, PLEASE VOTE AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE IN ORDER TO ENSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE ANNUAL MEETING. PLEASE NOTE THAT IF YOUR SHARES ARE HELD OF RECORD BY A BROKER, BANK OR OTHER NOMINEE AND YOU WISH TO VOTE AT THE ANNUAL MEETING, YOU MUST OBTAIN FROM THE RECORD HOLDER A PROXY ISSUED IN YOUR NAME. Table of Contents THE TRADE DESK, INC. 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS GENERAL INFORMATION 1 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING, THE PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING YOUR SHARES 1 PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 7 PROPOSAL T WO : NON-BINDING, ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 10 PROPOSAL THREE : RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 11 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 13 INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 14 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 19 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 20 INFORMATION REGARDING COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND NON- EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 34 REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 56 OWNERSHIP OF THE TRADE DESK, INC. COMMON STOCK 57 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 59 DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS 59 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 60 APPENDIX A: NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE INFORMATION 61 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS THE TRADE DESK, INC. GENERAL INFORMATION The board of directors of The Trade Desk, Inc. is soliciting proxies for our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) to be held on Monday, May 4, 2026, at 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time. This year s Annual Meeting will be held entirely via the Internet. Stockholders may participate in the Annual Meeting by visiting the following website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TTD2026. To participate in the Annual Meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number included on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. The proxy materials, including this proxy statement for our Annual Meeting (the Proxy Statement ), proxy card or voting instruction card and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the Annual Report ), are first being mailed on or about April 15, 2026, to stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. We also made these materials available on our website at www.thetradedesk.com under the headings Investors on or about April 9, 2026. This Proxy Statement contains important information for you to consider when deciding how to vote on the matters brought before the Annual Meeting. Please read it carefully. Unless the context requires otherwise, the words The Trade Desk, we, the Company, us, and our refer to The Trade Desk, Inc. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING, THE PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING YOUR SHARES WHAT IS INCLUDED IN THESE MATERIALS AND POSTED ON OUR WEBSITE? These materials include: The Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting, including the proxy card; and The Annual Report. WHY DID YOU SEND ME THESE PROXY MATERIALS? You are receiving these materials in connection with the solicitation of your proxy to vote by our board of directors at the Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. We have elected to utilize the full set delivery option of providing paper copies of the proxy materials by mail to all stockholders, as well as providing access to our proxy materials on a publicly accessible website. This Proxy Statement and the form of proxy card are also available free of charge at www.proxyvote.com. Proxy materials were first made available or distributed to stockholders beginning on or about April 9, 2026. WHAT ITEMS WILL BE VOTED ON AT THE ANNUAL MEETING? There are three items that will be voted on at the Annual Meeting: 1. The election of two Class I directors; 2. The approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers; and 3. The ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. WHAT ARE OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS VOTING RECOMMENDATIONS? Our board of directors recommends that you vote your shares FOR each of the nominees to the board of directors, FOR the approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers and FOR the ratification of the appointment of PwC as our independent registered public accounting firm. WHAT IS A PROXY? Our board of directors is soliciting your vote at the Annual Meeting. A proxy is your legal designation of another person to vote the stock you own. That other person is called a proxy. If you designate someone as your proxy, that designation also 1 Table of Contents is called a proxy or, if in a written document, a proxy card. Jeff Green, Tahnil Davis and Jay Grant have been designated as proxies for the Annual Meeting. WHO CAN VOTE AT THE ANNUAL MEETING? Only holders of record of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock at the close of business on April 6, 2026 (the Record Date ) will be entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. The Record Date was established by our board of directors. Stockholders of record at the close of business on the Record Date are entitled to: Receive notice of the Annual Meeting; and Vote at the Annual Meeting and any adjournments, continuations or postponements of the Annual Meeting. On the Record Date, there were 426,989,140 shares of our Class A common stock outstanding and 43,108,629 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding. Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote as a single class on all matters described in this Proxy Statement for which your vote is being solicited, other than the election of the director nominee whom holders of Class A common stock, voting separately as a class, are entitled to elect (the Class A Director ). Stockholders are not permitted to cumulate votes with respect to the election of directors. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote on each proposal and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes on each proposal. Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are collectively referred to in this Proxy Statement as our common stock. IS MY VOTE CONFIDENTIAL? Proxy instructions, ballots and voting tabulations that identify individual stockholders are handled in a manner that protects your voting privacy. Your vote will not be disclosed either among our employees or to third parties, except: (1) as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements, (2) to allow for the tabulation of votes and certification of the vote and (3) to facilitate a successful proxy solicitation. Occasionally, stockholders provide written comments on their proxy card, which are then forwarded to our management. WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN HOLDING SHARES AS A STOCKHOLDER OF RECORD AND HOLDING SHARES AS BENEFICIAL OWNER (OR IN STREET NAME )? Most stockholders are considered beneficial owners of their shares, that is, they hold their shares through a broker, bank or other nominee rather than directly in their own name. As summarized below, there are some distinctions between shares held of record and those owned beneficially or in street name. Stockholder of Record: If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, you are considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares and we are sending the proxy materials directly to you. As a stockholder of record, you have the right to grant your voting proxy directly to us or to vote at the Annual Meeting. We have enclosed a proxy card for your vote. Beneficial Owner: If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held in street name, and proxy materials are being forwarded to you by your broker, bank or other nominee (who is considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares). As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other nominee as to how to vote your shares if you follow the instructions you receive from your broker, bank or other nominee. You are also invited to attend the Annual Meeting. However, since you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote these shares at the Annual Meeting unless you request, complete and deliver the proper documentation provided by your broker, bank or other nominee. WHAT ARE THE DIFFERENT METHODS THAT I CAN USE TO VOTE MY SHARES OF COMMON STOCK? By Internet: U ntil 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 3, 2026, you can vote via the Internet by visiting the website noted on your proxy card. Internet voting is available 24 hours a day. We encourage you to vote via the Internet, as it is the most cost-effective way to vote. Beneficial owners may vote by telephone or the Internet if their banks, brokers or nominees make those methods available, by following the instructions provided to them with the proxy materials. By Telephone: U ntil 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 3, 2026, you can also vote your shares by telephone by calling the toll-free telephone number indicated on your proxy card and following the voice prompt instructions. Telephone voting is available 24 hours a day. 2 Table of Contents By Mail: You can vote your shares by marking, signing and timely returning the proxy card enclosed with the proxy materials. Beneficial owners must follow the directions provided by their broker, bank or other nominee in order to direct such broker, bank or other nominee as to how to vote their shares. During the Annual Meeting: You can vote and submit questions during the Annual Meeting by attending the virtual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TTD2026 . Please have your proxy card in hand when you visit the website. HOW MANY SHARES MUST BE PRESENT TO HOLD THE ANNUAL MEETING? The holders of a majority of the voting power of all of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock as of the Record Date must be present at the Annual Meeting or represented by proxy for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. This is called a quorum. In addition, the holders of a majority of the voting power of our issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock as of the Record Date must be present at the Annual Meeting or represented by proxy to constitute a quorum for purposes of the election of the Class A Director. Your shares will be counted for purposes of determining if there is a quorum, if you: Are entitled to vote and you are present at the Annual Meeting; or Have voted on the Internet, by telephone or by properly submitting a proxy card or voting instruction form by mail. Broker non-votes and abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. If there are not enough shares present both at the Annual Meeting and by timely and properly submitted proxy cards to constitute a quorum, the Annual Meeting may be adjourned until such time as a sufficient number of shares are present. HOW ARE ABSTENTIONS COUNTED? You may choose to abstain or refrain from voting your shares on one or more issues presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. However, for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum, abstentions are counted as present. For the purpose of determining whether the stockholders have approved a matter, abstentions will not affect the outcome of the vote of any matter being voted on at the Annual Meeting. WHAT IF A STOCKHOLDER DOES NOT PROVIDE A PROXY OR, IF A PROXY IS RETURNED, IT DOES NOT SPECIFY A CHOICE FOR ONE OR MORE ISSUES? You should specify your choice for each issue to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting. If no proxy is returned or if a proxy is signed and returned but no specific instructions are given on one or more of the issues to be voted upon at that Annual Meeting, proxies will be voted in accordance with applicable rules, laws and regulations as follows: Stockholders of Record. If you are a stockholder of record and you do not return a proxy and you do not vote at the Annual Meeting, your shares will not be voted at our Annual Meeting, and if you are not present at the Annual Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists for the Annual Meeting. If you do return a proxy via the Internet, telephone or mail, but you fail to specify how your shares should be voted on one or more issues to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting, then to the extent you did not specify a choice, your shares will be voted: (i) FOR Proposal One for the election of all of the director nominees, (ii) FOR Proposal Two to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers and (iii) FOR Proposal Three ratifying the selection of PwC as our independent registered public accounting firm. Beneficial Owners. If you are a beneficial owner and (i) you do not provide your broker or other nominee who holds your shares with voting instructions, or (ii) you do provide a proxy card but you fail to specify your voting instructions on one or more of the issues to be voted upon at our Annual Meeting, under applicable rules, your broker or other nominee may exercise discretionary authority to vote your shares on routine proposals but may not vote your shares on non-routine proposals. The shares that cannot be voted by brokers and other nominees on non-routine matters but are represented at the Annual Meeting will be deemed present at our Annual Meeting for purposes of determining whether the necessary quorum exists to proceed with the Annual Meeting but will not be considered entitled to vote on the non-routine proposals. 3 Table of Contents We believe that under applicable rules Proposal Three: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is considered a routine matter for which brokerage firms may vote shares that are held in the name of brokerage firms and which are not voted by the applicable beneficial owners. However, we believe that Proposal One: Election of Directors and Proposal Two: Approval, on a Non-Binding, Advisory Basis, of Named Executive Officer Compensation are considered non-routine matters under applicable rules. Accordingly, brokers or other nominees cannot vote on these proposals without instruction from beneficial owners. WHAT IS THE VOTING REQUIREMENT TO APPROVE EACH OF THE PROPOSALS? The following table sets forth the voting requirement with respect to each of the proposals: Proposal One Election of directors As set forth in our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, the holders of Class A common stock, voting as a separate class, are entitled to elect the Class A Director by a plurality of the votes cast. The nominee for Class A Director receiving the most FOR votes (among votes properly cast by holders of Class A common stock at the Annual Meeting or by proxy) will be elected. The nominee for director other than the Class A Director must be elected by a plurality of the votes cast, meaning that the nominee receiving the most FOR votes (among votes properly cast at the Annual Meeting or by proxy) will be elected. Only votes FOR will affect the outcome. Brokers will not have discretionary voting authority with respect to shares held in street name for their clients. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not affect the outcome of the vote. Proposal Two Approval, on a Non-Binding Advisory Basis, of Named Executive Officer Compensation To be approved, on a non-binding, advisory basis, by our stockholders, a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting must vote FOR this proposal. Brokers will not have discretionary voting authority with respect to shares held in street name for their clients. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not affect the outcome of the vote. Proposal Three Ratification of appointment of independent registered public accounting firm As set forth in our amended and restated bylaws, to be approved by our stockholders, a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting or by proxy must vote FOR this proposal. Brokers will have discretionary voting authority with respect to shares held in street name for their clients, even if the broker does not receive voting instructions from their client. Accordingly, we do not anticipate that there will be any broker non-votes on this proposal; however, broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast and will therefore have no effect on the proposal. Abstentions will also have no effect on the proposal. HOW DO I CHANGE OR REVOKE MY PROXY? You may revoke your proxy and change your vote at any time before the final vote at the Annual Meeting. You may vote again on a later date on the Internet or by telephone (only your latest Internet or telephone proxy submitted prior to the Annual Meeting will be counted), or by signing and returning a new proxy card with a later date, or by attending the Annual Meeting and voting during the Annual Meeting. However, your attendance at the Annual Meeting will not automatically revoke your proxy unless you vote again at the Annual Meeting or specifically request in writing that your prior proxy be revoked. WHAT DOES IT MEAN IF I RECEIVE MORE THAN ONE PROXY CARD? 4 Table of Contents It means that your shares are registered differently or you have multiple accounts. Please vote all of these shares separately to ensure all of the shares you hold are voted. HOW CAN STOCKHOLDERS SUBMIT A PROPOSAL FOR INCLUSION IN OUR PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE 2027 ANNUAL MEETING? To be included in our proxy statement for the 2027 annual meeting, stockholder proposals must comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and be received by our Secretary at our principal executive offices no later than December 10, 2026, which is one hundred twenty (120) calendar days before the one-year anniversary of the date on which we first released this Proxy Statement to stockholders in connection with this year s Annual Meeting. In connection with the 2027 annual meeting, we intend to file a proxy statement and a WHITE proxy card with the SEC in connection with our solicitation of proxies for that meeting. HOW CAN STOCKHOLDERS SUBMIT PROPOSALS TO BE RAISED AT THE 2027 ANNUAL MEETING THAT WILL NOT BE INCLUDED IN OUR PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE 2027 ANNUAL MEETING? To be raised at the 2027 annual meeting, stockholder proposals must comply with our amended and restated bylaws. Under our amended and restated bylaws, a stockholder must give advance notice to our Secretary of any business, including nominations of candidates for election as directors to our board, that the stockholder wishes to raise at our annual meeting. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, our principal executive offices not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting. Since our Annual Meeting is on May 4, 2026, stockholder proposals must be received by our Secretary at our principal executive offices no earlier than January 4, 2027, and no later than February 3, 2027, in order to be raised at our 2027 annual meeting. In addition to satisfying the foregoing requirements under our amended and restated bylaws, to comply with the universal proxy rules, stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than our nominees must provide notice that sets forth the information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. WHAT IF THE DATE OF THE 2027 ANNUAL MEETING CHANGES BY MORE THAN 30 DAYS FROM THE ANNIVERSARY OF THIS YEAR S ANNUAL MEETING? Under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, if the date of the 2027 annual meeting changes by more than 30 days from the anniversary of this year s annual meeting, to be included in our proxy statement, stockholder proposals must be received by us within a reasonable time before our solicitation is made. Under our amended and restated bylaws, if the date of the 2027 annual meeting is advanced by more than thirty (30) days or delayed by more than sixty (60) days from the anniversary of this year s annual meeting, stockholder proposals to be brought before the 2027 annual meeting must be delivered, or mailed and received, not more than the hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not less than the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or, if later, the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was first made. DOES A STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUIRE SPECIFIC INFORMATION? With respect to a stockholder s nomination of a candidate for our board of directors, the stockholder notice to the Secretary must contain certain information as set forth in our amended and restated bylaws about both the nominee and the stockholder making the nomination. With respect to any other business that the stockholder proposes, the stockholder notice must contain a brief description of such business and the reasons for conducting such business at the Annual Meeting, as well as certain other information as set forth in our amended and restated bylaws. If you wish to bring a stockholder proposal or nominate a candidate for director, you are advised to review our amended and restated bylaws, which contain additional requirements about advance notice of stockholder proposals and director nominations. A copy of our amended and restated bylaws is available via the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. You may also contact our Secretary at the address set forth above for a copy of the relevant bylaw provisions regarding the requirements for making stockholder proposals and nominating director candidates. WHAT HAPPENS IF WE RECEIVE A STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL THAT IS NOT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE TIME FRAMES DESCRIBED ABOVE? If we receive notice of a matter to come before the 2027 annual meeting that is not in accordance with the deadlines described above, we will use our discretion in determining whether or not to bring such matter before such meeting. If such 5 Table of Contents matter is brought before such meeting, then our proxy card for such meeting will confer upon our proxy holders discretionary authority to vote on such matter. WHAT HAPPENS IF ADDITIONAL MATTERS ARE PRESENTED AT THE ANNUAL MEETING? Other than the three items of business described in this Proxy Statement, we are not aware of any other business to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting. If you grant a proxy, the persons named as proxy holders, Jeff Green, Tahnil Davis and Jay Grant, or any of them, will have the discretion to vote your shares on any additional matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. If for any reason any of the nominees is not available as a candidate for director, the persons named as proxy holders will vote your proxy for such other candidate or candidates as may be nominated by our board of directors. WHO BEARS THE COST OF THIS SOLICITATION? We pay the entire cost of preparing, assembling, printing, mailing and distributing these proxy materials. In addition, we may reimburse banks, brokers and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries representing beneficial owners of shares for their expenses in forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. Proxies may be solicited by certain of our directors, officers and employees, personally or by mail, telephone, facsimile, email or other means of communication (electronic or otherwise). No additional compensation will be paid for such services. HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY MATERIALS The SEC has adopted rules that permit companies and intermediaries (e.g., brokers) to satisfy the delivery requirements for proxy statements and annual reports, or Notices of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, with respect to two or more stockholders sharing the same address by delivering a single proxy statement and annual report, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, addressed to those stockholders. This process, which is commonly referred to as householding, potentially means extra convenience for stockholders and cost savings for companies. In accordance with these rules, only one proxy statement and annual report, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, will be delivered to multiple stockholders sharing an address unless we have received contrary instructions from one or more of the stockholders. Stockholders who currently receive multiple copies of the proxy statement and annual report, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, at their address and would like to request householding of their communications should contact their broker if they are beneficial owners or direct their request to Broadridge at the contact information below if they are record holders. If, at any time, you no longer wish to participate in householding and would prefer to receive a separate proxy statement and annual report, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, please notify your broker, if you are a beneficial owner or, if you are a record holder, direct your written request to Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717 or call Broadridge at 1-866-540-7095. If requested, we will also promptly deliver, upon oral or written request, a separate copy of the proxy statement and annual report, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, to any stockholder residing at an address to which only one copy was mailed. WHERE CAN I FIND THE VOTING RESULTS OF THE ANNUAL MEETING? We will announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting. We will also disclose voting results on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC within four business days after the Annual Meeting, which will be available on our website. 6 Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS In voting on the election of our director nominees, stockholders may: Vote in favor of all nominees; Vote in favor of specific nominees; or Withhold votes as to specific nominees. Assuming a quorum is present; directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the board of directors, provided the board of directors shall consist of at least one (1) member. Our board of directors is currently comprised of five (5) directors. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that our board of directors shall be divided into three classes, each consisting of as nearly one-third of the total number of directors as possible. Each class of directors serves a three-year term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders in the year listed in the table below: Class I (2026) Class II (2027) Class III (2028) Jeff T. Green Samantha Jacobson Andrew Vollero Andrea L. Cunningham Omar Tawakol Our board of directors has nominated Jeff T. Green and Andrea L. Cunningham for election as Class I directors, each to serve a three-year term that expires at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2029 and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. Mr. Green and Ms. Cunningham are currently serving as Class I directors, and Ms. Cunningham is currently serving as the Class A Director. Mr. Green and Ms. Cunningham have consented to serve for a new term. Directors listed in Class II and Class III above are not being elected this year and will continue in office for the remainder of their terms, as described above, unless such directors resign or their service as directors otherwise ceases in accordance with our amended and restated articles of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws. Vote Required The Class I directors being voted on this year are elected by a plurality of the votes cast. This means that the director nominee with the most affirmative votes for a particular seat is elected for that seat. Abstentions have no effect on the outcome of the vote. In addition, under our amended and restated articles of incorporation, and based on the current size of our board of directors, holders of our Class A common stock, voting as a separate class, have the right to elect one Class A Director. The Class A Director is elected by a plurality of the votes cast by holders of our Class A common stock, voting separately as a class. Ms. Cunningham has been nominated as the Class A Director. It is the intention of the persons named as proxies herein to vote in favor of the candidates nominated by our board of directors unless such authority is withheld, either by affirmative vote of the stockholders or deemed withheld by the failure of stockholders to submit their votes. If any nominee should not be available for election, the proxies will be voted in the best judgment of the persons authorized as proxies. 7 Table of Contents THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH OF THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES. Information Concerning Director Nominees The name and age of each nominee for director, his or her position with us, the year in which he or she first became a director, and certain biographical information as of April 9, 2026, is set forth below: Name Age Positions and Offices Held with the Company Director Since Andrea L. Cunningham 69 Class A Director January 2022 Jeff T. Green 49 President and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman November 2009 Andrea L. Cunningham has served as a member of our board of directors since January 2022. Since 2012, Ms. Cunningham has served as the president of Cunningham Collective, a consulting firm she founded that advises companies on marketing, brand and communication strategies. Under the umbrella of Cunningham Collective and her previous firm, CXO Communications, she has held various senior marketing positions at various companies, including serving as Chief Marketing Officer for Avaya Inc., a cloud communications company, from 2014 to 2015. Ms. Cunningham currently serves on the boards of directors of numerous private companies, and previously served on the boards of directors of RhythmOne plc (formerly Blinkx), a digital advertising technology company then-traded on the London Stock Exchange, from February 2016 to February 2018. Ms. Cunningham received a B.A. in English from Northwestern University and completed the Harvard Business School Executive Education program. Ms. Cunningham currently serves as a representative of the holders of our Class A common stock. For more information, see Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance Class A Director. We believe that Ms. Cunningham is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive management experience, track record at other technology companies and industry background. Jeff T. Green co-founded The Trade Desk and has served as our president and chief executive officer and as a member of our board of directors since November 2009. Prior to joining The Trade Desk, from May 2004 to October 2009, Mr. Green founded AdECN, the world s first online advertising exchange, and served as its chief operating officer, where he led strategy, product and business development until it was acquired by Microsoft in 2007. At Microsoft Corporation, Mr. Green oversaw the AdECN exchange business, as well as all reseller and channel partner business. Mr. Green has also played a leadership role in the ad tech industry, having served on the Networks and Exchanges Quality Assurance Guidelines Committee for the Internet Advertising Bureau ( IAB ) from 2011 to 2012. At IAB, Mr. Green led working groups that established rules and best practices for acquiring inventory and set data transaction standards. We believe that Mr. Green is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive management experience and sophisticated industry background. 8 Table of Contents Information Concerning Current Directors and Directors Continuing in Office The name and age of each director currently or continuing in office, his or her position with us, the year in which he or she first became a director, and certain biographical information as of April 9, 2026, is set forth below: Name Age Positions and Offices Held with the Company Director Since Samantha Jacobson 41 Chief Strategy Officer, Director January 2024 Omar Tawakol 57 Director August 2025 Andrew Vollero 60 Director April 2026 Samantha Jacobson has served as a member of our board of directors since January 2024 and as our chief strategy officer since February 2022. Prior to her appointment as our chief strategy officer, Ms. Jacobson served as Vice President, Strategic Partnerships. Before joining The Trade Desk in 2021, Ms. Jacobson served as Vice President of Strategy and Business Development at Oracle from March 2019 to March 2021 and as Senior Director of Strategy and Business Development for Oracle Data Cloud from April 2015 to March 2019. Ms. Jacobson received a B.S.E in Finance and Management from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School. We believe that Ms. Jacobson is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive management experience leading strategic initiatives and industry background. Omar Tawakol has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2025. Mr. Tawakol has served as chief executive officer of Rembrand, Inc. ( Rembrand ), a software technology company specializing in virtual product ads, since November 2022. Prior to Rembrand, Mr. Tawakol founded Voicea, a voice collaboration platform, and served as its chief executive officer from January 2017 to September 2019 prior to its acquisition by Cisco Systems, Inc. ( Cisco ), a digital communications technology company, following which Mr. Tawakol served as general manager of Product-led Growth Webex at Cisco from September 2019 to February 2023. Prior to Voicea, Mr. Tawakol founded Blue Kai, Inc., a data management platform, and served as its chief executive officer from December 2007 to September 2016 prior to its acquisition by Oracle Corporation ( Oracle ), a computer technology company, following which Mr. Tawakol served as senior vice president and general manager of Oracle Data Cloud at Oracle from April 2014 to September 2016. Mr. Tawakol has served as a member of the board of directors of LiveRamp Holdings, Inc., a data connectivity platform, since April 2021. Mr. Tawakol received a B.S. in Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, an M.S. in Engineering from Stanford University and an M.S. in Computer Science from Stanford University. We believe that Mr. Tawakol is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his seasoned experience as a technology executive, especially with respect to data management and technology platforms enabled by artificial intelligence, as well as his service on other boards of directors. Andrew Vollero has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2026. Mr. Vollero has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Reddit, Inc., a social news aggregation, content rating, and forum social network, since March 2021. Prior to joining Reddit, he served as Chief Financial Officer at Allied Universal, a provider of security, technological and professional services, from October 2018 to March 2021. From August 2015 to May 2018, Mr. Vollero served as the first Chief Financial Officer of Snap Inc., a camera and social media company. From September 2000 to August 2015, Mr. Vollero was employed at Mattel, Inc., a toy manufacturer, where he served as the Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Development Investor Relations from September 2005 to August 2015 and Division Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Finance and Strategy from September 2000 to September 2005. Mr. Vollero received a Master of Science in Management from Oxford University and a Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Economics from Yale University. We believe that Mr. Vollero is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive management experience, strategic leadership track record and high-growth company background. 9 Table of Contents PROPOSAL TWO: NON-BINDING, ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Section 14A of the Exchange Act requires that we provide our stockholders with the opportunity to vote to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, not less frequently than once every three years, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement in accordance with the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC. Notwithstanding such say on frequency votes, starting at this annual meeting of stockholders, our board of directors will submit a non-binding, advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers to our stockholders each year. Our board of directors believes that this change will continue to foster the Company s ethos of transparency and accountability. Our board of directors aims to enhance trust and engagement with our stockholders while aligning leadership incentives with long-term company goals. Recommendation Our compensation programs are designed to effectively align our executives interests with the interests of our stockholders by focusing on long-term equity incentives that correlate with the growth of sustainable long-term value for our stockholders. Stockholders are urged to read the section titled Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this Proxy Statement, which discusses how our executive compensation policies and practices implement our compensation philosophy and contains tabular information and narrative discussion about the compensation of our named executive officers. Our board of directors and our compensation committee believe that these policies and practices are effective in implementing our compensation philosophy and in achieving our compensation program goals. The vote on this resolution is not intended to address any specific element of compensation; rather, the vote relates to the compensation of our named executive officers, as described in this Proxy Statement in accordance with the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC. Accordingly, we are asking our stockholders to vote on the following resolution at the Annual Meeting: RESOLVED , that the stockholders hereby approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company's named executive officers, as disclosed in the Company s proxy statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, including the compensation tables and the narrative discussions that accompany the compensation tables. Vote Required for Approval The approval of this non-binding, advisory proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter at the meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on this proposal. The vote is advisory, which means that the vote is not binding on the Company, our board of directors or our compensation committee. To the extent there is any significant vote against our named executive officer compensation as disclosed in this Proxy Statement, our compensation committee will evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address the concerns of stockholders. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL, ON A NON-BINDING, ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. 10 Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM On the recommendation of our audit committee, our board of directors has appointed PwC, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026, and attest to our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2026. We are submitting this selection to our stockholders for ratification. Although we are not required to seek stockholder approval for this appointment, we believe it is sound corporate practice to do so. Representatives from PwC will be in attendance at the Annual Meeting to respond to any appropriate questions and will have the opportunity to make a statement, if they so desire. In the vote on the ratification of the selection of PwC as our independent auditors, stockholders may: Vote in favor of ratification; Vote against ratification; or Abstain from voting on ratification. Vote Required for Approval Assuming a quorum is present, the selection of PwC as our independent auditors will be ratified if the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter at the Annual Meeting is obtained (meaning the number of shares voted FOR the proposal must exceed the number of shares voted AGAINST the proposal). In the event that the stockholders do not ratify the selection of PwC, the appointment of the independent auditors will be reconsidered by the audit committee of the board of directors. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not considered votes cast for the foregoing purpose and will have no effect on the vote for this proposal. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF PWC AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2026. Auditor Information Set forth below are the fees for services rendered by PwC for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: Fee Category 2025 2024 Audit Fees (1) $ 6,668,362 $ 6,067,071 Audit-Related Fees (2) 651,258 455,000 Tax Fees (3) 1,345,096 1,427,291 All Other Fees (4) 8,573 13,985 Total $ 8,673,289 $ 7,963,347 (1) Audit Fees for 2025 and 2024 cover professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, audit of our internal control over financial reporting, new and existing statutory audits of subsidiaries of the Company and services normally provided by PwC in connection with regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Audit-Related Fees were for assurance and other services related to service provider compliance reports, including Service Organization Controls (SOC) reports on the effectiveness of our controls for our demand side platform. (3) Tax Fees cover tax compliance, advice, and planning services and consisted primarily of review of consolidated federal income tax returns as well as tax planning and advice. (4) All Other Fees include professional services rendered by PwC not reported in any other category such as pre-approved permissible advisory and other services, including license fees for accounting research software in 2025 and 2024. 11 Table of Contents Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures The audit committee has adopted policies and procedures regarding pre-approval of permitted audit and non-audit services. Each year, and as needed at other times during the year, (1) the independent registered public accounting firm will submit to the audit committee for approval the terms, fees and conditions of our engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm to perform an integrated audit of our consolidated financial statements and to review our interim financial statements; and (2) management and the independent registered public accounting firm will submit to the audit committee for approval a written pre-approval request of additional audit and non-audit services to be performed for us during the year, including a budgeted range of fees for each category of service outlined in such request. The audit committee has designated the audit committee chair to have the authority to pre-approve interim requests for permissible services that were not contemplated in the engagement letter or in pre-approval requests. The audit committee chair may approve or reject any interim service requests and shall report any interim service pre-approvals at the next regular audit committee meeting. All services provided by PwC during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were pre-approved by the audit committee. 12 Table of Contents REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The information contained in this audit committee report shall not be deemed to be (1) soliciting material, (2) filed with the SEC, (3) subject to Regulations 14A or 14C of the Exchange Act, or (4) subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. No portion of this audit committee report shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, through any general statement incorporating by reference in its entirety the Proxy Statement in which this report appears, except to the extent that The Trade Desk, Inc. specifically incorporates this report or a portion of it by reference. In addition, this report shall not be deemed filed under either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The audit committee of our board of directors is currently comprised of one member and acts under a written charter that has been approved by our board of directors. The current member of the audit committee is an independent director, based upon standards set forth in applicable laws, rules, and regulations. The audit committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with management and has discussed with PwC the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB ) and the SEC. The audit committee also received the written disclosures and the letter from PwC required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding PwC s communications with the audit committee concerning independence and has discussed with PwC its independence. Management is responsible for our financial reporting process and the system of internal controls, including internal control over financial reporting, and procedures designed to promote compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations. PwC is responsible for the audit of the consolidated financial statements and our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. The audit committee s responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes and procedures. Members of the audit committee are not professionally engaged in the practice of accounting or auditing and are not professionals in these fields. The audit committee relies, without independent verification, on the information provided by and on the representations made by management regarding the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, that the financial statements have been prepared with integrity and objectivity, and that such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The audit committee also relies on the opinion of PwC on the consolidated financial statements and internal controls over financial reporting. The audit committee s meetings facilitate communication among the members of the audit committee, management and PwC. The audit committee separately met with PwC, with and without management, to discuss the results of their examinations and their observations and recommendations regarding our internal controls. The audit committee also met separately with management. Based on its discussions with management and PwC, and its review of the representations and information provided by management and PwC, the audit committee recommended to our board of directors that our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS* Jeff T. Green Andrea Cunningham Samantha Jacobson Omar Tawakol * This report has been signed by members of our board of directors who served as of December 31, 2025, and are members of our board of directors as of the filing of this Proxy Statement. At the time of filing our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, the audit committee consisted of Kathryn E. Falberg, Lise J. Buyer and Gokul Rajaram prior to their resignations from our board of directors on March 23, 2026, April 3, 2026, and April 3, 2026, respectively. 13 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Leadership Structure of the Board of Directors Our board of directors recognizes that one of its key responsibilities is to evaluate and determine its optimal leadership structure so as to provide effective oversight of management. Our amended and restated bylaws and corporate governance guidelines provide our board of directors with flexibility to combine or separate the positions of chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer. Our board of directors currently believes that our existing leadership structure, under which our chief executive officer, Mr. Green, serves as chairman of our board of directors is effective. Mr. Green s knowledge of the issues, opportunities and risks facing us, our business and our industry renders him best positioned among our directors to fulfill the chairman s responsibility to develop agendas that focus the time and attention of our board of directors on the most critical matters. Our board of directors will continue to periodically review our leadership structure and may make such changes in the future as it deems appropriate. Our chief executive officer works with the nominating and corporate governance committee and the board of directors on a regular basis to ensure there is a current and effective plan of succession and development for the CEO and the executive management team. Our board of directors believes that the directors and the CEO should collaborate on management succession planning, and that the entire board of directors should be involved in the critical aspects of the succession planning process, including establishing selection criteria that reflect our business strategies, reviewing the Company s leadership pipeline and talent strategies, and identifying and evaluating potential internal candidates. Directors also become familiar with potential successors for key positions at regular meetings and in less formal settings, and management succession is discussed at least annually in the meetings and executive sessions of the board of directors. Our independent directors intend to appoint a lead independent director in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws, who will preside at all meetings of the board of directors at which the chairman of the board of directors is not present, including executive sessions, and performs such additional responsibilities as set forth in our corporate governance guidelines. Role of Board in Risk Oversight Process Risk assessment and oversight are an integral part of our governance and management processes. Our board of directors encourages management to promote a culture that incorporates risk management into our corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations. Management discusses strategic and operational risks at regular management meetings and conducts specific strategic planning and review sessions during the year that include a focused discussion and analysis of the risks facing us. Throughout the year, senior management reviews these risks with our board of directors at regular board meetings as part of management presentations that focus on particular business functions, operations or strategies, and presents the steps taken by management to mitigate or eliminate such risks. Our board of directors does not have a standing risk management committee, but rather administers this oversight function directly through our board of directors as a whole, as well as through various standing committees of our board of directors that address risks inherent in their respective areas of oversight. In particular, our board of directors is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure and our audit committee is responsible for overseeing our major financial risk exposures and the steps our management has taken to monitor and control these exposures. The audit committee also monitors compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, considers and approves or disapproves any related-persons transactions, and receives periodic updates from management on cybersecurity matters. Our nominating and governance committee monitors the effectiveness of our corporate governance guidelines. Our compensation committee assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation programs, policies and practices have the potential to encourage excessive or inappropriate risk-taking. Board Meetings Our board of directors held a total of five meetings during 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the total number of board of directors and committee meetings that were held during the time he or she was a director in 2025. Board Committees Audit Committee 14 Table of Contents Our audit committee oversees our corporate accounting and financial reporting process. Among other matters, the audit committee: appoints our independent registered public accounting firm; evaluates the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence and performance; determines the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm; reviews and approves the scope of the annual audit and the audit fee; discusses with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the results of the annual integrated audit and the review of our quarterly financial statements; approves the retention of the independent registered public accounting firm to perform any proposed permissible non-audit services; monitors the rotation of partners of the independent registered public accounting firm on our engagement team in accordance with requirements established by the SEC; is responsible for reviewing our financial statements and our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to be included in our annual and quarterly reports to be filed with the SEC; reviews the adequacy of internal financial controls with management and our independent registered public accounting firm; reviews our critical accounting policies and estimates; and reviews the audit committee charter and the committee s performance at least annually. Mr. Vollero (chairperson) is currently the sole member of our audit committee. Our board of directors intends to fill the vacancies on the audit committee as expeditiously as possible. Mr. Vollero meets the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ). Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Vollero is an audit committee financial expert as defined under the applicable rules of the SEC and has the requisite financial sophistication as defined under the applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq. Under the rules of the SEC, members of the audit committee must also meet heightened independence standards. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Vollero is independent under the heightened audit committee independence standards of the SEC and Nasdaq. The audit committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and Nasdaq. A copy of the charter of our audit committee is available on our website at http://investors.thetradedesk.com/. During 2025, our audit committee met nine times in person, by video or by telephone. Compensation Committee Our compensation committee reviews and recommends policies relating to the compensation and benefits of our executive officers and employees. Among other matters, our compensation committee: reviews and recommends to our board of directors corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our chief executive officer and other executive officers; evaluates the performance of our executive officers in light of those goals and objectives, and approves the compensation of these executive officers based on such evaluations; reviews and approves or recommends to our board of directors the grant of stock options and other awards under our stock plans; reviews and recommends to our board of directors the compensation of our non-employee directors; and reviews and evaluates, at least annually, the performance of the compensation committee and its members, including compliance by our compensation committee with its charter. In fulfilling its responsibilities, our compensation committee has the authority to delegate any or all of its responsibilities to a subcommittee of the compensation committee. Our compensation committee also has the authority to authorize one of our officers to grant rights or options to officers (other than our executive officers) and employees, in a manner that is in accordance with applicable law, which it has previously authorized our chief executive officer and chief financial officer to do for certain employee equity awards. 15 Table of Contents The members of our compensation committee are Mr. Tawakol (chairperson) and Ms. Cunningham. Each of the members of our compensation committee is independent under the applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq and meets all other eligibility requirements of applicable laws. Our compensation committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and Nasdaq. A copy of the charter of our compensation committee is available on our website at http://investors.thetradedesk.com. During 2025, our compensation committee met five times in person, by video or by telephone. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for making recommendations to our board of directors regarding candidates for directorships and the size and composition of our board of directors. In addition, the nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for overseeing our corporate governance policies and reporting and making recommendations to our board of directors concerning governance matters. Ms. Cunningham (chairperson) is the sole member of our nominating and corporate governance committee. Ms. Cunningham is an independent director under the applicable rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and Nasdaq. A copy of the charter of our nominating and corporate governance committee is available on our website at http://investors.thetradedesk.com. During 2025, our nominating and corporate governance committee met four times in person, by video or by telephone. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During 2025, Kathryn E. Falberg, Gokul Rajaram and David Wells served as members of our compensation committee. Omar Tawakol and Andrea Cunningham were appointed to our compensation committee in April 2026. None of the members of our compensation committee has at any time been one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past fiscal year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers on our board of directors or compensation committee. Identifying and Evaluating Director Nominees Our nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for reviewing with the board of directors, on an annual basis, the appropriate characteristics, skills and experience required for the board of directors as a whole and its individual members. In evaluating the suitability of individual candidates (both new candidates and current members), the nominating and corporate governance committee, in recommending candidates for election, and the board of directors, in approving (and, in the case of vacancies, appointing) such candidates, will take into account many factors, including the following: personal and professional integrity; ethics and values; experience in corporate management, such as serving as an officer or former officer of a publicly held company; experience in the industries in which we compete; experience as a board member or executive officer of another publicly held company; diversity of expertise and experience in substantive matters pertaining to our business relative to other board members; conflicts of interest; and practical and mature business judgment. Other than the foregoing, there are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees, although our nominating and corporate governance committee may also consider such other factors as it may deem, from time to time, are in our and our stockholders best interests. Our board of directors evaluates each individual in the context of the board of directors as a whole, with the objective of assembling a group that can best maximize the success of the business and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment using its diversity of experience in these various areas. Although the nominating and corporate governance committee may consider whether nominees assist in achieving a mix of board members that represents a diversity of background and experience, we have no formal policy regarding board diversity. 16 Table of Contents Class A Director Article VI, Section E of our amended and restated articles of incorporation provides until the final conversion of our Class B common stock, the holders of our Class A common stock, voting as a single class, will have the right to elect one director if the total number of directors is eight or fewer or two directors if the total number of directors is nine or greater, with our board of directors determining the initial class into which each such director will be elected. Any seat filled by any director contemplated by this provision of the amended and restated articles of incorporation is referred to as a Class A Director Seat. Ms. Cunningham currently serves in the Class A Director Seat. Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the Board of Directors Stockholders may submit recommendations for director candidates to the nominating and corporate governance committee by sending the individual's name and qualifications to our Chief Legal Officer c/o The Trade Desk, Inc., 42 N. Chestnut St., Ventura, CA 93001, who will forward all recommendations to the nominating and corporate governance committee. The nominating and corporate governance committee will evaluate any candidates recommended by stockholders against the same criteria and pursuant to the same policies and procedures applicable to the evaluation of candidates proposed by directors or management. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial reporting. The code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at http://investors.thetradedesk.com. Any amendments to the code of business conduct and ethics, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website. The reference to our web address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at, or available through, our website. Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors Stockholders and other parties interested in communicating directly with the board of directors may do so by writing to: Board of Directors, c/o The Trade Desk, Inc., 42 N. Chestnut St., Ventura, CA 93001. Concerns relating to accounting, internal controls or auditing matters are immediately brought to the attention of our audit committee and handled in accordance with applicable procedures established by the audit committee. Independence of the Board of Directors Our board of directors currently consists of five members. Our board of directors has determined that all of our directors, other than Mr. Green, our chief executive officer, and Ms. Jacobson, our chief strategy officer, qualify as independent directors in accordance with the Nasdaq listing requirements. In addition, as required by Nasdaq rules, our board of directors has made a subjective determination as to each independent director that no relationships exist, which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making these determinations, our board of directors reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management including, for Mr. Tawakol, that he currently serves as the chief executive officer of Rembrand, Inc, a third-party supplier in which we have less than a 1% ownership interest and to whom we paid less than $120,000 in 2025. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. Director Stock Ownership Our board of directors believes that all directors should maintain a meaningful personal financial stake in the Company to align their long-term interests with those of our stockholders. We maintain stock ownership guidelines that apply to our executive officers and non-employee directors. Under these guidelines, non-employee directors are to attain and maintain a minimum share ownership level equal to at least three times the value of their annual cash retainer, (i.e., $150,000 for 2025) within five years of becoming a director. At December 31, 2025, all of the covered individuals are either in compliance with our stock ownership guidelines or have a period of time remaining to meet the required ownership level. Director Attendance at Annual Meetings of Stockholders Directors are encouraged, but not required, to attend our annual meetings of stockholders. Four of our seven directors then serving on the board of directors attended the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Whistleblower Procedures 17 Table of Contents In accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have established procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and for the confidential, anonymous submission of concerns regarding accounting or auditing matters. If an individual has a concern regarding questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, or the reporting of fraudulent financial information, such individual may report his or her concern by sending a letter (which may be anonymous at the discretion of the reporting person), to us at our principal executive offices to the attention of the chief legal officer and to the chair of the audit committee. Individual employees may also report their concerns by telephone or online (which may be anonymous at the discretion of the reporting person) by using our ethics reporting system accessible through our website. Such complaints received by telephone or via online reporting system, are promptly sent to the chief legal officer and to the chair of the audit committee. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification Matters Our amended and restated articles of incorporation contains provisions that limit the liability of our directors and officers for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. Consequently, our directors and officers will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors or officers, except liability for: any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law; unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or as otherwise provided in NRS 78.288 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that we are obligated to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under Nevada law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our board of directors. With specified exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We also maintain directors and officers liability insurance. The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. Further, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage. 18 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and management as of April 9, 2026: Name Age Position(s) Jeff T. Green 49 President and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman Tahnil Davis 55 Interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer Jay R. Grant 59 Chief Legal Officer Samantha Jacobson 41 Chief Strategy Officer, Director Vivek Kundra 51 Chief Operating Officer Jeff T. Green . See Proposal One: Information Concerning Director Nominees for Mr. Green s biographical information. Tahnil Davis has served as our interim chief financial officer since January 2026 and as our executive vice president, chief accounting officer since April 2023. Prior to her current role, Ms. Davis served as our senior vice president, chief accounting officer from January 2021 to April 2023, as senior vice president, finance from September 2017 to January 2021 and as vice president, finance, from April 2015 to September 2017. Ms. Davis previously worked in finance and controller positions at various companies in the technology industry, after starting her career as an auditor at Arthur Andersen LLP. Ms. Davis received a B.S. in Accounting from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona. Jay R. Grant has served as our chief legal officer and secretary since October 2020. Prior to joining The Trade Desk, Mr. Grant developed extensive experience with media and digital enterprises at Univision Communications Inc. ( UCI ), a company with more than two dozen broadcasting networks, cable networks, digital and mobile properties and more than 120 television and radio stations. Most recently, from February 2019 to October 2020, Mr. Grant served as executive vice president and general counsel of UCI s Digital and News divisions, and, from May 2016 to January 2019, he served as executive vice president and general counsel of UCI s Fusion Media Group. Mr. Grant started his career in private practice at the law firm Manatt, Phelps Phillips. He received a B.A. in Government from Harvard University, an M.B.A. from New York University Stern School of Business and a J.D. from the University of California, Berkeley, School of Law. Samantha Jacobson . See Proposal One: Information Concerning Current Directors and Directors Continuing in Office for Ms. Jacobson s biographical information. Vivek Kundra has served as our chief operating officer since March 2025. Prior to joining The Trade Desk, Mr. Kundra served as the president and chief operating officer at project44, a supply-chain management company, from February 2022 to March 2025. From May 2018 to February 2022, Mr. Kundra served as the chief operating officer of Sprinklr, Inc., a customer experience management platform. Previously, Mr. Kundra was an executive vice president at Salesforce, Inc., a cloud-based software company, from January 2012 to January 2017. Mr. Kundra was appointed as the first U.S. Chief Information Officer by President Barack Obama, serving from February 2009 to August 2011. He holds a B.S. in Psychology from the University of Maryland and an M.S. in Management Information Systems from the University of Maryland, and is a graduate of the University of Virginia s Sorensen Institute of Political Leadership. 19 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the compensation program for our Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ). During 2025, these individuals were: Jeff T. Green, our Chief Executive Officer (our CEO ); Alex Kayyal, our former Chief Financial Officer (our former CFO ); Jay R. Grant, our Chief Legal Officer (our CLO ); Samantha Jacobson, our Chief Strategy Officer (our CSO ); Vivek Kundra, our Chief Operating Officer (our COO ); Laura Schenkein, our former CFO preceding Mr. Kayyal. Ms. Schenkein ceased providing services as our CFO effective as of August 21, 2025, and Mr. Kayyal, a member of our board, commenced services as our new CFO thereafter. Mr. Kayyal ceased providing services as our CFO effective as of January 24, 2026. Mr. Kundra commenced services as our COO effective March 31, 2025. This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of our executive compensation program during 2025. It also provides an overview of our executive compensation philosophy and objectives. Finally, it analyzes how and why our compensation committee of our board of directors arrived at the specific compensation decisions for our executive officers, including our NEOs, for 2025, including the key factors that the compensation committee considered in determining their compensation. Executive Summary Who We Are We are a global leader in advertising technology. We empower ad buyers to create, manage and optimize digital advertising campaigns across ad formats, channels and devices. Our platform s depth, artificial intelligence ( AI ) capabilities and rich ecosystem of inventory, publisher and data partner integrations enable superior reach and decisioning for clients. In addition to the primary capabilities provided by our self-service platform, our enterprise application programming interfaces ( APIs ) equip our clients with the ability to customize and expand platform functionality. 2025 Business Highlights During 2025, we continued to demonstrate our success in the marketplace as an independent platform buying media at scale, objectively, across digital channels and devices. We recorded advances in our business, particularly in CTV and audio, that contributed to revenue growth and adjusted earnings before depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, interest income, net, and the provision for income taxes ( Adjusted EBITDA ). Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). For an explanation of management's use of this measure and a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA, see Appendix A to this Proxy Statement. Our key business highlights for 2025 were as follows: Revenue : Our total revenue grew to $2.90 billion, up 18% compared with revenue of $2.44 billion in 2024. Net Income : Our net income grew to $443 million, up 13% compared with net income of $393 million in 2024. Adjusted EBITDA: Our Adjusted EBITDA grew to $1.20 billion, up 18% compared with Adjusted EBITDA of $1.01 billion in 2024. Strong Customer Retention : We ended 2025 with strong customer retention, which remained over 95% during 2025 , as it has for over a decade. 2025 Executive Compensation Highlights Based on our overall operating environment and these results, the compensation committee took the following key actions with respect to the compensation of our NEOs for and in connection with 2025: Base Salary : Approved annual base salary increases for our CEO from $1,200,000 to $1,350,000. Our other NEOs had consistent base salaries to 2024. 20 Table of Contents Cash Incentive Awards : Approved annual cash incentive and supplemental cash incentive awards totaling $2,804,775 for our CEO, $623,283 for each of Mr. Grant and Mses. Jacobson and Schenkein, $500,011 for Mr. Kundra and $258,995 for Mr. Kayyal. Long-Term Incentive Compensation : Granted long-term incentive compensation opportunities in the form of time-based restricted stock awards covering our Class A common stock and options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock, with an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately $23 million to Mr. Green and approximately $8 million to each of Mr. Grant, Ms. Jacobson, Mr. Kundra and Ms. Schenkein and approximately $11 million to Mr. Kayyal. Executive Compensation Policies and Practices We endeavor to maintain sound governance standards consistent with our executive compensation policies and practices. The compensation committee evaluates our executive compensation program on a regular basis to ensure that it is consistent with our short-term and long-term goals given the dynamic nature of our business and the market in which we compete for executive talent. The following summarizes our executive compensation and related policies and practices: WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DON T DO Maintain an Independent Compensation Committee. The compensation committee consists solely of independent directors. No Executive Retirement Plans. We do not offer pension arrangements or retirement plans or arrangements to our executive officers that are different from or in addition to those offered to our other employees. Retain an Independent Compensation Advisor. The compensation committee engaged its own compensation advisor to provide information and analysis for its 2025 compensation review, and other advice on executive compensation independent of management. Other than the services performed for the compensation committee, this advisor performed no other consulting or other services for us in 2025. Limited Perquisites and Special Health or Welfare Benefits. We provide limited perquisites and health, welfare or other personal benefits to our executive officers, who generally participate in our broad-based Company-sponsored health and welfare benefits programs on the same basis as our other full-time, salaried employees. Annual Executive Compensation Review . The compensation committee conducts an annual review and approval of our compensation strategy, including a review and determination of our compensation peer group used for comparative purposes and a review of our compensation-related risk profile to ensure that our compensation program does not encourage excessive or inappropriate risk-taking and that the level of risk that it does encourage is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. No Stock Option Re-pricing. Our employee stock plan does not permit stock options or stock appreciation rights to be repriced to a lower exercise or strike price without the approval of our stockholders. Compensation At-Risk . Our executive compensation program is designed so that a significant portion of compensation is at risk based on our performance, as well as equity based, to align the interests of our executive officers and stockholders. No Post-Employment Tax Payment Reimbursement. We do not provide any tax reimbursement payments (including gross-ups ) on any severance or change in control payments or benefits. Use a Pay-for-Performance Philosophy. The majority of our executive officers' compensation is linked to corporate performance; we also structure their target total direct compensation opportunities with a significant long-term equity component, thereby making a substantial portion of each executive officer s target total direct compensation dependent upon our stock price performance. No Hedging or Pledging of Our Equity Securities. We prohibit our executive officers, the members of our board of directors and other employees from hedging or pledging our equity securities. Stock Ownership Guidelines. We maintain stock ownership guidelines that apply to our executive officers and non-employee members of our board of directors. Succession Planning. We review the risks associated with our key executive officer positions to ensure adequate succession plans are in place. Clawback Policy. Our board of directors adopted an SEC- and Nasdaq-compliant compensation recovery policy that allows us to recover erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation paid to an executive officer in connection with certain restatements of our financial statements. 21 Table of Contents Say-on-Pay Vote on Executive Compensation In setting the form and amount of compensation for our NEOs, the compensation committee also considered the voting results from our most recent non-binding, advisory stockholder vote on the compensation of our NEOs (a Say-on-Pay vote ) as well as feedback received from stockholders throughout the year. A majority of our stockholders voted to support our 2024 executive compensation program at our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and did not lead us to make any fundamental changes to our executive compensation program. Starting at this Annual Meeting, our board of directors will submit a non-binding, advisory vote on the compensation of our NEOs to our stockholders each year to foster the Company s ethos of transparency and accountability. As such, we will conduct our next Say-on-Pay vote on the compensation of our NEOs at the Annual Meeting in connection with Proposal Two. The compensation committee will continue to consider stockholder feedback and the results of Say-on-Pay votes when making compensation decisions for our NEOs in the future. Executive Compensation Philosophy Our executive compensation program is guided by our overarching philosophy of paying for demonstrable performance. Consistent with this philosophy, we have designed our executive compensation program to achieve the following primary objectives: establish compensation opportunities that are competitive, reward performance and maintain internal equity; attract, motivate and retain highly talented executive officers; and align the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stockholders to drive the creation of sustainable long-term value. Executive Compensation Program Design Our current practice is to combine a mixture of compensation elements that balance achievement of our short-term goals with the creation of sustainable long-term stockholder value. We provide short-term annual cash incentive award opportunities which focus on our yearly operating results, and we provide long-term incentive compensation opportunities in the form of equity awards. We do not have a specific policy on the percentage allocation between short-term and long-term incentive compensation elements. Chief Executive Officer Compensation Philosophy At The Trade Desk, our executive compensation philosophy is anchored in long-term stockholder value creation. In 2021, the Company awarded a ten-year stock-based performance grant to our CEO, Jeff Green. This award vests only upon achievement of certain share price targets with the first two tranches having vested and the next tranche vesting at $145 and the highest tranche vesting at $340. The compensation committee, in conjunction with outside advisors, annually evaluates the effectiveness of the CEO compensation program including evaluating whether to recommend an annual equity grant. We believe the Performance Option continues to be effective in incentivizing our CEO to drive innovation and strive for strong growth over the remainder of the ten-year term. We also recognize the importance of maintaining a baseline annual compensation level sufficient to provide consistent motivation as market conditions vary from year to year. In 2023 and 2025, the compensation committee granted an annual equity award to our CEO. There were no such grants in 2022 or 2024. The compensation committee recommended and the board of directors approved an annual grant for Mr. Green in 2026 and the compensation committee may make a similar recommendation in subsequent years to ensure consistent alignment between CEO incentives and stockholder outcomes. We recognize that our program differs from the one size fits all approach often promoted by major proxy advisory firms. In our view, these frameworks fail to account for the specific context and long-term vision of founder-led companies like The Trade Desk. This long-term philosophy is not exclusive to our executive team. Across the Company, we prioritize stock-based compensation that vests over several years. This encourages employees to think and act like owners, because they are. Executive Compensation Governance 22 Table of Contents Role of the Compensation Committee The compensation committee reviews and sets the compensation of our executive officers, including our NEOs, and reviews and makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding the compensation of our non-employee directors. The compensation committee also reviews and approves or makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding our incentive compensation and equity-based plans and arrangements, including overseeing and evaluating the compensation plans, policies and practices applicable to our CEO and our other executive officers. The compensation committee retains a compensation consultant (described below) to provide support in its review and assessment of our executive compensation program. Compensation-Setting Process The compensation committee reviews the compensation arrangements and determines the target total direct compensation opportunity for our executive officers, including our NEOs. A short-term annual cash incentive award plan for the upcoming fiscal year is adopted prior to the beginning of each year or in the first quarter of the applicable fiscal year. Equity awards are typically granted annually. In 2025, equity awards were granted to our executive officers, including our continuing NEOs in April. Base salary adjustments, if any, are generally effective at the beginning of January of each year. The compensation committee does not use a single method or measure in arriving at its compensation decisions. When making its determinations with respect to the amount of each compensation element and approving each compensation element and the target total direct compensation opportunity for our executive officers, the compensation committee considers the following factors: our performance against the financial and operational objectives established by the compensation committee and our board of directors; each individual executive officer s skills, experience and qualifications relative to other similarly-situated executives at the companies in our compensation peer group and in selected broad-based compensation surveys; the scope of each executive officer s role compared to other similarly-situated executives at the companies in our compensation peer group and in selected broad-based compensation surveys; the performance of each individual executive officer, based on a subjective assessment of his or her contributions to our overall performance, ability to lead his or her business unit or function and work as part of a team, all of which reflect our core values; annual compensation parity among our executive officers; our financial performance relative to our peers; the compensation practices of our compensation peer group and the positioning of each executive officer s compensation relative to peer company compensation levels and the compensation levels in selected broad-based compensation surveys; and the recommendations of our CEO with respect to the compensation of our other executive officers. These factors provide the framework for compensation decision-making and final decisions regarding the compensation opportunity for each executive officer. No single factor is determinative in setting pay levels, nor is the impact of any factor on the determination of pay levels quantifiable. Role of Chief Executive Officer In discharging its responsibilities, the compensation committee works with members of our management, including our CEO. Our management assists the compensation committee by providing information on corporate and individual performance, market compensation data and management's perspective on compensation matters. The compensation committee solicits and reviews our CEO s recommendations and proposals with respect to adjustments to annual cash compensation opportunities, long-term incentive compensation opportunities, program structures and other compensation-related matters for each of our executive officers (other than with respect to his own compensation). The compensation committee reviews and discusses these recommendations and proposals with our CEO and considers them as one factor in determining the compensation for our executive officers, including our other NEOs. Our CEO recuses himself from, and is not present during, discussions and decisions regarding his own compensation. Role of Compensation Consultant 23 Table of Contents The compensation committee engages an external compensation consultant to assist it by providing information, analysis and other advice relating to our executive compensation program and the decisions resulting from its annual executive compensation review. For 2025, the compensation committee engaged Compensia, Inc., a national compensation consulting firm ( Compensia ), as its compensation consultant to advise on executive compensation matters, including competitive market pay practices for senior executives and with the data analysis and selection of the compensation peer group. For 2025, the scope of Compensia s engagement included, among other things: a review of our compensation philosophy and practices; the research, development, review, and updating of our compensation peer group; the review and analysis of the compensation for our executive officers, including our CEO and our other NEOs; the review of our incentive compensation plan design; the review and analysis of the compensation for our non-employee directors; and support on other ad hoc matters throughout the year. The terms of Compensia s engagement include reporting directly to the compensation committee and to the compensation committee chair. Compensia also coordinates with our management for data collection and job matching for our executive officers. The compensation committee has evaluated Compensia s independence pursuant to the listing standards of the Nasdaq and the relevant SEC rules and has determined that no conflict of interest has arisen as a result of the work performed by Compensia. In addition, the compensation committee evaluates the independence of its other outside advisors to the compensation committee, including outside legal counsel, considering the same independence factors to ensure that their work for the compensation committee does not raise any conflicts of interest. Competitive Positioning For purposes of comparing our executive compensation against the competitive market, the compensation committee reviews and considers the compensation levels and practices of a group of peer companies. This compensation peer group consists of advertising technology, software as a service and other technology companies that are similar to us in terms of revenue, profitability, growth and market capitalization. In 2025 , with the assistance of Compensia, the compensation committee reviewed and updated our compensation peer group to reflect our market capitalization and revenue size, and account for acquisitions of peer companies. The companies in this compensation peer group were selected on the basis of their similarity to us, based on the following criteria: publicly traded companies; similar industry and competitive market for talent (advertising, software, data and Internet software and services); similar annual revenue size with a median of approximately $3 billion; similar market capitalization with a median of approximately $50 billion; product and business model similarity; high growth (generally greater than 15% growth over the last four fiscal quarters); and high market capitalization to revenue multiple and high market capitalization to EBITDA multiple. 24 Table of Contents As a result, in January 2025, the compensation committee approved a revised compensation peer group for 2025 consisting of the following companies: Atlassian Palo Alto Networks Cadence Design Systems Pinterest Cloudflare Salesforce Datadog Samsara DocuSign ServiceNow Fair Isaac Shopify Fortinet Snap HubSpot Snowflake MongoDB Workday Okta Zoom Communications Palantir Technologies Zscaler The compensation committee uses data drawn from our compensation peer group to evaluate the competitive market when determining the total direct compensation packages for our executive officers, including base salary, target short-term annual cash incentive award opportunities and long-term incentive compensation. Individual Compensation Elements In 2025, the principal elements of our executive compensation program, and the purposes for each element, were as follows: Element Compensation Element Objective Base Salary Cash Designed to attract and retain highly talented executives by providing fixed compensation amounts that are competitive in the market and reward performance Short-Term Cash Incentive Awards Cash Designed to motivate our executives to achieve annual business objectives and provide financial incentives when we meet or exceed these annual objectives. In addition, we may from time to time design supplemental incentive plans to incentivize the achievement of specified business objectives in a shorter time frame than one year, including, without limitation, the fourth quarter incentive plan implemented in 2025 as discussed below. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Equity awards in the form of restricted stock awards covering shares of our Class A common stock and options to purchase shares of Class A common stock Designed to align the interests of our executives and our stockholders by motivating our executives to create sustainable long-term stockholder value Base Salary Base salary represents the fixed portion of the compensation of our executive officers, including our NEOs, and is an important element of compensation intended to attract and retain highly talented individuals. Using the competitive market data provided by Compensia, the compensation committee reviews and determines appropriate adjustments to the base salaries for each of our executive officers, including our NEOs, as part of its annual 25 Table of Contents executive compensation review. Generally, the compensation committee sets the base salaries of our executive officers with reference to the competitive range of the market median of our compensation peer group and relevant executive compensation survey data, and considers the factors described in Executive Compensation Governance Compensation-Setting Process above. In January 2025, the compensation committee approved the 2025 annual base salaries for our executive officers, including our NEOs, as follows: $1,350,000 for Mr. Green and $600,000 for Mr. Grant and each of Mses. Schenkein and Jacobson. In addition, the compensation committee approved 2025 annual base salaries for Mr. Kayyal and Mr. Kundra of $600,000 at the time of their appointments. In making these decisions, the compensation committee considered the factors described in Executive Compensation Governance Compensation-Setting Process above and reviewed data drawn from the compensation peer group as approved in January 2025 and relevant executive compensation survey data. The 2025 annual base salaries for our NEOs were generally consistent with 2024 annual base salaries for NEOs, apart from Mr. Green, and were set as follows: Name and Principal Position 2024 Annual Base Salary ($) 2025 Annual Base Salary ($) Jeff T. Green 1,200,000 1,350,000 Chief Executive Officer Alex Kayyal 600,000 Former Chief Financial Officer Jay R. Grant 600,000 600,000 Chief Legal Officer Samantha Jacobson 600,000 600,000 Chief Strategy Officer Vivek Kundra 600,000 Chief Operating Officer Laura Schenkein 600,000 600,000 Former Chief Financial Officer The annual base salaries paid to our NEOs for 2025 are set forth in Information Regarding Compensation of Executive Officers and Non-Employee Directors 2025 Summary Compensation Table. Short-Term Cash Incentive Awards We use a short-term annual cash incentive award plan to motivate our executive officers, including our NEOs, to achieve our key annual business objectives. In January 2025, the compensation committee adopted a short-term annual cash incentive plan for 2025 (the 2025 Cash Incentive Plan ) to provide financial incentives for us to meet or exceed the revenue targets established under our 2025 annual operating plan. The short-term annual cash incentive award payments are paid to our NEOs in quarterly installments no later than 60 days following the end of the applicable calendar quarter assuming the underlying performance measure is achieved for that quarter. Such quarterly installments are subject to a quarterly cap of 40% of the annual target with any cumulative overperformance paid out in the fourth quarter payment and the NEO s continued employment through the end of the applicable calendar quarter. In addition, in October 2025, the compensation committee approved a 2025 Supplemental Executive Bonus Plan ( Supplemental Incentive Plan ) to incentivize strong performance in the fourth quarter of 2025. Based on projections made at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2025, the compensation committee determined it was necessary to provide additional incentive for engagement and achievement during the fourth quarter of 2025. Finally, in addition to the 2025 Cash Incentive Plan and Supplemental Incentive Plan, in connection with the commencement of employment for each of Messrs. Kayyal and Kundra, we paid to them a $600,000 signing bonus. Target Annual Cash Incentive Award Opportunities The target short-term annual cash incentive award opportunities for our executive officers, including our NEOs, were recommended to the compensation committee by our CEO (except with respect to his own target short-term annual cash incentive award opportunity), and approved by the compensation committee. The determination of target short-term annual 26 Table of Contents cash incentive award opportunities was based on the factors described in Executive Compensation Governance Compensation-Setting Process above and a review of data drawn from the compensation peer group as approved in January 2025 and relevant executive compensation survey data. In January 2025, the compensation committee approved the target short-term annual cash incentive award opportunities for 2025 for our executive officers, including our NEOs, other than for Messrs. Kundra and Kayyal, whose award opportunities were approved in March 2025 and August 2025, respectively, and Mr. Green whose target was approved by the board of directors. As a percentage of base salary, the target short-term annual cash incentive award opportunities were as follows: 200% for Mr. Green and 100% for Messrs. Grant, Kundra and Kayyal and Mses. Schenkein and Jacobson. Mr. Kundra s and Mr. Kayyal s short-term annual cash incentive awards were pro-rated based on their employment commencement dates of March 31, 2025, and August 21, 2025, respectively. Annual Cash Incentive Plan Performance Measure For purposes of the 2025 Cash Incentive Plan, the compensation committee, upon the recommendation of our CEO, selected revenue as the corporate performance measure for determining the annual cash incentive awards for our executive officers, including our NEOs, for the year. The compensation committee selected this performance measure based on its belief that revenue was the financial metric that was most important to our stockholders in 2025. Annual Cash Incentive Plan Formula For purposes of the 2025 Cash Incentive Plan, target short-term annual cash incentive award payments were determined based on a bonus factor applied against our actual revenue generated for the year. The bonus factor for our CEO was set at 0.02004% of revenue if our revenue for the year was at least $2,695 million. The bonus factor increased with each incremental $15 million in revenue between $2,695 million and $2,995 million; further increase occurred with each incremental $8 million in revenue between $2,995 million and $3,059 million, at which point the bonus factor was set at 0.22066% of our total revenue. Our target performance level for 2025 was $2,935 million of revenue, producing a bonus factor of 0.09199%, which would result in a target short-term annual cash incentive award payment of approximately $2,700,000 for our CEO (i.e., 200% of annual base salary for Mr. Green). The bonus factor for each of our other NEOs was set at 0.00445% of revenue if our revenue for the year was at least $2,695 million. The bonus factor increased with each incremental $15 million in revenue between $2,695 million and $2,995 million; further increase occurred with each incremental $8 million in revenue between $2,995 million and $3,059 million, at which point the bonus factor was set at 0.04904% of our total revenue. Our target performance level for 2025 was $2,935 million of revenue, producing a bonus factor of 0.02044%, which would result in a target short-term annual cash incentive award payment of approximately $600,000 for each NEO (i.e., 100% of annual base salary for each of Messrs. Grant, Kundra and Kayyal and each of Mses. Schenkein and Jacobson, with Mr. Kundra s and Mr. Kayyal s targets pro-rated from their employment commencement dates). In addition to the above formula, under the Supplemental Incentive Plan, for every additional $1 million in revenue above $830 million during the fourth quarter of 2025, each executive s bonus would be increased by an additional 1%, which was intended to provide our NEOs with a strong and meaningful incentive to close the revenue gap between our projections and our financial goals provided under the 2025 Cash Incentive Plan. The supplemental bonus was capped such that it remained in effect only until full-year revenue reached $2,935 million; no additional supplemental bonus was payable beyond that threshold. Annual Cash Incentive Award Payments Based on $2,896 million of annual revenue and an averaged bonus factor of 0.08119% and 0.01804% for Mr. Green and the other NEOs, respectively, the aggregate actual payments earned under the 2025 Cash Incentive Plan, as paid on a quarterly basis, were $2,351,404 for Mr. Green and $522,534 for each of Mr. Grant and Mses. Jacobson and Schenkein. Mr. Kundra and Mr. Kayyal earned pro-rated 2025 Cash Incentive Plan award payments of $419,188 and $217,130, respectively. The 2025 Cash Incentive Plan award payments made to our NEOs for 2025 are included in Information Regarding Compensation of Executive Officers and Non-Employee Directors 2025 Summary Compensation Table. Supplemental Incentive Plan Award Payments Based on $847 million of Q4 2025 revenue, the target revenue amount of $830 million was surpassed by approximately $17 million resulting in incremental Supplemental Incentive Plan award payments earned at approximately 16.79% of our 27 Table of Contents CEO s and our other NEO s respective target annual 2025 Cash Incentive Plan awards payments. As a result, incremental Supplemental Incentive Plan award payments were earned in Q4 2025 in the amounts of $453,371 for Mr. Green and $100,749 for each of Mr. Grant and Mses. Jacobson and Schenkein. Mr. Kundra and Mr. Kayyal earned pro-rated Supplemental Incentive Plan award payments of $80,823 and $41,865, respectively. The Supplemental Incentive Plan award payments made to our NEOs for 2025 are included in Information Regarding Compensation of Executive Officers and Non-Employee Directors 2025 Summary Compensation Table. Long-Term Incentive Compensation We view long-term incentive compensation in the form of equity awards as a critical element of our executive compensation program. The realized value of these equity awards bears a direct relationship to our stock price, and, therefore, these awards are an incentive for our executive officers, including our NEOs, to create value for our stockholders. Equity awards also help us retain qualified executive officers in a competitive market. Long-term incentive compensation opportunities in the form of equity awards are granted by the compensation committee, subject to approval by the board of directors for grants to Mr. Green. The amount and forms of such equity awards are determined by the compensation committee after considering the factors described in Executive Compensation Governance Compensation-Setting Process above and reviewing data drawn from the compensation peer group, as approved in January 2025 . Equity awards are granted to align management interests with that of our stockholders, as management is only rewarded when there is an increase in stockholder value. Multi-year vesting is used for such equity awards for retention purposes and to foster long-term alignment with stockholder interests. The amounts of the equity awards are also intended to provide competitively-sized awards and resulting target total direct compensation opportunities at the 75th percentile relative to the competitive market for similar roles and positions for our executive officers as a group, taking into consideration business results, internal equity, experience and individual performance. 2025 Equity Awards In April 2025, the compensation committee determined that the equity awards to be granted to our executive officers, including our NEOs, should be in the form of time-based restricted stock awards for shares of our Class A common stock ( RSAs ) and options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock ( Stock Options ). In April 2025, the compensation committee approved a target equity amount of $10.5 million for each of Mses. Jacobson and Schenkein and Mr. Grant split evenly between RSAs and Stock Options, and the board of directors approved a target equity amount, as recommended by the compensation committee, of $30 million for Mr. Green, split evenly between RSAs and Stock Options. The quantity of equity awards granted was based on the average closing stock price for a share of our Class A common stock for 45 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the grant dates. Based on this methodology, in April 2025, Mses. Jacobson and Schenkein and Mr. Grant were each granted 82,378 of RSAs and options to purchase 157,515 shares of our Class A common stock, with an aggregate fair value of $8,113,076, and Mr. Green was granted 235,367 of RSAs and 450,045 options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock, with an aggregate fair value of $23,180,335. The RSAs granted to Messrs. Green and Grant and Mses. Jacobson and Schenkein vest in equal quarterly installments over a four-year period, with 1/16th of the shares subject thereto vesting on August 15, 2025, and 1/16th of the shares subject thereto vesting on each quarterly anniversary thereafter, contingent upon the NEO remaining continuously employed by us through each applicable vesting date. The stock options granted to Messrs. Green and Grant and Mses. Jacobson and Schenkein vest and become exercisable over a four-year period, with 1/48th of the shares subject thereto vesting on each monthly anniversary of the applicable vesting commencement date, contingent upon the NEO remaining continuously employed by us through each applicable vesting date. The stock options granted to our NEOs are intended to qualify as incentive stock options to the maximum extent permitted under the applicable tax regulations. The compensation committee granted equity awards to o