=== TTD_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail and in other filings we make from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are inherently subject to change and involve risks and uncertainties. Unless required by federal securities laws, we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated, to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the statements are made. Given these uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Investors should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this report and have filed with the SEC completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we fail to maintain and grow our client base and spend through our platform and related offerings, our revenue and business may be negatively impacted. The loss o f advertising agencies, advertisers or holding companies as clients could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any decrease in the use of the advertising channels that we are primarily dependent upon, failure to expand the use of emerging channels, or unexpected shift in use among the channels in which we operate, could harm our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions beyond our control could harm the overall demand for advertising and the economic health of agencies and advertisers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our access to quality advertising inventory is diminished or fails to expand, our revenue could decline and our growth could be impeded. The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully with our current or future competitors. The market for programmatic buying for advertising campaigns is relatively new and evolving. If this market develops slower or differently than we expect, our business, growth prospects and financial condition could be adversely affected. If we fail to innovate or make the right investment decisions in our platform and related offerings, we may fail to attract and retain advertisers and advertising agencies and our revenue and results of operations may decline. 3 Table o f Contents If unauthorized access is obtained to user, client or inventory and third-party provider data, or our platform or related offerings are compromised, our services may be disrupted or perceived as insecure, and as a result, we may lose existing clients or fail to attract new clients, and we may incur significant reputational harm and legal and financial liabilities. Privacy and data protection laws to which we and our clients, inventory partners, and third-party data providers are subject may cause us to incur additional or unexpected costs, subject us to litigation, investigations or enforcement actions for alleged compliance failures, result in less demand for our offerings, or cause us to change our platform, related offerings or business model, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. Third parties control our access to unique identifiers, and if the use of third-party cookies or other technology to uniquely identify devices or users is rejected by Internet users, restricted or otherwise subject to unfavorable regulation, blocked or limited by preference signals, technical changes on end users devices and web browsers, or our clients ability to use data, including on our platform or related offerings is otherwise restricted, our performance may decline, and we may lose advertisers and revenue. We may experience fluctuations in our results of operations, which could make our future results of operations difficult to predict or cause our results of operations to fall below analysts and investors expectations. Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees, including Jeff T. Green, and our ability to attract, hire, retain and motivate highly skilled employees in the future. Operational performance and internal control issues may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and subject us to liability. We may experience outages, disruptions and malfunctions on our platform and related offerings if we fail to maintain adequate security and supporting infrastructure and processes, which may harm our reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to meet standards and provide services that our advertisers and inventory suppliers trust, could harm our brand and reputation and those of our partners and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Evolving industry standards regarding impression counts and related disputes and customer collections could impact our business and reputation. Advertising technology industry self-regulation may lead to investigation by government or self-regulatory bodies, government or private litigation, and operational costs or harm to reputation or brand. Seasonal fluctuations in advertising activity could have a negative impact on our revenue, cash flow and results of operations. We often have long sales cycles, which can result in significant time between initial contact with a prospect and execution of a client agreement, making it difficult to project when, if at all, we will obtain new clients and when we will generate revenue from those clients. We are subject to payment-related risks that may adversely affect our business, working capital, financial condition and results of operations, including from advertising agencies that do not pay us until they receive payment from their advertisers and from clients that dispute or do not pay their invoices. The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above your purchase price. Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. Insiders have substantial control over our company, including as a result of the dual class structure of our common stock, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key decisions, including a change of control. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements described above. 4 Table o f Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are a global leader in advertising technology. We empower ad buyers to create, manage and optimize digital advertising campaigns across ad formats, channels and devices. Our platform s depth, artificial intelligence ( AI ) capabilities and rich ecosystem of inventory, publisher and data partner integrations enable superior reach and decisioning for clients. In addition to the primary capabilities provided by our self-service platform, our enterprise application programming interfaces ( APIs ) equip our clients with the ability to customize and expand platform functionality. Our clients are advertising agencies, advertisers and other service providers for agencies or advertisers, with whom we enter into ongoing master services agreements ( MSAs ). We generate revenue by charging our clients a platform fee generally based on a percentage of our clients total platform spend and from providing value-added services and data to support their advertising campaigns. Our Industry Digital advertising is reported to represent the largest and fastest-growing segment of the global advertising industry, with estimated annual spend of over $700 billion and representing more than 70% of the total market spend. The digital advertising ecosystem is divided into buyers, sellers and marketplaces. We believe that participants on the buy side or sell side should be advocates for their buyers or sellers, while those in the marketplace business should act as a referee or have market-driven incentives to protect or enhance the integrity of the marketplace. We believe that the convergence of several trends in the advertising industry are driving the rise of programmatic advertising and will result in it becoming the predominant method for advertisers to reach consumers: Rapid Growth of CTV . We are witnessing a generational shift from linear television to connected television ( CTV ) as Internet and television programming converge. New technologies support seamless delivery of streaming video content, accelerating consumers demand to watch what they want, when they want and where they want. We believe that this increased demand for CTV will bring about new opportunities for content owners and advertisers to connect with consumers, including through ad-supported subscription models, and will further drive the shift towards data-driven advertising. Expansion of Global Advertising TAM and Programmatic Advertising. The total addressable market ( TAM ) for global advertising is reported to have surpassed $1 trillion for the first time in 2024. At the same time, advertisers are shifting more and more of their budgets to programmatic advertising as they more precisely target audiences through high-performance, decisioned advertising campaigns. AI Driven Personalization and Automation . AI is fundamentally changing the media landscape, from the creative process all the way to the execution of advertising campaigns. As AI capabilities improve and as adoption of these tools increase, more personalized content at scale will be delivered with more predictive targeting and improved campaign automation. AI-driven platforms are poised to benefit from this evolution as the industry moves toward greater automation. Prioritization of Data and Measurement in a Privacy-First World. In an increasingly digital, deeply interconnected and cross-platform media landscape, advertisers have begun to prioritize the use of high-quality, privacy-compliant data to drive intelligently decisioned campaigns and demand access to advanced measurement tools that demonstrate their technology partners performance and value. By integrating this data with measurement features, including real time feedback on customer reactions to ads, programmatic advertising increases the value of impressions for advertisers and inventory owners and serves more relevant ads to viewers. Fragmentation of an Increasingly Digital Audience. As changes in consumer behavior and advances in technology drive media to become increasingly digital, audience fragmentation is accelerating. A growing long tail of mobile applications, social media platforms, streaming services and websites presents a challenge for advertisers trying to reach a large audience. Additionally, the number of devices used by individual consumers has increased. Both of these fragmentation trends are opportunities for technology companies that can consolidate and simplify media buying options for advertisers and agencies. 5 Table o f Contents Advertisers Expect More From Their Technology Partners. As programmatic advertising proliferates and the industry and technology mature, advertisers have an increasingly broad field of technology partners to choose from. As these partners differentiate themselves not just purely on value, but also on their reporting and measurement capabilities, their successful implementation of AI tools that empower advertisers and their access to desirable inventory and retail media, we expect advertisers to become increasingly selective on who they partner with. Our Philosophy Our approach is grounded in the following principles: We Focus on the Buy Side with Independence and Objectivity. We focus on buyers because they control advertising budgets. The supply of digital advertising inventory continues to exceed demand, and accordingly, we believe it is a buyer s market. We also believe that by aligning our core offerings with buyers, we are able to avoid the conflicts of interest of our competitors who serve both the buy side and sell side. We provide and are developing offerings and features that work with publishers and supply-side partners to help ensure access to quality advertising inventory and to maximize decisioning capabilities for buyers of advertising. This objectivity allows us to build long-term, trusting relationships with our clients, many of whom leverage their proprietary, first-party data on our platform. We Are Data Driven. Our platform was founded on the principle that data-driven decisions will be the future of advertising. We built a data-management platform first, before building our ad-buying technology. We provide rich third-party datasets in our data marketplace to improve campaign performance, and we frequently help our clients drive campaign performance even further by ingesting their proprietary data directly, enabling greater decisioning and campaign optimization. Given our independent, buy-side focused approach and our strict protocols governing the ingestion of client first-party data, our clients trust us with their most granular and expressive data. Our technology platform enables effective use of such data, allowing our clients to run precisely targeted omnichannel advertising campaigns that help optimize campaigns and maximize return on advertising investments. Finally, the breadth and depth of data available on our data marketplace gives our clients a holistic view of their target audience, which enables more effective targeting across channels and the ability to engage in more precise attribution and closed-loop measurement. We Focus on AI Capabilities . Because the core of programmatic advertising is algorithmic software that automates ad buying, the development of new AI technologies is inherent to us. For nearly a decade, we have invested in augmenting the capabilities of our platform, including pioneering multiple innovations in this space. Recent technological advancements have driven even greater automation opportunities within new capabilities we are developing, such as Audience Unlimited, which will enable the radical simplification of the data buying process using the agentic co-pilot features available on our platform. We Invest in Lasting Client Relationships. We derive substantially all of our revenue from ongoing MSAs with our clients, rather than episodic insertion orders. We believe this approach strengthens our relationships with our clients and helps us grow their use of our platform over the long term, providing us with a highly scalable business model and a customer retention rate that has exceeded 95% for over a decade. We Offer Transparency and are Channel Agnostic . Our platform provides granular, real-time reporting on our clients advertising campaigns. Our clients directly access and execute campaigns on our platform and can control all facets of inventory purchasing decisions. By providing detailed reporting and actionable insights on our platform, we enable our clients to maximize value and target their budgets toward the most effective advertising inventory, data providers and channels. We Are an Open Platform with a Rich Ecosystem. Clients can customize and expand platform functionality by building their own features on top of our platform. For example, clients may use our APIs to design their own user interface, bulk manage advertising campaigns and link other systems, including ad servers or reporting tools. By using our APIs or by working with our engineering team, clients can invest their own resources to build their own proprietary tools for reporting, campaign strategy, custom algorithms, proprietary data use or other use cases. Our open platform approach enables third-party partners to integrate their technology into our platform, which in turn allows our advertising agency and service provider clients to provide differentiated offerings to their clients, which we believe leads to long-term relationships and increased use of our platform. 6 Table o f Contents We Provide Access to Premium Inventory on a Global Scale . We have forged relationships with many of the open internet s foremost providers of premium omnichannel inventory, allowing our clients to precisely target their ads across the globe and through a broad array of channels. Our Platform Our world-class, AI-enabled platform helps buyers of advertising plan, execute and measure highly expressive, data-driven campaigns across premium, omnichannel inventory. Our platform enables advertisers and agencies to: purchase digital media programmatically on various media exchanges and sell-side platforms, as well as directly from publishers; acquire and use third-party data to optimize and measure digital advertising campaigns; integrate and deploy their proprietary first-party data within our platform to optimize campaign efficacy; utilize our AI-powered actionable insights to monitor, manage, and optimize ongoing digital advertising campaigns on a real-time basis; monitor and manage ongoing digital advertising campaigns on a real-time basis; link digital campaigns to offline sales results or other business objectives; access other services such as our data management platform and publisher management platform marketplace; and use our user interface and APIs to customize and expand platform functionality. Our platform is powerful and user friendly: Easy to Use, Open and Customizable. Our platform offers powerful tools and interfaces that empower our users by simplifying and streamlining the ad buying experience. Our platform also enables clients to integrate custom features and interfaces for their own use through our APIs. Koa Your AI Co-Pilot. Koa is our platform s AI co-pilot. It processes and analyzes robust data sets to surface insights, optimizations and recommendations that help platform users make data-driven decisions without sacrificing control or transparency. Koa s artificial intelligence capabilities are used across various aspects of the platform, including predictive clearing, ad impression relevance scoring, measurement and forecasting, budget optimization and key performance indicator scoring. Expressiveness. Our platform utilizes bid-factor-based architecture, which allows users to set up campaigns based on specific business objectives and optimize them based on performance. Because of the granularity of bid factors, users of our platform can easily define and manage advertising campaigns with multiple targeting parameters that could result in quadrillions of permutations, which we refer to as expressiveness. We believe that expressiveness provides clients with the ability to target audiences with an extremely high level of precision and thus obtain higher returns on their advertising spend. Integrated, Omnichannel and Cross Device. Our platform provides integrated access to a wide range of omnichannel inventory and data sources, as well as third-party services such as ad servers, ad-verification services and survey vendors. Our platform s integration of these sources and services enables our clients to deploy their budgets through a wide variety of channels, device types and formats, targeted in their desired manner, all through a single platform. Some of the key features of our platform are: Auto Optimization. We provide auto-optimization features that allow buyers the option to largely automate their campaigns. In addition, by giving clients reporting, budgeting and bidding transparency, clients can make informed decisions on whether to lean on our auto-optimization capabilities, including, for example, those within Audience Unlimited, or more actively control a campaign. Advanced Reporting and Analytics Tools. We provide a comprehensive view of consumers interactions with the ads purchased through our platform with robust reporting of performance insights across multiple variables, such as audience characteristics, ad format, site category, website, device, creative type and geography. Better reporting results in better learning, enabling better campaign optimization and outcomes. 7 Table o f Contents Data Management and Measurement Tools. Our platform enables clients to optimize campaigns with numerous highly relevant data sets, including from an extensive selection of third-party vendors, in a seamless and easy manner. We also empower our clients with an extensive set of measurement capabilities, both through a number of proprietary benchmarking tools and indices, and through integrations with a broad selection of third-party measurement partners. Informed Media Planning. Our platform enables clients to use audience insights and strategic goals to help optimize campaign planning, with the ability to generate, analyze and launch data-driven, programmatic media plans. Our tools analyze the actions of existing core audiences with the data we see across the open Internet to deliver fully transparent, performance-focused and ready-to-activate campaigns. Private Marketplace Support. For clients who wish to transact directly with individual publishers, we offer a comprehensive user interface for discovering and transacting via a wide variety of private contracts. Additionally, we offer a solution for advertisers to access publisher inventory via a direct tag in a publisher s ad server where there is no other programmatic access to such publisher s inventory. Our Technology The core elements of our technology are: Scalable Architecture. Our platform infrastructure is hosted in data centers around the world. Our core bidding architecture is easily adaptable to a variety of inventory formats, allowing our platform to communicate with many different inventory sources. This results in highly optimized performance with minimized latency, given the millions of data points that are analyzed in real time. Predictive Models. We use campaign data captured by our platform to build predictive models around user characteristics, such as demographic, purchase intent or interest data. Data from our platform is continually fed back into these models, which enables them to improve over time as the use of our platform increases. Performance Optimization. During campaign execution, our optimization engine continually scores a variety of attributes of each impression, such as website, industry vertical or geography, for their likelihood to achieve campaign performance goals. Our bidding engine then shifts bids and budgets in real time to deliver optimal performance. Additionally, our platform enables clients to set multiple, simultaneous optimization goals for their advertising. Real-time Analytics. Our platform continuously collects data regarding inventory availability. Real-time campaign delivery and spend totals are used to manage campaign budgets and goal caps, as well as campaign reporting. This data is fed back into our optimization engine to improve campaign performance and into machine-learning models for user demographic predictive modeling. Our Growth Strategy The key elements of our long-term growth strategy include: Increase Our Share of Existing Clients Digital Advertising Spend. Many advertisers are moving a greater percentage of their advertising budgets to programmatic channels. We believe that this shift will provide us with the opportunity to capture a larger share of the overall advertising spend by our existing clients. Additionally, we plan to promote and further develop value-added services, data, and client incentive plans, helping us grow our business. Grow Our Client Base. We have extensive relationships with many advertising agencies, advertisers and other service providers, and we believe that, given the decentralized nature of the advertising industry, we have the opportunity to expand our relationships with new and existing clients. We expect to continue making investments to grow our sales and client service team to support this strategy, and we see particular opportunities to expand the aperture of clients we support across the mid-market. Continue to Innovate in Technology, Data and Measurement. While we believe that our release of Kokai, our most recent and major upgrade to our platform and its offerings, implemented significant enhancements, we intend to continue innovating and improving the technology underlying our platform and enhancing its features and functionalities, including the development of new or improved value-added services or the inclusion of additional data. We view data and measurement as key competitive 8 Table o f Contents advantages, and we will continue to invest resources in growing and enhancing our data and measurement offerings. For example, we are developing new methods of media buying our platform that increasingly leverage data and AI features, meant to make it easier for our clients to utilize data and AI to enhance the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns. Expand Our Omnichannel Capabilities. We believe offering clients capabilities across all media channels and devices enables advertisers to manage highly effective omnichannel campaigns, where data from each channel can inform decisions in other channels. We believe these capabilities will continue to further strengthen our relationships with our clients. We intend to continue investing in innovation across all channels, including the integration of new inventory sources within CTV and other video, display, audio and native, as well as new potential inventory sources that could arise with the advent of AI. Extend Our Reach in CTV. Television is the largest category of advertising spend, and we believe that the future of television is CTV, the streaming of media and video on demand through subscription and ad-supported streaming services. We plan to continue investing significant resources in technology, sales and support staff related to our CTV growth initiatives. Ensure Access to Quality Inventory. Our continued success depends on our ability to secure increasing amounts of attractive, high-quality inventory on reasonable terms for our clients. As part of such efforts, we have developed and plan to continue to enhance OpenPath, our offering intended to give clients access to quality inventory through a simplified, direct connection to publishers. We have also launched PubDesk, a dashboard specifically designed for publishers to help them better understand what our clients want by providing detailed information on how buyers view their inventory and what drives bid pricing. This data gives publishers valuable transparency into their programmatic traffic, which helps them surface higher quality inventory that our clients can confidently bid on. Enhancing Supply Chain Transparency and Efficiency. We have launched and will continue to develop OpenSincera, an open-source tool that provides visibility into the ad experience by providing detailed metadata on ad experiences across 400,000 publishers. OpenSincera provides advertisers with more clarity around the media supply chain to make informed, intentional decisions across large-scale digital campaigns and provides publishers with more insight into the inventory and ad experiences offered. We have also developed additional features and offerings to facilitate better transparency and integrity of ad auctions, such as our OpenAds solution, and to further help our clients evaluate the quality and cost of inventory. Further Enhance Identity Solutions, Including Unified ID 2.0. We continue to develop and enhance Unified ID 2.0, an open-source identity framework that operates by transforming email addresses or phone numbers into an advertising identifier (a UID2 ) that is designed to not directly identify the individual. Subject to appropriate guardrails, participants in Unified ID 2.0 can then use this UID2 in connection with our platform and other services, including ad buying and reporting. We have worked to cultivate industry-wide support and collaboration for the Unified ID 2.0 approach, and we intend to continue these efforts. EUID, a European-focused version of Unified ID 2.0, was released in a limited beta in 2023. Expand Our International Presence. Many of our clients serve advertisers on a global basis, and we have been expanding our presence in markets outside of the United States to serve the needs of those advertisers in additional geographies. We believe that the global opportunity for programmatic advertising is significant and will continue to expand as publishers and advertisers outside the United States seek to adopt the benefits that programmatic advertising provides. As we expand relationships with our existing clients, we are investing in select regions in Europe and Asia. In particular, we believe that the United Kingdom ( U.K. ), Germany, France, China, Japan, India and Australia may represent substantial growth opportu