=== TTD_2026-02-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail and in other filings we make from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are inherently subject to change and involve risks and uncertainties. Unless required by federal securities laws, we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated, to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the statements are made. Given these uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Investors should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this report and have filed with the SEC completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we fail to maintain and grow our client base and spend through our platform and related offerings, our revenue and business may be negatively impacted. The loss o f advertising agencies, advertisers or holding companies as clients could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any decrease in the use of the advertising channels that we are primarily dependent upon, failure to expand the use of emerging channels, or unexpected shift in use among the channels in which we operate, could harm our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions beyond our control could harm the overall demand for advertising and the economic health of agencies and advertisers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our access to quality advertising inventory is diminished or fails to expand, our revenue could decline and our growth could be impeded. The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully with our current or future competitors. The market for programmatic buying for advertising campaigns is relatively new and evolving. If this market develops slower or differently than we expect, our business, growth prospects and financial condition could be adversely affected. If we fail to innovate or make the right investment decisions in our platform and related offerings, we may fail to attract and retain advertisers and advertising agencies and our revenue and results of operations may decline. 3 Table o f Contents If unauthorized access is obtained to user, client or inventory and third-party provider data, or our platform or related offerings are compromised, our services may be disrupted or perceived as insecure, and as a result, we may lose existing clients or fail to attract new clients, and we may incur significant reputational harm and legal and financial liabilities. Privacy and data protection laws to which we and our clients, inventory partners, and third-party data providers are subject may cause us to incur additional or unexpected costs, subject us to litigation, investigations or enforcement actions for alleged compliance failures, result in less demand for our offerings, or cause us to change our platform, related offerings or business model, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. Third parties control our access to unique identifiers, and if the use of third-party cookies or other technology to uniquely identify devices or users is rejected by Internet users, restricted or otherwise subject to unfavorable regulation, blocked or limited by preference signals, technical changes on end users devices and web browsers, or our clients ability to use data, including on our platform or related offerings is otherwise restricted, our performance may decline, and we may lose advertisers and revenue. We may experience fluctuations in our results of operations, which could make our future results of operations difficult to predict or cause our results of operations to fall below analysts and investors expectations. Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees, including Jeff T. Green, and our ability to attract, hire, retain and motivate highly skilled employees in the future. Operational performance and internal control issues may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and subject us to liability. We may experience outages, disruptions and malfunctions on our platform and related offerings if we fail to maintain adequate security and supporting infrastructure and processes, which may harm our reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to meet standards and provide services that our advertisers and inventory suppliers trust, could harm our brand and reputation and those of our partners and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Evolving industry standards regarding impression counts and related disputes and customer collections could impact our business and reputation. Advertising technology industry self-regulation may lead to investigation by government or self-regulatory bodies, government or private litigation, and operational costs or harm to reputation or brand. Seasonal fluctuations in advertising activity could have a negative impact on our revenue, cash flow and results of operations. We often have long sales cycles, which can result in significant time between initial contact with a prospect and execution of a client agreement, making it difficult to project when, if at all, we will obtain new clients and when we will generate revenue from those clients. We are subject to payment-related risks that may adversely affect our business, working capital, financial condition and results of operations, including from advertising agencies that do not pay us until they receive payment from their advertisers and from clients that dispute or do not pay their invoices. The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above your purchase price. Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. Insiders have substantial control over our company, including as a result of the dual class structure of our common stock, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key decisions, including a change of control. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements described above. 4 Table o f Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are a global leader in advertising technology. We empower ad buyers to create, manage and optimize digital advertising campaigns across ad formats, channels and devices. Our platform s depth, artificial intelligence ( AI ) capabilities and rich ecosystem of inventory, publisher and data partner integrations enable superior reach and decisioning for clients. In addition to the primary capabilities provided by our self-service platform, our enterprise application programming interfaces ( APIs ) equip our clients with the ability to customize and expand platform functionality. Our clients are advertising agencies, advertisers and other service providers for agencies or advertisers, with whom we enter into ongoing master services agreements ( MSAs ). We generate revenue by charging our clients a platform fee generally based on a percentage of our clients total platform spend and from providing value-added services and data to support their advertising campaigns. Our Industry Digital advertising is reported to represent the largest and fastest-growing segment of the global advertising industry, with estimated annual spend of over $700 billion and representing more than 70% of the total market spend. The digital advertising ecosystem is divided into buyers, sellers and marketplaces. We believe that participants on the buy side or sell side should be advocates for their buyers or sellers, while those in the marketplace business should act as a referee or have market-driven incentives to protect or enhance the integrity of the marketplace. We believe that the convergence of several trends in the advertising industry are driving the rise of programmatic advertising and will result in it becoming the predominant method for advertisers to reach consumers: Rapid Growth of CTV . We are witnessing a generational shift from linear television to connected television ( CTV ) as Internet and television programming converge. New technologies support seamless delivery of streaming video content, accelerating consumers demand to watch what they want, when they want and where they want. We believe that this increased demand for CTV will bring about new opportunities for content owners and advertisers to connect with consumers, including through ad-supported subscription models, and will further drive the shift towards data-driven advertising. Expansion of Global Advertising TAM and Programmatic Advertising. The total addressable market ( TAM ) for global advertising is reported to have surpassed $1 trillion for the first time in 2024. At the same time, advertisers are shifting more and more of their budgets to programmatic advertising as they more precisely target audiences through high-performance, decisioned advertising campaigns. AI Driven Personalization and Automation . AI is fundamentally changing the media landscape, from the creative process all the way to the execution of advertising campaigns. As AI capabilities improve and as adoption of these tools increase, more personalized content at scale will be delivered with more predictive targeting and improved campaign automation. AI-driven platforms are poised to benefit from this evolution as the industry moves toward greater automation. Prioritization of Data and Measurement in a Privacy-First World. In an increasingly digital, deeply interconnected and cross-platform media landscape, advertisers have begun to prioritize the use of high-quality, privacy-compliant data to drive intelligently decisioned campaigns and demand access to advanced measurement tools that demonstrate their technology partners performance and value. By integrating this data with measurement features, including real time feedback on customer reactions to ads, programmatic advertising increases the value of impressions for advertisers and inventory owners and serves more relevant ads to viewers. Fragmentation of an Increasingly Digital Audience. As changes in consumer behavior and advances in technology drive media to become increasingly digital, audience fragmentation is accelerating. A growing long tail of mobile applications, social media platforms, streaming services and websites presents a challenge for advertisers trying to reach a large audience. Additionally, the number of devices used by individual consumers has increased. Both of these fragmentation trends are opportunities for technology companies that can consolidate and simplify media buying options for advertisers and agencies. 5 Table o f Contents Advertisers Expect More From Their Technology Partners. As programmatic advertising proliferates and the industry and technology mature, advertisers have an increasingly broad field of technology partners to choose from. As these partners differentiate themselves not just purely on value, but also on their reporting and measurement capabilities, their successful implementation of AI tools that empower advertisers and their access to desirable inventory and retail media, we expect advertisers to become increasingly selective on who they partner with. Our Philosophy Our approach is grounded in the following principles: We Focus on the Buy Side with Independence and Objectivity. We focus on buyers because they control advertising budgets. The supply of digital advertising inventory continues to exceed demand, and accordingly, we believe it is a buyer s market. We also believe that by aligning our core offerings with buyers, we are able to avoid the conflicts of interest of our competitors who serve both the buy side and sell side. We provide and are developing offerings and features that work with publishers and supply-side partners to help ensure access to quality advertising inventory and to maximize decisioning capabilities for buyers of advertising. This objectivity allows us to build long-term, trusting relationships with our clients, many of whom leverage their proprietary, first-party data on our platform. We Are Data Driven. Our platform was founded on the principle that data-driven decisions will be the future of advertising. We built a data-management platform first, before building our ad-buying technology. We provide rich third-party datasets in our data marketplace to improve campaign performance, and we frequently help our clients drive campaign performance even further by ingesting their proprietary data directly, enabling greater decisioning and campaign optimization. Given our independent, buy-side focused approach and our strict protocols governing the ingestion of client first-party data, our clients trust us with their most granular and expressive data. Our technology platform enables effective use of such data, allowing our clients to run precisely targeted omnichannel advertising campaigns that help optimize campaigns and maximize return on advertising investments. Finally, the breadth and depth of data available on our data marketplace gives our clients a holistic view of their target audience, which enables more effective targeting across channels and the ability to engage in more precise attribution and closed-loop measurement. We Focus on AI Capabilities . Because the core of programmatic advertising is algorithmic software that automates ad buying, the development of new AI technologies is inherent to us. For nearly a decade, we have invested in augmenting the capabilities of our platform, including pioneering multiple innovations in this space. Recent technological advancements have driven even greater automation opportunities within new capabilities we are developing, such as Audience Unlimited, which will enable the radical simplification of the data buying process using the agentic co-pilot features available on our platform. We Invest in Lasting Client Relationships. We derive substantially all of our revenue from ongoing MSAs with our clients, rather than episodic insertion orders. We believe this approach strengthens our relationships with our clients and helps us grow their use of our platform over the long term, providing us with a highly scalable business model and a customer retention rate that has exceeded 95% for over a decade. We Offer Transparency and are Channel Agnostic . Our platform provides granular, real-time reporting on our clients advertising campaigns. Our clients directly access and execute campaigns on our platform and can control all facets of inventory purchasing decisions. By providing detailed reporting and actionable insights on our platform, we enable our clients to maximize value and target their budgets toward the most effective advertising inventory, data providers and channels. We Are an Open Platform with a Rich Ecosystem. Clients can customize and expand platform functionality by building their own features on top of our platform. For example, clients may use our APIs to design their own user interface, bulk manage advertising campaigns and link other systems, including ad servers or reporting tools. By using our APIs or by working with our engineering team, clients can invest their own resources to build their own proprietary tools for reporting, campaign strategy, custom algorithms, proprietary data use or other use cases. Our open platform approach enables third-party partners to integrate their technology into our platform, which in turn allows our advertising agency and service provider clients to provide differentiated offerings to their clients, which we believe leads to long-term relationships and increased use of our platform. 6 Table o f Contents We Provide Access to Premium Inventory on a Global Scale . We have forged relationships with many of the open internet s foremost providers of premium omnichannel inventory, allowing our clients to precisely target their ads across the globe and through a broad array of channels. Our Platform Our world-class, AI-enabled platform helps buyers of advertising plan, execute and measure highly expressive, data-driven campaigns across premium, omnichannel inventory. Our platform enables advertisers and agencies to: purchase digital media programmatically on various media exchanges and sell-side platforms, as well as directly from publishers; acquire and use third-party data to optimize and measure digital advertising campaigns; integrate and deploy their proprietary first-party data within our platform to optimize campaign efficacy; utilize our AI-powered actionable insights to monitor, manage, and optimize ongoing digital advertising campaigns on a real-time basis; monitor and manage ongoing digital advertising campaigns on a real-time basis; link digital campaigns to offline sales results or other business objectives; access other services such as our data management platform and publisher management platform marketplace; and use our user interface and APIs to customize and expand platform functionality. Our platform is powerful and user friendly: Easy to Use, Open and Customizable. Our platform offers powerful tools and interfaces that empower our users by simplifying and streamlining the ad buying experience. Our platform also enables clients to integrate custom features and interfaces for their own use through our APIs. Koa Your AI Co-Pilot. Koa is our platform s AI co-pilot. It processes and analyzes robust data sets to surface insights, optimizations and recommendations that help platform users make data-driven decisions without sacrificing control or transparency. Koa s artificial intelligence capabilities are used across various aspects of the platform, including predictive clearing, ad impression relevance scoring, measurement and forecasting, budget optimization and key performance indicator scoring. Expressiveness. Our platform utilizes bid-factor-based architecture, which allows users to set up campaigns based on specific business objectives and optimize them based on performance. Because of the granularity of bid factors, users of our platform can easily define and manage advertising campaigns with multiple targeting parameters that could result in quadrillions of permutations, which we refer to as expressiveness. We believe that expressiveness provides clients with the ability to target audiences with an extremely high level of precision and thus obtain higher returns on their advertising spend. Integrated, Omnichannel and Cross Device. Our platform provides integrated access to a wide range of omnichannel inventory and data sources, as well as third-party services such as ad servers, ad-verification services and survey vendors. Our platform s integration of these sources and services enables our clients to deploy their budgets through a wide variety of channels, device types and formats, targeted in their desired manner, all through a single platform. Some of the key features of our platform are: Auto Optimization. We provide auto-optimization features that allow buyers the option to largely automate their campaigns. In addition, by giving clients reporting, budgeting and bidding transparency, clients can make informed decisions on whether to lean on our auto-optimization capabilities, including, for example, those within Audience Unlimited, or more actively control a campaign. Advanced Reporting and Analytics Tools. We provide a comprehensive view of consumers interactions with the ads purchased through our platform with robust reporting of performance insights across multiple variables, such as audience characteristics, ad format, site category, website, device, creative type and geography. Better reporting results in better learning, enabling better campaign optimization and outcomes. 7 Table o f Contents Data Management and Measurement Tools. Our platform enables clients to optimize campaigns with numerous highly relevant data sets, including from an extensive selection of third-party vendors, in a seamless and easy manner. We also empower our clients with an extensive set of measurement capabilities, both through a number of proprietary benchmarking tools and indices, and through integrations with a broad selection of third-party measurement partners. Informed Media Planning. Our platform enables clients to use audience insights and strategic goals to help optimize campaign planning, with the ability to generate, analyze and launch data-driven, programmatic media plans. Our tools analyze the actions of existing core audiences with the data we see across the open Internet to deliver fully transparent, performance-focused and ready-to-activate campaigns. Private Marketplace Support. For clients who wish to transact directly with individual publishers, we offer a comprehensive user interface for discovering and transacting via a wide variety of private contracts. Additionally, we offer a solution for advertisers to access publisher inventory via a direct tag in a publisher s ad server where there is no other programmatic access to such publisher s inventory. Our Technology The core elements of our technology are: Scalable Architecture. Our platform infrastructure is hosted in data centers around the world. Our core bidding architecture is easily adaptable to a variety of inventory formats, allowing our platform to communicate with many different inventory sources. This results in highly optimized performance with minimized latency, given the millions of data points that are analyzed in real time. Predictive Models. We use campaign data captured by our platform to build predictive models around user characteristics, such as demographic, purchase intent or interest data. Data from our platform is continually fed back into these models, which enables them to improve over time as the use of our platform increases. Performance Optimization. During campaign execution, our optimization engine continually scores a variety of attributes of each impression, such as website, industry vertical or geography, for their likelihood to achieve campaign performance goals. Our bidding engine then shifts bids and budgets in real time to deliver optimal performance. Additionally, our platform enables clients to set multiple, simultaneous optimization goals for their advertising. Real-time Analytics. Our platform continuously collects data regarding inventory availability. Real-time campaign delivery and spend totals are used to manage campaign budgets and goal caps, as well as campaign reporting. This data is fed back into our optimization engine to improve campaign performance and into machine-learning models for user demographic predictive modeling. Our Growth Strategy The key elements of our long-term growth strategy include: Increase Our Share of Existing Clients Digital Advertising Spend. Many advertisers are moving a greater percentage of their advertising budgets to programmatic channels. We believe that this shift will provide us with the opportunity to capture a larger share of the overall advertising spend by our existing clients. Additionally, we plan to promote and further develop value-added services, data, and client incentive plans, helping us grow our business. Grow Our Client Base. We have extensive relationships with many advertising agencies, advertisers and other service providers, and we believe that, given the decentralized nature of the advertising industry, we have the opportunity to expand our relationships with new and existing clients. We expect to continue making investments to grow our sales and client service team to support this strategy, and we see particular opportunities to expand the aperture of clients we support across the mid-market. Continue to Innovate in Technology, Data and Measurement. While we believe that our release of Kokai, our most recent and major upgrade to our platform and its offerings, implemented significant enhancements, we intend to continue innovating and improving the technology underlying our platform and enhancing its features and functionalities, including the development of new or improved value-added services or the inclusion of additional data. We view data and measurement as key competitive 8 Table o f Contents advantages, and we will continue to invest resources in growing and enhancing our data and measurement offerings. For example, we are developing new methods of media buying our platform that increasingly leverage data and AI features, meant to make it easier for our clients to utilize data and AI to enhance the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns. Expand Our Omnichannel Capabilities. We believe offering clients capabilities across all media channels and devices enables advertisers to manage highly effective omnichannel campaigns, where data from each channel can inform decisions in other channels. We believe these capabilities will continue to further strengthen our relationships with our clients. We intend to continue investing in innovation across all channels, including the integration of new inventory sources within CTV and other video, display, audio and native, as well as new potential inventory sources that could arise with the advent of AI. Extend Our Reach in CTV. Television is the largest category of advertising spend, and we believe that the future of television is CTV, the streaming of media and video on demand through subscription and ad-supported streaming services. We plan to continue investing significant resources in technology, sales and support staff related to our CTV growth initiatives. Ensure Access to Quality Inventory. Our continued success depends on our ability to secure increasing amounts of attractive, high-quality inventory on reasonable terms for our clients. As part of such efforts, we have developed and plan to continue to enhance OpenPath, our offering intended to give clients access to quality inventory through a simplified, direct connection to publishers. We have also launched PubDesk, a dashboard specifically designed for publishers to help them better understand what our clients want by providing detailed information on how buyers view their inventory and what drives bid pricing. This data gives publishers valuable transparency into their programmatic traffic, which helps them surface higher quality inventory that our clients can confidently bid on. Enhancing Supply Chain Transparency and Efficiency. We have launched and will continue to develop OpenSincera, an open-source tool that provides visibility into the ad experience by providing detailed metadata on ad experiences across 400,000 publishers. OpenSincera provides advertisers with more clarity around the media supply chain to make informed, intentional decisions across large-scale digital campaigns and provides publishers with more insight into the inventory and ad experiences offered. We have also developed additional features and offerings to facilitate better transparency and integrity of ad auctions, such as our OpenAds solution, and to further help our clients evaluate the quality and cost of inventory. Further Enhance Identity Solutions, Including Unified ID 2.0. We continue to develop and enhance Unified ID 2.0, an open-source identity framework that operates by transforming email addresses or phone numbers into an advertising identifier (a UID2 ) that is designed to not directly identify the individual. Subject to appropriate guardrails, participants in Unified ID 2.0 can then use this UID2 in connection with our platform and other services, including ad buying and reporting. We have worked to cultivate industry-wide support and collaboration for the Unified ID 2.0 approach, and we intend to continue these efforts. EUID, a European-focused version of Unified ID 2.0, was released in a limited beta in 2023. Expand Our International Presence. Many of our clients serve advertisers on a global basis, and we have been expanding our presence in markets outside of the United States to serve the needs of those advertisers in additional geographies. We believe that the global opportunity for programmatic advertising is significant and will continue to expand as publishers and advertisers outside the United States seek to adopt the benefits that programmatic advertising provides. As we expand relationships with our existing clients, we are investing in select regions in Europe and Asia. In particular, we believe that the United Kingdom ( U.K. ), Germany, France, China, Japan, India and Australia may represent substantial growth opportunities, and we are investing in developing our business in those and other markets. Expand and Support Our Third-Party Ecosystem. We have hundreds of independent companies who partner with us and who make their data and services available to our clients through our platform. We view these relationships and the access they provide our clients as a key competitive advantage and plan to continue developing these relationships. 9 Table o f Contents Our Clients Our clients consist of purchasers of programmatic advertising inventory, value-added services and data. Our clients are advertising agencies, advertisers or groups within advertising agencies that have independent relationships with us, manage budgets independently of one another, are based in different jurisdictions and are served by unique Trade Desk teams. Our clients typically enter into MSAs with us that give users constant access to our platform. Our MSAs, some of which may include joint business plans and other incentive programs, do not contain any material commitments on behalf of clients to use our platform to purchase ad inventory, value-added services or data. Generally, these MSAs have one-year terms that renew automatically for additional one-year periods, unless earlier terminated, and are terminable at any time upon 60 days notice by either party. If all of our individual client contractual relationships were aggregated at the holding company level, two holding companies would have each represented more than 10% of our gross billings in 2025 and one holding company would have represented more than 10% of our gross billings in 2024. Our Advertising Inventory and Data Suppliers We believe that we are an important business partner for suppliers of programmatic advertising inventory and data as we represent one of the largest sources of buy-side demand within the digital advertising industry. We believe our ecosystem provides a competitive advantage, which leads to better results for clients and in turn attracts more inventory and data suppliers. We obtain digital advertising inventory from over 430 directly integrated ad exchanges, publishers and supply-side platforms, providing us with access to a breadth of programmatic advertising inventory across televisions, streaming devices, mobile devices, computers and digital-out-of-home devices. We believe that our data marketplace represents an important distribution channel for third-party data vendors. As of December 31, 2025, we have integrated our platform with more than 370 third-party data vendors whose products are available for purchase through our platform. Sales and Marketing Given our self-service business model, we focus on supporting, advising and training our clients to use our platform independently as soon as they are ready to transact. Once a new client has access to our platform, they work closely with our client service teams, which onboard new clients and provide continuous support throughout the early campaigns. Typically, once a client has gained some initial experience, they will move to a fully self-service model and request support as needed. Our client service teams promote adoption of relevant features and provide support to optimize usage of the platform. To help train our clients, suppliers and other digital media participants, we have created an e-learning program called The Trade Desk Edge Academy. We believe that this initiative is an important component in our strategy of enabling rapid onboarding to our platform. Our marketing efforts are focused on increasing awareness for our brand, executing thought-leadership initiatives, supporting our sales team and generating new leads. We seek to accomplish these objectives by presenting at industry conferences, hosting client conferences, publishing white papers and research, engaging in public relations activities, expanding our social media presence and launching advertising campaigns. Technology and Development Rapid innovation is a core driver of our business success and our corporate culture. We prioritize and align our product roadmap with our clients needs, and we aim to refresh our platform weekly. Our development teams are intentionally lean and nimble in nature, providing for transparency and accountability. We expect technology and development expense to increase as we continue to invest in the development of our platform, related offerings and hosting infrastructure to support additional platform features and functionality, increase the 10 Table o f Contents number of advertising inventory and data suppliers and support anticipated increases in volume of advertising spend by our clients on our platform. Additionally, we intend to continue strategically investing in hosting infrastructure to support our growing artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities. Seasonality In the advertising industry, companies commonly experience seasonal fluctuations in revenue. For example, many advertisers allocate the largest portion of their budgets to the fourth quarter of the calendar year in order to coincide with increased holiday purchasing. Historically, the fourth quarter of the year reflects our highest level of advertising activity while the first quarter reflects the lowest level of such activity. Additionally, advertising activity is typically heightened in the periods leading up to major United States political elections. We expect our revenue to continue to fluctuate based on seasonal factors that affect the advertising industry as a whole. Our Competition Our industry is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete with other demand-side platform providers, some of which are smaller, privately held companies and others are divisions of large, well-established companies such as Google and Amazon. We believe that we compete primarily based on the performance, capabilities and transparency of our platform as well as our focus on the buy side. We believe we are differentiated from our competitors in the following areas: we are an independent technology company focused on serving advertising agencies, advertisers and others on the buy side of our industry so we are free from the conflicts of interest inherent in our competitors that also own and operate media; our platform uses proprietary, highly advanced technologies, including our AI functionalities; our platform provides comprehensive access to a wide range of premium, omnichannel inventory and third-party data vendors; and our platform allows clients to build proprietary advantages by integrating custom features and interfaces for their own use through our APIs, while also offering access to our rich ecosystem of third-party providers in our platform. Our Human Capital We believe our values of vision, agility, grit, openness, generosity and being full hearted are an important component of our success. Behind all our innovations are the talented people around the world who bring them to life. To continue to produce such innovations, we believe it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain top talent. We strive to make The Trade Desk a diverse and inclusive workplace, where our people feel they belong, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop their careers, supported by strong compensation, benefits and health and wellness programs, and by programs that build connections between our employees and their communities. As of December 31, 2025, we had 3,843 full-time employees in 21 countries. Regionally, North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) and Asia Pacific ( APAC ) make up approximately 63%, 20% and 17% of our workforce, respectively. Diversity and Inclusion We are committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and belonging in which all employees are empowered to bring their whole, authentic selves to work every day. At The Trade Desk, we believe in the people who work for us, and we prioritize diversity and inclusion as part of our investment in our people. Our goal is to create a culture where we value, respect and provide fair treatment and opportunities for all employees. To ensure we live our values and our culture stays unique and strong, our board of directors and executive team has put significant focus on our human capital resources. Team members are encouraged to come to their managers with questions, feedback or concerns, and we conduct various internal surveys that gauge employee sentiment in areas like career development, culture, manager performance and inclusivity. Our leaders review the survey feedback, if applicable, and other concerns raised by team members and work with their teams to take action. 11 Table o f Contents We demonstrate this commitment through a strategy of education, celebration, donations to the community, diversification of our talent and the creation of forums for internal dialogue and listening. As of December 31, 2025, our global leadership team is 68% male and 32% female. Talent Development Despite our rapid growth, we still cherish our roots as a startup and our company culture of ownership. We empower employees to develop their skills and abilities by acting on great ideas regardless of their role or function, which translates into personal investment in building our organization. To set our global team up for success, we define key competencies for roles that are aligned with our values and extend to all levels of leadership regardless of experience and role. We seek to provide a wide range of learning and development opportunities in both individual and group settings with formal, social and experiential learning. Compensation and Benefits We provide compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees and reward their efforts and contributions. We seek fairness in total compensation with reference to external comparisons, internal comparisons and the relationship between management and non-management compensation. In addition to base salaries, we provide competitive compensation programs commensurate with our peers and industry, such as bonuses, equity awards, 401(k) plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, employee assistance programs and tuition assistance, among many others. We also provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs. Intellectual Property The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important component of our success. We rely on intellectual property laws, including trade secret, copyright, patent and trademark laws in the United States and abroad, and use contracts, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements and other contractual rights to protect our intellectual property. We have a small number of patents and patent applications; however, our patent applications may not result in the issuance of any patents, and our issued patents may not actually provide adequate defensive protection or competitive advantages to us. Collection and Use of Data; Privacy and Data Protection Legislation and Regulation To power our platform, we and our clients currently use pseudonymous data about Internet and mobile app users to manage and execute digital advertising campaigns in a variety of ways, including delivering advertisements to end users based on information such as their geographic locations, the type of device they are using, their interests as inferred from their web browsing or app usage activity or their relationships with our clients. Such data is passed to us from third parties, including original equipment manufacturers, application providers, data providers and publishers, as well as our advertiser clients. We do not use this data to discover the identity of individuals, and we currently contractually prohibit clients, data providers and inventory suppliers from importing data that directly identifies individuals onto our ad buying platform. In connection with certain offerings, including Unified ID 2.0 and EUID, we do allow users of those services to disclose some directly identifying information, such as phone number and email address, to us for purposes of transforming that information into pseudonymous identifiers to use on our platform. We also take in email addresses and phone numbers to operationalize the opt-out portal we offer in connection with Unified ID 2.0 and EUID, as well as in connection with a single-sign on tool we offer to publishers, known as OpenPass. Our ability, and the ability of other advertising technology companies, to collect, augment, analyze, use, share and otherwise process data relies upon the ability to uniquely identify devices across websites and applications, and to collect data about user interactions with those devices for purposes such as serving relevant ads and measuring the effectiveness of ads. The processes used to identify devices and similar and associated technologies are governed by U.S. and foreign laws and regulations and are dependent upon their implementation within the industry ecosystem. Such laws, regulations, and industry standards change frequently, including those relating to the level of consumer notice, consent and/or choice required when a company uses data for certain purposes, including targeted advertising, or employs cookies or other electronic tools to collect data about interactions with users online. 12 Table o f Contents In the United States, both federal and state legislation govern activities such as the collection and use of personal data, and data privacy in the advertising technology industry has frequently been subject to review by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), U.S. Congress, and individual states and their respective regulators. Relying on Section 5 of the FTC Act, which prohibits companies from engaging in unfair or deceptive trade practices, the FTC actively pursues alleged violations of representations concerning privacy protections and acts that allegedly violate individuals privacy interests. In addition, increasing consumer concern over data privacy in recent years has led to a myriad of enacted and proposed legislation and regulation both at the federal and state levels, some of which has affected and will continue to affect our operations and those of clients, inventory sources and other industry partners. Many states have adopted omnibus consumer privacy laws. Other states are considering similar legislation. These state laws define personal information broadly enough to include many online identifiers provided by individuals devices, applications, and protocols (such as IP addresses, mobile advertising identifiers and unique cookie identifiers), individuals location data and hashed versions of email addresses and phone numbers. In many respects, these state laws focus significantly on advertising activities, mandating that businesses that engage in certain advertising uses of consumer personal information offer and honor an opt-out of such activities, including, in some states, through browser or device-based preference signals. (Terminology varies slightly among some of the state laws, referring to such practices as processing for targeted advertising or sales or sharing of personal information, but the opt-out requirement exists under each state s law.) These state privacy laws also provide consumers other rights, such as to access, correct or delete their personal information (subject to certain limitations), opt out of certain processing of their personal information and impose special rules on the collection of data from minors, precise location data, and other types of sensitive personal information as well as transparency and data governance obligations. Importantly, as a consequence of the obligations under these laws, the availability of data within our platform, our related offerings and the advertising ecosystem more broadly may decline, potentially making our platform and services less valuable to our clients. The requirement under certain states laws to honor users requests to opt out of certain disclosures and uses of data for advertising purposes through preference signals, such as the Global Privacy Control ( GPC ) or similar signals, reflects a broader attention that privacy advocates, the media and some government regulators, have devoted to digital advertising in recent years. If the use of the GPC or similar technical signals is adopted by many Internet users, is imposed by additional states or by federal or foreign legislation, or is agreed upon by standard setting groups, we may have to change our business practices, our clients may reduce their use of our platform and services, and our business could be harmed. As our business is global, our activities are also subject to foreign legislation and regulation. In Europe, including the U.K., the European Union (the EU ), the European Economic Area (the EEA ) and the countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, separate laws and regulations (and member states implementations thereof) govern the processing of personal data, and these laws and regulations continue to impact us. The General Data Protection Regulation ( EU GDPR ) and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act 2018 (the UK GDPR ) (the EU GDPR and UK GDPR are hereinafter referred to collectively as the GDPR), which apply to us, define personal data broadly. Together with related laws, such as the ePrivacy Directive, we and our clients and inventory partners face enhanced data protection obligations, both as controllers of such data and as service providers processing the data. These laws also provide certain rights, such as access and deletion, to the individuals about whom the personal data relates, and require consent for certain activities. IAB Europe previously collaborated with the digital advertising industry to create a user-facing framework (the Transparency and Control Framework, or TCF ) for establishing and managing legal bases under the GDPR and other U.K. and EU privacy laws including the ePrivacy Directive (discussed below). Although the TCF is actively in use, its viability as a compliance mechanism is under review by the European authorities and we cannot predict its effectiveness over the long term (as further detailed in the Risk Factors section). Maintaining compliance with the requirements of European privacy laws and regulations, including monitoring and adjusting to rulings and interpretations that affect our approach to compliance, requires significant time, resources and expense, and may lead to significant changes in our business operations, as will the effort to monitor whether additional changes to our business practices and our backend configuration are needed, all of which may increase operating costs, or limit our ability to operate or expand our business. 13 Table o f Contents Additionally, in the EU, the EU Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended by Directive 2009/136/EC), commonly referred to as the ePrivacy or Cookie Directive, directs EU member states to ensure that accessing information on an Internet user s computer, such as through a cookie and other similar technologies, is allowed only if the Internet user has been informed about such access, and provided consent. A replacement for the ePrivacy Directive is currently under discussion by EU member states to complement and bring electronic communication services in line with the EU GDPR and force a harmonized approach across EU member states. Although it remains under debate, the proposed ePrivacy Regulation may further raise the bar for the use of cookies, and the fines and penalties for breach may be significant. We cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. To address the transfer of personal data from the EEA, Switzerland and U.K. to the United States, we rely upon, and are currently certified under, the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks ( DPF ) and the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. However, the long-term viability of the DPF is uncertain and the extent to which other European mechanisms can be used to transfer personal data to the United States remains in question. If all or some jurisdictions within the EU or the U.K. determine that these mechanisms cannot be used to transfer personal data to the United States, then we could be left with no reasonable option for the lawful cross-border transfer of personal data. In such circumstance, continuing to transfer personal data from the EU to the United States could lead to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity. Such consequences could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business, such as by requiring us to establish systems to maintain certain data in the EU, which may involve substantial expense and cause us to divert resources from other aspects of our operations, all of which may harm our business. Other jurisdictions have adopted or are considering cross-border or data residency restrictions, which could reduce the amount of data we can collect or process and, as a result, significantly impact our business. In addition, the online advertising ecosystem is subject to best practices and self-regulatory standards, such as those promulgated by the Network Advertising Initiative, or NAI, the Digital Advertising Alliance, or DAA, and their international counterparts. Available Information We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and related amendments, exhibits and other information with the SEC. You may access and read our filings without charge through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov or through our website at http://investors.thetradedesk.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Website addresses referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not intended to function as hyperlinks, and the information contained on our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or documents we file with or furnish to the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before making investment decisions related to our Class A common stock. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry If we fail to maintain and grow our client base and spend through our platform and related offerings, our revenue and business may be negatively impacted. To sustain or increase our revenue, we must regularly add new clients and encourage existing clients to maintain or increase the amount of spend through our platform and adopt existing or new offerings that we make available. If competitors introduce lower cost or differentiated offerings that compete with or are perceived to compete with our offerings, our ability to sell our services to new or existing clients could be impaired. We focus on the value of our platform and related offerings. Agencies and advertisers may have an adverse reaction to the related pricing, which could impair our ability to maintain and attract existing and new clients and our share of their advertising budgets. We have spent 14 Table o f Contents significant effort in cultivating our relationships with advertising agencies and advertisers, which has resulted in an increase in the budgets allocated to, and the amount of advertising purchased on, our platform. However, it is possible that we may reach a point of saturation at which we cannot continue to grow our revenue from such agencies or advertisers because of internal limits that advertisers may place on the allocation of their advertising budgets to digital media to a particular provider or otherwise. While we generally have master services agreements ( MSAs ) in place with our clients, such agreements allow our clients to choose the amount they spend through our platform and terminate our services with limited notice. We at times supplement our MSAs with joint business plans and other incentive programs designed to increase spend from existing clients; however, such increased spend may not materialize in the amounts we expect or at all. We do not typically have exclusive relationships with our clients and there is limited cost and difficulty to moving their media spend to our competitors. As a result, we have limited visibility to our future advertising revenue streams. We cannot assure you that our clients will continue to use our platform or related offerings to the extent that we expect or at all, or that we will be able to replace, in a timely or effective manner, departing clients with new clients that generate comparable revenue. If a major client representing a significant portion of our business decides to materially reduce its use of our platform or related offerings or to cease their use altogether, it is possible that our revenue or revenue growth rate could be significantly reduced, and our business negatively impacted. The loss of advertising agencies, advertisers or holding companies as clients could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our client base consists primarily of advertising agencies and advertisers. We do not have exclusive relationships with advertising agencies or advertisers, and we depend on agencies to work with us to build and maintain advertiser relationships and execute advertising campaigns. The loss of agencies or advertisers as clients could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to maintain satisfactory relationships with an advertising agency, we risk losing business from the current and future advertisers represented by that agency. Advertisers may change advertising agencies. If an advertiser switches from an agency that utilizes our platform to one that does not, we will lose revenue from that advertiser. In addition, some advertising agencies have their own relationships with suppliers of advertising inventory and data and can directly connect advertisers with such suppliers. Our business may suffer to the extent that advertising agencies and such suppliers purchase and sell advertising inventory or data directly from one another or through intermediaries other than us. Our clients include advertising agencies, many of which are owned by holding companies, where decision making is decentralized such that purchasing decisions are made, and relationships with advertisers are located, at the agency, local branch or division level. If all of our individual client contractual relationships were aggregated at the holding company level, two holding companies would have each represented more than 10% of our gross billings for 2025. In most cases, we enter into separate contracts and billing relationships with the individual agencies and account for them as separate clients. A holding company may be acquired by, or consolidate with, another holding company that does not utilize our platform, or a holding company may choose to exert control over its individual agencies in a way that may otherwise result in an overall reduction in our revenue. If so, any consolidation of, or loss of relationships with such holding companies and consequently, of their agencies, local branches or divisions, as clients could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any decrease in the use of the advertising channels that we are primarily dependent upon, failure to expand the use of emerging channels, or unexpected shift in use among the channels in which we operate, could harm our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Historically, our clients have predominantly used our platform to purchase CTV and other video, mobile and display advertising inventory. In particular, the CTV market is quickly evolving and the demand for CTV inventory on our platform has been a significant driver of growth. We expect that these will continue to be significant channels used by our clients for digital advertising in the future. We also believe that our revenue growth may depend on our ability to expand within our channels, especially CTV, and we have been, and are continuing to, enhance such channels. Any decrease in the use of video, mobile and display advertising, whether due to clients losing confidence in the value or effectiveness of such channels, regulatory restrictions, consumer choices, or other causes, or any inability to further penetrate certain channels including CTV, or enter new and emerging advertising channels, could harm our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 15 Table o f Contents Each advertising channel presents distinct and substantial risk and, in many cases, requires us to continue to develop additional functionality or features to address the particular requirements of the channel. Our ability to provide capabilities across multiple advertising channels, which we refer to as omnichannel, may be constrained if we are not able to maintain or grow advertising inventory for such channels, and some of our omnichannel offerings may not gain market acceptance. If we fail to maintain a diversified channel mix, a decrease in the demand for any channel or channels that we become primarily dependent upon could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to accurately predict changes in overall advertiser demand for the channels in which we operate and cannot assure you that our investment in channel development will correspond to any such changes. Furthermore, if our channel mix changes due to a shift in client demand, such as clients shifting their spend more quickly or more extensively than expected to channels in which we have relatively less functionality, features, or inventory, then demand for our platform could decrease, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Macroeconomic conditions beyond our control could harm the overall demand for advertising and the economic health of agencies and advertisers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of the agencies and advertisers that use our platform. Market uncertainties or downturns, whether global, local or industry or sector specific, and any associated macroeconomic conditions, such as growing inflation, concerns around a potential recession, changes in interest rates, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in trade policies and practices, supply chain disruptions, the impact of global instability in many parts of the world and public health crises, may disrupt the operations of our clients and partners and cause agencies and advertisers to decrease or pause their advertising budgets, which could reduce spend though our platform and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As we explore new countries to expand our business, economic downturns or unstable market conditions in any of those countries could also result in our investments not yielding the returns we anticipate. If our access to quality advertising inventory is diminished or fails to expand, our revenue could decline and our growth could be impeded. We must maintain a consistent supply of quality ad inventory that is attractive to our clients. Our success depends on our ability to secure quality inventory on reasonable terms across a broad range of advertising networks and exchanges and social media platforms, including CTV and other video, mobile, display and audio inventory. The amount, quality and cost of inventory available to us can change at any time, including as publishers and other inventory suppliers respond to changes in the legal and regulatory landscape. A few inventory suppliers hold a significant portion of the programmatic inventory either generally or concentrated in a particular channel, such as audio and social media. In addition, we compete with companies with which we have business relationships. For example, Google is one of our largest advertising inventory suppliers in addition to being one of our competitors. If Google or any other company with attractive advertising inventory limits our access to its advertising inventory, our business could be adversely affected. If our relationships with certain of our suppliers were to cease, or if the material terms of these relationships were to change unfavorably, our business would be negatively impacted. Our suppliers are generally not bound by long-term contracts. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will have access to a consistent supply of quality inventory on favorable terms or at all. If we are unable to compete favorably for advertising inventory available on real-time advertising exchanges, or if real-time advertising exchanges decide not to make their advertising inventory available to us, we may not be able to place advertisements or find alternative sources of inventory with comparable traffic patterns and consumer demographics in a timely manner. Furthermore, the inventory that we access through real-time advertising exchanges may be of low quality or misrepresented to us, despite attempts by us and our suppliers to prevent fraud and conduct quality assurance checks. Inventory suppliers control the bidding process, rules and procedures for the inventory they supply. Additionally, suppliers and other third parties in the programmatic supply chain may extract more value than they add. As a result, supply chains in the market for programmatic ad buying may not always work in our favor or for the benefit of our clients and may have inefficiencies and lack transparency. Although we have in the past and continue to undertake efforts to improve supply chain efficiency and transparency, we may not be successful in such efforts. Given the importance of ensuring access to quality inventory for our advertisers, we launched our OpenPath offering in order to give clients a simplified, direct connection to publishers. We have been investing in this offering and plan to continue to grow the amount of OpenPath inventory and publishers available through our platform, but we cannot guarantee that this or future offerings will prove attractive to our clients or otherwise be successful. As new types of inventory become available, we will need to expend significant resources to ensure we have access to such new inventory. For example, although television advertising is a large market, only a very small percentage 16 Table o f Contents of it is currently purchased through digital advertising exchanges. We are investing heavily in our programmatic television offering, including by increasing our workforce and by adding new features, functions and integrations to our platform. If the CTV market does not continue to grow as we anticipate or we fail to successfully serve such market, our growth prospects could be harmed. Our success depends on consistently adding valued inventory in a cost-effective manner. If we are unable to maintain a consistent supply of quality inventory for any reason, client retention and loyalty, and our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully with our current or future competitors. We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing industry. We expect competition to persist and intensify in the future, which could harm our ability to increase revenue and maintain profitability. New technologies and methods of buying advertising present a dynamic competitive challenge, as market participants develop and offer new products and services aimed at capturing advertising spend or disrupting the digital marketing landscape, such as analytics, automated media buying and exchanges. Additionally, the impact of AI on our industry is still emerging and uncertain. We have been developing and implementing AI and machine learning models in our platform for nearly a decade and plan to continue such efforts, but there can be no assurance that our implementation of AI initiatives will continue to enhance our platform and related offerings in the manner we expect. We expect our AI initiatives will require increased investment in infrastructure. To the extent we fail to adopt such technologies effectively or as intended, experience delays in integrating these technologies into our operations or our competitors successfully implement improved AI technologies into their products or services, our ability to compete effectively could be harmed and our growth prospects and results of operations could be adversely affected. We may also face competition from new companies entering the market, including large established companies and companies that we do not yet know about or do not yet exist. If existing or new companies develop, market or resell competitive high-value products or services that result in additional competition for advertising spend or advertising inventory or if they acquire one of our existing competitors or form a strategic alliance with one of our competitors, our ability to compete effectively could be significantly compromised and our results of operations could be harmed. Historically, some of our competitors have sought to differentiate themselves to prospective customers primarily on the basis of artificially low prices, which are enabled by inherent conflicts of interest and a lack of objectivity, and do not account for the overall value delivered to customers. Our future success depends upon our continued ability to distinguish our offerings from competitors based on the value we provide our clients, including superior price discovery with respect to advertising opportunities, without the conflicts of interest and lack of objectivity that come with also selling advertising inventory. Although we believe that we offer differentiated offerings with superior value, some customers may be price sensitive and there is no guarantee that new and existing customers will value our offerings as we intend. They may perceive other offerings as competitive purely on the basis of price and results that are self-reported by such competitors. Furthermore, our current and potential competitors may have significantly more financial, technical, marketing, and other resources than we have, which may allow them to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products and services. They may also have more extensive advertiser bases and broader publisher relationships than we have, rich first party data sets, may be better positioned to execute on advertising conducted over certain channels, such as social media, mobile, and video and in the case of walled garden inventory providers, may exclusively sell their own inventory directly to advertisers, which prevents us from competing with them entirely for such inventory. Some of our competitors may have a longer operating history and greater name recognition. As a result, these competitors may be better able to respond quickly to new technologies, develop superior solutions, develop deeper advertiser relationships or offer services at lower prices. Any of these developments would make it more difficult for us to sell our platform or related offerings and could result in increased pricing pressure, increased development, sales and marketing expense, or the loss of market share. The market for programmatic buying for advertising campaigns is relatively new and evolving. If this market develops slower or differently than we expect, our business, growth prospects and financial condition could be adversely affected. The substantial majority of our revenue has been derived from clients that programmatically purchase advertising through our platform. We expect that programmatic ad buying will continue to be our primary source of revenue for the 17 Table o f Contents foreseeable future and that our revenue growth will largely depend on increasing spend on our platform and related offerings. The market for programmatic ad buying is a relatively new market, and our current and potential clients may not shift to programmatic ad buying from other buying methods as quickly as we expect, which would reduce our growth potential. If the market for programmatic ad buying deteriorates or develops more slowly than we expect, it could reduce demand for our platform, and our business, growth prospects and financial condition would be adversely affected. In addition, our revenue may not necessarily grow at the same rate as spend on our platform. As the market for programmatic buying for advertising matures, growth in spend may outpace growth in our revenue due to a number of factors, including pricing competition, volume discounts and shifts in media, client and channel mix, and the composition of offerings provided to our clients. A significant change in revenue as a percentage of spend could reflect an adverse change in our business and growth prospects. In addition, any such fluctuations, even if they reflect our strategic decisions, could cause our performance to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, and adversely affect the price of our common stock. If we fail to innovate or make the right investment decisions in our platform and related offerings, we may fail to attract and retain advertisers and advertising agencies and our revenue and results of operations may decline. Our industry is subject to rapid and frequent changes in technology and laws governing our activities, evolving client needs and expectations and the frequent introduction by our competitors of new and enhanced offerings. If new or existing competitors have more attractive offerings, we may lose clients or clients may decrease their use of our platform. New client demands, superior competitive offerings or new industry standards could require us to make unanticipated and costly changes to our platform or business model. We must constantly make investment decisions regarding new and existing offerings and technology to meet client demand and evolving industry and legal standards. We may make bad decisions regarding these investments, and our efforts to introduce new or upgraded platform features or related offerings, including, for example, those related to third-party data marketplace features, may not function as intended or result in the improvements we expect. Furthermore, even if we believe that our investments improve or supplement our platform and related offerings, such as updates to our various platform features and user interface, they may nevertheless fail to meet new or existing client expectations or preferences, which could result in decreased client adoption or use of our platform and related offerings. In addition, as we introduce new offerings and further develop existing ones, including in both cases those that increasingly incorporate or utilize AI and machine learning or the processing of personal information, including identifiable information, they may raise new, or heighten existing, technological, security, legal, commercial and other risks and challenges, which may cause unintended consequences, and they may not function properly or may be misused by our clients. If we fail to adapt to our rapidly changing industry or to evolving client needs or expectations, or we provide new or updated offerings that exacerbate technological, security, legal or other challenges, the reputation of and demand for our platform or related offerings could decrease and our business, financial condition and operations may be adversely affected. In addition to competitive, regulatory and marketplace uncertainties in the ecosystem, we also anticipate that evolution of the use of AI and machine learning in digital advertising may create challenges and further ecosystem uncertainty, which can be difficult to predict. If unauthorized access is obtained to user, client or inventory and third-party provider data, or our platform or related offerings are compromised, our services may be disrupted or perceived as insecure, and as a result, we may lose existing clients or fail to attract new clients, and we may incur significant reputational harm and legal and financial liabilities. We face various and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and the data that we process. Our offerings involve the storage and transmission of significant amounts of data, including personal information from users, clients, and inventory and data providers, a large volume of which is hosted by third-party service providers. Our services and the data on our platform, related offerings and in our systems could be exposed to unauthorized access due to activities that breach or undermine security measures, including: negligence or malfeasance by internal or external actors; attempts by outside parties to fraudulently induce employees, clients or vendors to disclose information or data, including personal information; or errors or vulnerabilities in our systems, offerings or processes or in those of our service providers, clients, and vendors. For example, from time to time, we experience cyberattacks of varying degrees and other attempts to obtain unauthorized access to our systems, including to employee mailboxes. We have dedicated and expect to continue to dedicate resources toward security protections that are designed to shield our systems and data from these activities, including worldwide incident response teams and dedicated resources to incident response processes. However, such measures cannot provide absolute security and could, among other issues, fail to be adequate or accurately assess the 18 Table o f Contents incident severity, not proceed quickly enough, or fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. Further, we can expect that the deployment of techniques to circumvent our security measures may occur with more frequency and sophistication and may not be recognized until launched against a target, including through the use of AI. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate or detect these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Many of our employees now have a hybrid work schedule consisting of both in-person work and working from home. Although we have implemented work-from-home protocols and provide work-issued devices to employees, the actions of our employees while working from home may have a greater effect on the security of our systems, platform, related offerings and the data we process, including by increasing the risk of compromise to our systems, confidential information or data arising from employees combined personal and private use of devices, accessing our systems or data using wireless networks that we do not control or the ability to transmit or store company-controlled data outside of our secured network. A breach of our security, a flawed design, and/or our failure to respond sufficiently to a security incident could disrupt our services and result in theft, misuse, loss, corruption, or improper use or disclosure of our systems or data. This could result in government investigations, lawsuits (including class actions), enforcement actions and other legal and financial liability, and/or loss of confidence in the availability and security of our offerings, all of which could seriously harm our reputation and brand and impair our ability to attract and retain clients. As some of our offerings involve the receipt and processing of identifiable information, the risks associated with data, including risks related to a breach of our systems increases, and we could be subject to contractual breach and indemnification claims from other clients and partners and otherwise suffer damage to our reputation, brand, and business. We could also be required to notify regulators, clients or other third parties. Our platform may also receive data in aggregated or pseudonymized form, and if our systems are breached and such data or information is compromised, it could be damaging to our brand, reputation, and business. Cyberattacks could also compromise our own trade secrets and other confidential information and result in such information being disclosed to others and becoming less valuable, which could negatively affect our business. Although we maintain errors or omissions and cyber liability insurance, the costs related to an incident or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means and insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. We also cannot guarantee that applicable insurance will be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. Privacy and data protection laws to which we and our clients, inventory partners, and third-party data providers are subject may cause us to incur additional or unexpected costs, subject us to litigation, investigations or enforcement actions for alleged compliance failures, result in less demand for our offerings, or cause us to change our platform, related offerings or business model, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. Information relating to individuals, households and their devices (commonly called personal information or personal data ) is regulated under a wide variety of local, state, national and international laws and regulations that apply to its collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer (including across national boundaries) and other processing. We typically collect and store IP addresses and other device identifiers (such as unique cookie identifiers and mobile advertising identifiers), which are or may be considered personal data or personal information in many jurisdictions or otherwise subject to regulation. In connection with certain of our offerings, including Unified ID 2.0, EUID and OpenPass, we receive information that directly identifies individuals, such as email addresses and phone numbers, both directly from consumers and from our clients or others. We deploy technical and security measures, internal policy controls, and contractual measures designed to limit how such identifying information is used and shared. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee any such measures or controls will be effective and handling identifying information increases our exposure under privacy and data protection laws. Some of our offerings, including those that entail some use of directly identifying information, may also increase our exposure to potential claims by plaintiffs attorneys, including by attempting to apply various legal theories such as alleging violations of wiretapping statutes to certain of our activities. The global regulatory landscape regarding the privacy and protection of personal information is evolving, and U.S. (state, federal and local) and foreign governments continue to consider and enact additional legislation and rulemaking related to privacy and data protection, often with a particular focus on intermediaries in the online advertising ecosystem, including those that engage in targeted advertising, sell or share personal data, and act as data brokers. While a significant volume of laws has already been enacted, we expect to see additional data protection legislation and regulation in this area for the foreseeable future. For example, the FTC uses its enforcement powers under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTC Act ) (which prohibits unfair and deceptive trade practices) to investigate companies engaging in online tracking. In the preceding few years, the FTC has been very active in bringing enforcement actions against companies that handle personal data it views as sensitive for advertising purposes, including location data 19 Table o f Contents brokers and companies that process health-related data. The FTC could continue to build on this trend under its authority to enforce a relatively new federal law focused on disclosures of certain sensitive information by companies operating as data brokers to certain restricted countries or entities controlled by such countries, and the Department of Justice could act on authority granted under an executive order restricting similar practices, for which regulations and guidance have recently taken effect. Other companies in the advertising technology space have been subject to government investigation by regulatory bodies; advocacy organizations have also filed complaints with data protection authorities against advertising technology companies, arguing that certain of these companies practices do not comply with data privacy laws, or consumer protection laws such as the FTC Act. As noted above, plaintiffs attorneys are also increasingly pursuing claims against advertising technology companies related to their data collection, use and disclosure practices, as well as advertisers and publishers that rely on services provided by these companies. For example, in March 2025, suits alleging various privacy tort theories were filed against us in the Northern District of California. For additional information regarding the pending legal proceedings, refer to Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies Litigation . We cannot avoid the possibility that one of these investigations or enforcement actions will require us to alter our practices. In addition, a potential federal omnibus privacy law remains a possibility. If ultimately passed, such a law would likely substantially impact the online advertising ecosystem. State lawmakers are also actively addressing consumer data privacy issues. Many states have adopted omnibus consumer privacy laws. These state laws define personal information broadly enough to include many online identifiers provided by individuals devices, applications, and protocols (such as IP addresses, mobile advertising identifiers and unique cookie identifiers), individuals location data, and hashed versions of email addresses and phone numbers. These laws generally require covered businesses to meet numerous data privacy-related obligations and establish data privacy rights for consumers in such states (including rights to opt out of certain processing of their personal data and to request correction, deletion of and access to personal data), imposing special rules on the collection of personal data from minors, precise location data and other personal data deemed sensitive under the laws, and creating new notice and consent obligations. Many also impose data minimization requirements, mandating that companies only collect and process data for certain purposes. In a recent enforcement action, the California Attorney General employed these data minimization standards to attack advertising-related disclosures by a publisher of health-related information. Perhaps most significant for the advertising industry, however, these laws require businesses that engage in certain advertising uses of personal data to offer and honor an opt-out of such activities. (Terminology varies slightly among some of the state laws, tying the opt-out requirement to targeted advertising, sales or sharing of personal data.) Increasingly, state laws require companies like ours to honor opt outs expressed through device-based preference signals, such as the Global Privacy Control ( GPC ), which enable consumers to opt out of relevant activities by all data controllers at once rather than individually. California and other state regulators announced an enforcement sweep focused on how companies honor these signals and California recently enacted a law that will require all browser manufacturers to support the sending of these signals. The proliferation of these laws, including the obligation to honor device-based preference signals and the greater volume of such signals that is likely to result from California s law, could result in lower availability of data within our platform, our related offerings and the advertising ecosystem more broadly, all of which could result in our platform and related offerings being less valuable to our clients and harm to our business. These laws and their implementing regulations have and will likely also increase compliance costs and obligations on us, our clients, and other companies in the advertising industry. Although we have attempted to mitigate certain risks posed by these laws through contractual, platform and offering changes, we cannot predict with certainty the effect of these laws and their implementing regulations, some of which are not yet finalized, on our business, nor the share of consumers who will carry out their opt-out and other rights and how these actions will impact us, our clients, inventory sources, and our industry. Further, enforcement activity under such laws already in effect, particularly in California, reflects an ongoing focus on online advertising activities and signals regulators willingness to pursue in-depth investigations and impose substantial penalties on entities allegedly operating in violation of the statute. Thus, we expect that continuing to maintain compliance with states varying legal requirements, including monitoring and adjusting to new regulations and interpretations that emerge through enforcement actions, will require significant time, resources, and expense, as will the effort to monitor whether additional changes to our business practices and our backend configuration are needed, all of which may increase operating costs, or limit our ability to operate or expand our business. In addition to these broad-based consumer privacy laws, lawmakers and regulators continue to focus on activities that involve use of categories of personal data perceived as especially sensitive, such as health data and children s data. For example, the FTC finalized an update to rules adopted pursuant to the Children Online Privacy Protection Act, modifying some requirements relating to the use of children s data for targeted advertising and several states have enacted laws that would substantially impact activities that involve showing targeted advertisements to individuals under 18 years of age 20 Table o f Contents through a variety of new restrictions, or in some cases prohibit it altogether. Further, several states have enacted laws, updated existing laws or have introduced bills to impose new privacy obligations related to health-related personal information beyond that governed by federal and state laws governing medical records and similar information, such as HIPAA. For example, Washington s My Health, My Data Act ( MHMD ) introduced a host of requirements related to a very broadly-defined notion of consumer health data that impacts the advertising industry in part because MHMD is subject to a private right of action (unlike most other state privacy laws), so plaintiffs attorneys could explore claims that stretch the bounds of the law s text. A somewhat similar law enacted in Virginia is also backed by a private right of action. These laws and the heightened scrutiny associated with the enforcement of such laws may, in turn, ultimately lead to increased compliance and defense costs, and more obligations on us, our clients and other companies in the advertising industry. Laws governing the processing of personal data in Europe (including the U.K. and EEA) also continue to impact us and to evolve. For example, the GDPR defines personal data broadly and enhances data protection obligations for controllers of such data and for service providers processing the data. It also provides certain rights, such as access and deletion, to the individuals about whom the personal data relates. IAB Europe previously collaborated with the digital advertising industry to create a user-facing framework (the Transparency and Control Framework, or TCF ) for establishing and managing legal bases under the GDPR and other U.K. and EU privacy laws, including the ePrivacy Directive. Although the TCF is actively in use, its viability as a compliance mechanism remains under review by European authorities and we cannot predict its effectiveness over the long term. Because we are under the supervision of relevant data protection authorities in both the EEA and the U.K., we may be fined under both the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR for the same breach, with penalties up to the greater of 20 million/BP 17.5 million or 4% of total worldwide annual turnover. In addition to fines, breach of the GDPR can also result in regulatory investigations, enforcement notices, reputational harm and civil claims. Continuing to maintain compliance with the requirements of the GDPR, including monitoring and adjusting to rulings and interpretations that affect our approach to compliance, requires significant time, resources and expense, as will the effort to monitor whether additional changes to our business practices and our backend configuration are needed, all of which may increase operating costs, or limit our ability to operate or expand our business. Data residency and cross-border transfer restrictions also impact our operations. For the transfer of personal data from Europe to the U.S., we rely upon, and are certified under, the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks ( DPF ) and the U.K. extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. In relation to such cross border transfers of personal information, we expect the existing legal complexity and uncertainty regarding international personal information transfers to continue. As the regulatory guidance and enforcement landscape in relation to data transfers continue to develop, we could suffer additional costs, complaints or regulatory investigations or fines; we may have to stop using certain tools and vendors and make other operational changes; we may have to implement alternative data transfer mechanisms under the GDPR or take additional compliance and operational measures, such as establishing systems to maintain certain data in the EEA, potentially involving substantial expense and causing us to divert resources from other aspects of our operations, all of which may adversely affect our business. Other jurisdictions have adopted or are considering cross-border or data residency restrictions, which could reduce the amount of data we can collect or process and, as a result, significantly impact our business. Further, our legal risk depends in part on our clients or other third parties adherence to data privacy laws and regulations and their use of our services in ways consistent with end user expectations. There can be no assurances that the privacy and security-related measures and safeguards we have put into place in relation to these third parties will be effective to protect us and/or the relevant personal information from the risks associated with the third-party processing of such data. We rely on representations made to us by clients, partners and providers that they will comply with all applicable laws, including all relevant data privacy and data protection regulations. Although we make reasonable efforts to enforce such representations and contractual requirements, we do not fully audit our clients compliance with our recommended disclosures nor can we be certain that our clients, partners and providers will adhere to data privacy laws and regulations. If our clients, partners or providers fail to adhere to our expectations or contracts in this regard, we and our clients could be subject to adverse publicity, damages and related possible investigation or other regulatory activity. Adapting our business to enhanced and evolving privacy obligations across relevant jurisdictions could continue to involve