=== SHOP_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A "Risk Factors" and Part II, Item 7A "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although we believe that the plans, intentions, expectations, assumptions and strategies reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. In addition, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future results. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent our views as of the date of this Form 10-K. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments may cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. Therefore, these forward-looking statements do not represent our views as of any date other than the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 6 Table of Contents Part I Item 1: Business Overview Shopify provides essential internet infrastructure for commerce. Shopify's all-in-one platform makes it easier to start, run and grow a business, powering sales online, in store, and everywhere in between. Shopify's mission is to make commerce better for everyone with a platform and services that are engineered for speed, customization, reliability and security, while delivering a better shopping experience for consumers everywhere. Shopify's business is designed to empower our merchants by offering a comprehensive, multi-channel commerce platform that supports their business as it grows. As owners and operators, merchants set their course, while Shopify offers them the tools to seamlessly manage, market and sell their products across various sales channels, including online storefronts, physical retail spaces, AI platforms, social media and more. Emphasizing merchant-first innovation, Shopify provides an integrated back-end system to streamline operations, from managing inventory and transaction management to building relationships with buyers. With a robust and continuously updated infrastructure, Shopify's goal is to provide merchants with cutting-edge technology to thrive in a competitive market. Our Merchants We believe we can help merchants of all verticals and sizes, from aspirational entrepreneurs to companies with large-scale, direct-to-consumer or business to business ("B2B") operations, or both, realize their potential at all stages of their business life cycle. Our merchants represent a wide array of retail verticals and business sizes and no single merchant has ever represented more than five percent of our total revenues in a single reporting period. As of December 31, 2025, we had millions of merchants from more than 175 countries using our platform, geographically dispersed as follows: 44% in the United States, 31% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, 16% in Asia Pacific, Australia and China, 5% in Canada and 5% in Latin America. Shopify's products are designed to enable our merchants' success, which drives our business model. Over time, historical merchant cohorts (the group of merchants that join the platform in a given year) have increased their sales, adopted additional merchant solutions, upgraded their subscription plans and purchased additional apps. Over time, revenue from these historical cohorts has increased and growth in revenue from merchants that remain on the Shopify platform has more than offset decreases in revenues from merchants leaving the platform (as shown in the chart below). Moreover, the total annual revenue generated by each of our previous cohorts has grown on a generally consistent basis. We intend to grow our base of merchants by both inspiring entrepreneurship through marketing programs and trial experiences and continuing to improve the ease with which merchants can get a new or existing business up and running with Shopify. 7 Table of Contents Ecosystem A rich ecosystem of app developers, theme designers and other partners, such as digital and service professionals, marketers, photographers and affiliates has evolved around the Shopify platform. We believe our partner ecosystem helps drive the growth of our merchant base by extending the functionality of the Shopify platform through the development of apps, which in turn further accelerates growth of the ecosystem. As of December 31, 2025, more than 21,000 apps were available in the Shopify App Store. Our Offerings Our business model has two revenue components: a recurring subscription component that we call subscription solutions and a merchant success-based component that we call merchant solutions. Subscription Solutions We generate subscription solutions revenues primarily through the sale of subscriptions to our platform, including variable platform fees, as well as through the sale of subscriptions to our Point of Sale Pro ("POS Pro") offering, the sale of apps, the registration of domain names and the sale of themes. We offer pricing plans designed to meet the needs of our current and prospective merchants. While most merchants subscribe to our Basic and Grow plans, the majority of our gross merchandise volume ("GMV") has been generated from merchants subscribing to our Shopify Plus plan and enterprise offerings. GMV is the total dollar value of orders facilitated through our platform including certain apps and channels for which a revenue-sharing arrangement is in place in the period, net of refunds, and inclusive of shipping and handling, duty and value-added taxes. GMV does not represent revenue earned by us. Offered at a starting rate that is several times that of our Advanced plan, the Shopify Plus plan solves for the complexity of merchants as they grow and scale globally, offering additional functionality and support, including access to features like Shopify Audiences for customer acquisition, B2B features 8 Table of Contents for selling wholesale and Launchpad for ecommerce automation. We also offer localized pricing plans in select countries where we bill in local currency in order to attract more merchants to our platform. Our subscription plans typically have a one-month term, although merchants can elect to make an annual or multi-year commitment. Merchants who sign on to Shopify Plus or our enterprise offering initially have annual or multi-year subscription terms. Subscription terms generally renew automatically unless notice of cancellation is provided in advance. POS Pro subscriptions fees are charged on a per month and per location basis, with an option to elect an annual commitment. Merchant Solutions We offer a variety of merchant solutions to augment those provided through our subscriptions and to address the broad array of functionality merchants commonly require, including accepting payments, securing working capital and shipping. We believe that offering merchant solutions creates additional value for our merchants by passing on our economies of scale, saving them time and money by making additional functionality available within a single centralized commerce platform, and creates additional value for Shopify by increasing merchants use of our platform. We principally generate merchant solutions revenues from payment processing fees and currency conversion fees from Shopify Payments, our fully integrated payment solution. We also generate merchant solutions revenue from our lending services, referral fees from partners, the sale of shipping labels, the sale of Point of Sale ("POS") hardware, advertising on the Shopify App Store and Shop Campaigns, our buyer acquisition offering. Research and Development Shopify is building products and solutions for commerce that enable merchants of all sizes around the world to successfully start and scale their businesses on Shopify. We strive to increase the probability of a merchant's future success by finding and supporting solutions that enable merchant discovery and allow merchants to develop a commerce presence across multiple channels and geographies. We expect to continue to leverage emerging technologies including data analytics, machine learning and AI in our products, to help our merchants increase productivity, improve workflows, make smarter decisions and enhance the reach of their products. For example, Shopify provides a suite of AI-enabled features integrated across the Shopify platform, including Sidekick, our AI-enabled commerce assistant, and Agentic Storefronts, which enables agent-assisted product discovery and checkout across a number of AI platforms. Research and development at Shopify is currently focused on product management, product development and product design to accomplish these goals. We also invest in developing the tools to make it easier for our ecosystem partners to build on and for Shopify to extend the functionality and flexibility of the platform. We believe that by deepening and expanding the range of solutions we offer to merchants and by offering new and better ways to market and sell their products, we will be able to grow our addressable market and meet the needs of merchants in years ahead. Strategy We have focused on rapidly growing our business and plan to continue making investments to drive future growth. We believe that our investments will increase our global revenue base and strengthen our ability to increase sales to our merchants. Our growth strategy is driven by our mission: make commerce better for everyone. Key elements of our growth strategy include growing and expanding our merchant base and the types of merchants we serve and helping our existing merchants continue to grow through continued innovation in our platform and the products we offer to our merchants as well as further growing and developing our ecosystem of partners. We continue to build with a focus on adding the most value for our merchants to help them be successful not just today, but in the years to come. We believe that fueling our merchants' success drives Shopify's success. Seasonality Our business is affected by seasonality due to holiday demand, which historically has resulted in higher GMV and revenue during our fourth quarter, which ends on December 31. We believe that this 9 Table of Contents seasonality has affected and will continue to affect our quarterly results. In addition, while we have historically generated higher merchant solutions revenues in our fourth quarter than in other quarters, our continued growth has partially masked seasonal trends to date. In connection with expected continued growth of our merchant solutions offerings, we believe that our business may become more seasonal in the future and that historical patterns in our business may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance. Human Capital Shopify is a company designed for world-class crafters. We value employees who are merchant-obsessed and thrive on change. Teams at Shopify experiment, observe and iterate to make commerce better for everyone. To support and enhance talent growth and development, we created ~Mastery , Shopify's craft-first talent system, to reward those who show up better to work every day on the continuous journey to improve their craft. Shopify has a remote-first work environment for employees, gathering in-person periodically during the year to connect and solve complex problems. Teams connect through Local Access in certain cities, in-person team events (or Bursts ) and key company gatherings, which in 2025 included a company-wide summit held in Toronto, Canada. These in-person moments foster connection, drive mission alignment and increase impact. Employees also have the opportunity to tackle novel problems and projects through Hack Days, which in 2025 included in-person collaboration in cross-company teams. We are intentional about building a culture and environment that empowers our talented people. We measure employee engagement through regular pulse checks, including a semi-annual survey. We offer wellness resources and programs across four pillars: financial, mental, physical and social wellness, including an Employee Assistance Program that provides employees with confidential help for any work, health or life concern. As of December 31, 2025, Shopify had approximately 7,600 employees worldwide. Technology The Shopify platform is a multi-tenant cloud-based system that is engineered for high scalability, reliability and performance. Open source has played a major role at Shopify from the beginning given our founder's active role on the core team that built Ruby on Rails, the technology that powers much of the Shopify platform. Our platform's cloud-based architecture is designed to support sudden traffic spikes and to provide high reliability to our merchants. The Shopify platform is "single branch" software, which means that all of our merchants use the latest version of Shopify, which eliminates the need to maintain older versions of the platform and enables us to quickly distribute new versions. We also maintain a focus on security, with firewalls, advanced encryption, intrusion detection systems and two-factor authentication and additional safeguards for credit card processing on the platform. Maintaining the integrity and security of our technology infrastructure is critical to our business, and we plan to invest further in our infrastructure to meet our merchants' needs and maintain their trust. Our investment plans include increasingly optimizing our cloud-based infrastructure to deliver local performance and global reach to more merchants than ever before, with consistent levels of availability, performance and resilience. Sustainability Shopify is a company that wants to see the next century and has taken many steps to build a sustainable business, including addressing emissions from building and home office energy usage and business travel and leveraging Google Cloud for most platform operations. In 2019, Shopify launched its Sustainability Fund, which is designed to identify and support impactful carbon-removal and reduction technologies and projects. Shopify is also a founding member of Frontier, alongside Stripe, Alphabet and McKinsey, among others, with a goal to collectively purchase over $1 billion of permanent carbon removal by the end of 2030. Merchants can also choose to address the carbon emissions associated with shipping their orders by adding the Shopify Planet app to their store. 10 Table of Contents Competition Our market is transforming, competitive and highly fragmented, and we expect competition to increase in the future. We believe the principal competitive factors in our market are: vision for commerce and product strategy; simplicity and ease of use for merchants and their buyers; integration of multiple sales channels; embedding of commerce functionality across more surfaces; interoperability across surfaces; cost-effective solutions; significant app ecosystem; breadth and depth of functionality; pace of innovation; powerful data analytics; ability to leverage emerging technologies, including AI; ability to scale; security and reliability; support for merchant discovery and brand development; and brand recognition and reputation. With respect to each of these factors, we believe that we compare favorably to our competitors. The growth of ecommerce may attract new entrants or new offerings from existing competitors. Additionally, some merchants may select one or more integrated or standalone offerings from other providers such as: ecommerce software vendors; content management systems; payment processors; point of sale providers; domain registrars; shipping label providers; fulfillment service providers; alternative lenders; financial services; cross-border services providers; and marketplaces. For additional information regarding these and other laws, regulations and rules that affect us and our business, see Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Intellectual Property Our intellectual property and proprietary rights are important to our business. In our efforts to safeguard them, we rely on a combination of copyright, trade secret, trade dress, domain names, trademarks, patents and other rights in Canada, Ireland, Singapore and the United States, and other jurisdictions in which we conduct business. We also have confidentiality agreements, assignment agreements and license agreements with employees, contractors, merchants, distributors and other third parties, which limit access to and use of our proprietary intellectual property. Although we rely, in part, upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors such as the skills and ingenuity of our employees, as well as the functionality and frequent enhancements to our platform, make our intellectual property difficult to replicate. 11 Table of Contents Government Regulation We are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that may affect companies conducting business on the internet, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could adversely affect our business. For example, concern about the use of software as service platforms for illegal conduct, such as money laundering or supporting terrorist activities, may in the future result in legislation or other governmental action that could require changes to our platform. Similarly, legislation or other governmental action around online platforms that might be used to distribute illegal or otherwise harmful content, goods or services, may require changes to our platform. We are subject to U.S. and Canadian laws and regulations that may govern or restrict our business and activities in certain countries and with certain persons, including the economic sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the sanctions regulations administered or enforced by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions in Canada, and the export control laws administered by the U.S. Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry and Security, the U.S. State Department s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls and the Canadian Export and Import Controls Bureau. We are currently subject to a variety of laws and regulations in Canada, the United States, the European Economic Area and elsewhere related to financial services. Depending on how our merchant solutions, including our payments and lending products, evolve, we may be subject to additional laws in Canada and other jurisdictions worldwide. We are also subject to federal, state, provincial and foreign laws that may relate to cybersecurity, privacy and the protection of data. Some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals and regulators of data security breaches involving certain types of personal information and our agreements with certain merchants require us to notify them in the event of a security incident. Additionally, some jurisdictions as well as our contracts with certain merchants require us to use industry-standard or reasonable measures to safeguard personal information or confidential information, and thereby mitigate the risk of a security incident. We also expect the enactment of future laws and regulations regarding cybersecurity, privacy and the protection of data, that will likely apply to our business. These laws and other obligations may create regulatory, liability and reputational risks for Shopify. We could also be subject to liability and/or governmental regulation related to the content of merchants' shops, products and services or other activities of our merchants and/or partners in various jurisdictions around the world. In many jurisdictions, new laws, regulations or rules relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their customers and other third parties are currently being proposed and debated, or otherwise being tested in court. This liability could relate to a number of different types of legal claims or concerns, including concerns relating to unfair competition, unfair, deceptive and abusive practices, copyright and trademark infringement, defamation, invasion of privacy or other torts, products liability and other theories based on the nature of the relevant goods, services or content. Any legislation, court ruling or other governmental regulation or action that imposes liability on providers of online services in connection with the activities of their customers or their customers users could adversely affect our business. In such circumstances we may also be subject to liability under applicable law, which may not be fully mitigated by our terms of service. Any liability attributed to us could adversely affect our brand, reputation, ability to expand our merchant base and financial results. For additional information regarding these and other laws, regulations and rules that affect us and our business, see Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional Information Additional information about Shopify is available on our website at www.shopify.com, on the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov or the website maintained by the Canadian Securities Administrators at www.sedarplus.ca. The aforementioned information is made available in accordance with legal requirements and is not, unless otherwise specifically stated, incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are a "foreign private issuer" as such term is defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act, and are not subject to the same requirements that are imposed upon U.S. domestic issuers by the SEC. Although, as a foreign private issuer, we are not required to do so, we have chosen to file annual reports on Form 10-K, 12 Table of Contents quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K with the SEC instead of filing the reporting forms available to foreign private issuers. We will make available free of charge, through our website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Item 1A: Risk Factors In addition to any other risks contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our audited financial statements and related notes, the risks described below are the principal risks that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, future prospects or the trading price of our Class A subordinate voting shares. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below. See "Forward-Looking Statements" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risk Factors Summary Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully below under the headings "Risks Related to Our Business and Industry" and "Risks Related to Ownership of our Shares" and include, but are not limited to: Risks Related to Our Operations Our ability to attract and retain merchants, increase sales to both new and existing merchants and sustain and manage our growth effectively; Our dependence on senior management and other key employees, as well as our ability to retain and motivate qualified personnel, hire key talent and maintain and adapt our corporate culture; Our reliance on third parties to provide key services for our business, including cloud hosting and Shopify Payments; Our limited operating history in new and developing markets and new geographic regions, as well as risks associated with international sales and the use of our platform in various countries; Undetected errors or defects in our software or hardware or issues related to data transmission capacity; Risks Related to Personal Information, Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property Unauthorized access to personal information, security breaches and cyberattacks; Our intellectual property rights and proprietary information and the unauthorized use of such rights and information by third parties; Our use of open source software; Risks Related to our Industry Failure to maintain, promote and enhance our brand including by failing to meet merchants' evolving needs or due to activities of our merchants or partners; Our ability to compete successfully against current and future competitors; The impact of worldwide economic conditions, including measures that affect international trade, such as tariffs, and the resulting impact on spending by merchants and their buyers; The impact of seasonal fluctuations on our business; The success of our strategic relationships with third parties and the impact of these relationships on our growth; 13 Table of Contents Our use of AI and machine learning, including associated risks and the developing regulatory environment; Changes to technologies used in our platform or technologies through which merchants and their buyers interface with our platform; Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Changing laws and regulations, including those related to data privacy, competition, online liability, consumer protection, financial services, anti-money laundering, sanctions, anti-corruption and securities laws, among others; Claims by third parties, governmental claims, litigation, disputes or other proceedings, as well as regulatory requirements, fees and other risks that could be costly or result in additional compliance obligations; Unanticipated changes in tax laws or adverse outcomes from tax examinations; Financial Risks Our ability to maintain profitability and our intention to continue to make investments in our business in the future to drive future growth, including with respect to key talent, sales and marketing, research and development, new products and our network infrastructure, among others; Potential future acquisitions, divestitures and investments; Risks associated with Shopify Payments, Shopify Capital and our other financing and lending solutions; Risks Related to Ownership of our Securities Our share capital structure and its effect on the influence of holders of Class A subordinate voting shares, including the Founder Share, which has the effect of concentrating a degree of voting power with our founder and CEO; and Volatility in the market price of our Class A subordinate voting shares. ***** Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our growth may not be sustainable and depends on our ability to attract new merchants, retain existing merchants, retain revenue from existing merchants and increase sales to both new and existing merchants. We principally generate revenues through the sale of subscriptions to our platform and the sale of additional solutions to our merchants. Our merchants have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after their subscription term expires, and new merchants joining our platform may decide not to continue or renew their subscriptions for reasons outside of our control. As a result, even though merchant growth has been strong in recent years, there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain these merchants. Our costs associated with generating revenue from new merchants are substantially higher than costs associated with subscription renewals or costs associated with generating sales of additional solutions to existing merchants. Therefore, if we are unable to retain revenue from existing merchants or if we are unable to increase revenues from existing merchants, even if such lost revenues are offset by an increase in revenue from new merchants or an increase in other revenues, our operating results could be adversely impacted. A portion of our business consists of small and medium-sized businesses. Small and medium-sized businesses tend to be more susceptible than larger businesses to general economic conditions and other business-related risks, which has, and may continue to, contribute to merchant turnover. These businesses may be particularly susceptible to changes in economic conditions, including pressure from inflation, declines in consumer spending, international trade risks and/or the imposition of trade protection measures (such as the imposition of or an increase in tariffs or import and export licensing 14 Table of Contents and control requirements), global supply chain disruptions and shortages including events impacting shipping and fulfillment all of which may negatively impact a merchant s business and in turn, negatively impact our business. Large merchants generally require higher service levels and have more complex needs than small and medium-sized businesses. As we look to further tailor our sales strategies to attract large volume brands, we may face elevated costs, extended onboarding cycles and decreased predictability in finalizing the sale of products and services to these merchants. If we fall short of meeting the requirements of these merchants, it could impede our ability to grow within the enterprise market. We may also fail to attract new merchants, retain existing merchants, retain revenue from existing merchants or increase sales to both new and existing merchants as a result of a number of other factors, including: reductions in our current or potential merchants spending levels; a decline in consumer spending, including as a result of deteriorating macroeconomic conditions; competitive factors affecting the global market for commerce services, including the introduction of competing platforms, discount pricing and other strategies that may be implemented by our competitors; our ability to execute on our growth strategy and operating plans including new solutions offerings; concerns relating to actual or perceived data incidents and security breaches; the frequency and severity of any system outages; technological changes or problems; our ability to expand into new markets and internationally; the imposition of new or increased tariffs or other trade protection measures; a decline in the number of entrepreneurs globally; a decline in our merchants' level of satisfaction with our platform and merchants' usage of our platform; the fact that difficulty and cost to switch to a competitor may not be significant for many of our merchants; changes in our relationships with third parties, including partners, app developers, theme designers, referral sources, vendors, payment processors and providers of AI technology; the timeliness and success of new products and services we may offer in the future; our ability to integrate emerging technologies into our products; and our focus on long-term value over short-term results, meaning that we may make strategic decisions that may not maximize our short-term revenue or profitability if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our mission and will improve our financial performance over the long-term. Due to these factors and the continued evolution of our business, our historical revenue growth rate and operating margin may not be indicative of future performance. In the long term, we anticipate that our growth rate will decline over time to the extent that the number of merchants using our platform increases and we achieve higher market penetration rates. If our growth rate declines, investors' perception of our business may be adversely affected and the trading price of our Class A subordinate voting shares could decline as a result. To the extent our growth rate slows, our business performance will become increasingly dependent on our ability to retain and increase revenue from existing merchants. Our business could be harmed if we fail to manage our growth effectively. The scalability and flexibility of our platform depends on the functionality of our technology and network infrastructure and its ability to handle increased traffic and demand for bandwidth. The growth in merchants using our platform and the orders processed through our platform have increased the amount of data and requests that we process. Any problems with the transmission of increased data and requests could result in harm to our brand or reputation. Moreover, as our business grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving our operational infrastructure and continuing to enhance its scalability in order to maintain the performance of our platform. Moreover, we may face integration challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or companies we may acquire or control. If we are unable to manage operational and integration challenges, or suffer unknown liabilities and reputational damage, our business may be adversely affected. We intend to further expand our overall business with no assurance that our revenues will continue to grow. While we intend to expand our business without significant additional hiring in the near term, we may be unable to achieve that expansion without increasing our headcount. As we grow, we will be required to continue to improve our financial controls and procedures, and we may not be able to do so effectively. 15 Table of Contents Our business is highly competitive. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. We face competition in various aspects of our business and we expect such competition may intensify in the future, as existing and new competitors introduce new services or enhance existing services and as our business continues to evolve and expand into new areas. We have competitors with longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition, greater experience and more extensive commercial relationships in certain jurisdictions, and greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Some of our larger competitors may be able to leverage a larger installed customer base and distribution network to adopt more aggressive pricing policies and offer more attractive sales terms, which could cause us to lose potential sales or to sell our solutions at lower prices. We also face competition from niche companies that offer particular products that attempt to address certain of the problems that our platform solves or to address certain merchant needs. Our potential new or existing competitors may be able to develop products and services better received by merchants or may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, regulations or merchant requirements. Competition may intensify as our competitors enter into business arrangements or alliances or raise additional capital, or as established companies in other market segments or geographic markets expand into our market segments or geographic markets. For instance, certain competitors could use strong positions in one or more markets to gain a competitive advantage against us in areas where we operate by, among other things: integrating competing platforms, applications or features into products they control; making acquisitions; or making access to our platform more difficult including by changing the terms of service related to their products, which could impact our and our merchants' ability to offer services or adversely impact our results of operations and those of our merchants. For example, large technology platforms have imposed and are considering imposing, or may provide their users the ability to impose, restrictions on the ability of other parties to access or use data from their customers and users. These practices may impact our merchants' ability to market and sell their offerings, which could affect the demand for our platform and lead to the loss of current or prospective merchants or other business relationships. Competitors may also be more established in international markets with a better understanding of local customs, providing them a competitive advantage. We also expect new entrants to offer competitive services and merchants may also seek to build their own solutions, including using advanced tools such as AI. If we cannot compete successfully against current and future competitors, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted. We store personal information including of our merchants and their buyers and users of our apps. If the security of this information is compromised or is otherwise accessed without authorization, our reputation may be harmed and we may be exposed to liability and loss of business. We store personal information, payment information and other confidential information of our merchants and their buyers, our partners and consumers with whom we have a direct relationship. Mobile applications integrated with Shopify and the third-party apps available for our platform may also store personal information, payment information and/or other confidential information. While we use technology to monitor for compliance with eligibility requirements for certain Shopify offerings, we do not proactively and comprehensively monitor all content on all of our merchants shops, or the information provided to us through the applications integrated with Shopify, and, therefore, we do not control the substance of the content on our platform, which may include personal information. Additionally, we use dozens of third-party service providers and subprocessors to help us operate our business and deliver services to merchants and their buyers. These service providers and subprocessors may store or access personal information, payment information and/or other confidential information. There have been in the past, and may be in the future, successful attempts to obtain or to provide unauthorized access to the personal or confidential information of our partners, our merchants, our merchants buyers and consumers with whom we have a direct relationship, including as a result of breaches of a secure network by an unauthorized party, software vulnerabilities or coding errors, human error or malfeasance, including employee, contractor or vendor theft or misuse, or other misconduct. The security measures we have integrated into our internal networks and platform, which are designed to prevent or minimize security breaches, may not function as expected or may not be sufficient to protect our internal networks and platform against certain attacks. In addition, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to networks in which data is stored or through which data is transmitted change frequently and are becoming increasingly sophisticated. As a result, we, and third parties we work with, including service providers we use and third-party apps or other services used by our 16 Table of Contents merchants, may be unable to anticipate these techniques, detect the attacks for long periods of time or implement adequate preventative measures. The unauthorized release, unauthorized access or compromise of personal or confidential information of our partners, our merchants, our merchants buyers and consumers with whom we have a direct relationship could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Even if such a data breach did not arise out of our actions or inaction, or if it were to affect one or more of our competitors or our merchants competitors, rather than Shopify itself, the resulting consumer concern could negatively affect our merchants and/or our business. We are also subject to federal, state, provincial and foreign laws regarding cybersecurity and the protection of data. Some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals and government regulators of security breaches involving certain types of personal information and our agreements with certain merchants and partners require us to notify them in the event of certain security incidents. Additionally, some jurisdictions, as well as our contracts with certain merchants, require us to use industry-standard or reasonable measures to safeguard personal information or confidential information. These laws, which may focus on individuals financial and payment related information, are increasingly relevant to us, as we continue to collect and store more payment information from buyers directly through services such as Shop Pay. Our failure to comply with legal or contractual requirements around the privacy and security of personal information could lead to significant fines and penalties imposed by regulators, as well as claims by our merchants, their buyers or other relevant stakeholders. These proceedings or violations could force us to incur significant expenses in defense or settlement of these proceedings, result in the imposition of monetary liability or injunctive relief, divert management s time and attention, increase our costs of doing business and materially and adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our solutions. In addition, if our security measures fail to protect payment information adequately, we could be liable to our partners, our merchants, their buyers and consumers with whom we have a direct relationship, for their losses, as well as our payments processing partners under our agreements with them. As a result, we could be subject to fines and higher transaction fees, we could face regulatory or other legal action and our merchants could end their relationships with us. There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data, merchant data and buyer data other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems or other cybersecurity incidents could impact or interrupt service to our merchants, their buyers and others who use our services, harm our reputation, subject us to significant liability and adversely affect our business and financial results. We operate in an industry that is prone to cyberattacks. Our products and services involve the collection, storage, processing and transmission of a large amount of data. Failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches and improper access to or disclosure of our data, merchant data and data of buyers shopping with our merchants, including personal information, or payment information from merchants and their customers, could result in the loss, modification, disclosure, destruction or other misuse of such data, which could harm our business and reputation, diminish our competitive position and subject us to legal or regulatory action. In addition, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (such as spear phishing attacks), scraping and general hacking continue to be prevalent in our industry and could be enhanced or facilitated by artificial intelligence. As a result of our increased visibility, the size of our merchant base and the increasing amount of confidential information we process, we believe that we are increasingly a target for such breaches and attacks, in particular because attackers tend to focus their efforts on popular offerings with a large user base. Our remote-first work environment could also impact the security of our platform and systems as well as our ability to prevent attacks or respond to them quickly. We have experienced such attacks in the past and may experience such attacks in the future. Such attacks may result in an interruption of service on our platform or the loss or unauthorized disclosure of 17 Table of Contents confidential information. For example, we have been subject to system interruptions and delays including as a result of distributed denial of service ("DDoS attacks"), a technique used by hackers to take an internet service offline by overloading its servers. A DDoS attack or security breach could delay or interrupt service to our merchants and their buyers and may deter buyers from visiting our merchants shops. We have a defense-in-depth approach to resist such attacks and minimize our risks, but we cannot guarantee that our approach and infrastructure are or will be adequate to prevent cyberattacks, network and service interruption, system failure or data loss or misuse, or detect security breaches. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to react in a timely manner to any cyberattack or other security incident, or that our remediation efforts will be successful. Our business and operations span numerous countries and involve thousands of employees, contractors, merchants, developers, partners and other third parties. At any given time, we face known and unknown cybersecurity risks and threats that are not fully mitigated. We expect to continue to harden our infrastructure to adapt to evolving tactics, techniques and procedures to make us more resilient. Moreover, our platform, our apps and third-party apps available for our platform have been in the past, and in the future could be breached if vulnerabilities in our platform or third-party apps are exploited by unauthorized third parties or due to employee, contractor or vendor error, malfeasance, or otherwise. Such exploitation may expose merchant or buyer data and negatively impact Shopify s business and reputation, regardless of the fact that the breach may be outside of Shopify s control (for example, in connection with a breach of a third-party application). Further, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, contractors, merchants or partners into disclosing sensitive information such as usernames, passwords or other information or otherwise compromise the security of our internal networks, electronic systems and/or physical facilities in order to gain access to our data or our merchants data. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and the size and severity of attacks and security breaches are increasing across the industry, we may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures or stop attacks or security breaches while they are occurring. Any actual or perceived security incident could damage our reputation and brand, expose us to a risk of litigation and possible liability and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by a security incident. Many jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, customers or government regulators of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data and our agreements with certain merchants and partners require us to notify them in the event of a security incident. In addition, we have provided in the past, and may provide in the future, voluntary notification to merchants, customers or individuals of data security incidents, regardless of any legal or contractual obligation to do so. Any such notifications may be costly, could lead to negative publicity, scrutiny and/or fines from regulators and may cause our merchants to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. Moreover, if a high profile security breach occurs with respect to a competitor, retailer or other commerce-related platform, merchants and buyers may lose trust in our business model or commerce more generally, which could adversely impact our and our merchants businesses. Any of these events could harm our reputation or subject us to significant liability, and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. If we fail to improve and enhance the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform and innovate and introduce new solutions in a manner that responds to our merchants' evolving needs, our business may be adversely affected. The markets in which we compete are characterized by constant change and innovation and we expect them to continue to evolve rapidly. Our success has been based on our ability to identify and anticipate the needs of our merchants and design and maintain a platform that provides them with the tools they need to operate their businesses. Our ability to attract new merchants, retain revenue from existing merchants and increase sales to both new and existing merchants will depend in large part on our ability to continue to improve and enhance the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform and to innovate and introduce new solutions. This includes our ability to successfully translate our vision for agentic commerce into solutions that our merchants can effectively adopt and utilize. If we fail to effectively integrate AI tools into our products, the utility of our platform could diminish relative to our competitors. If we fail to anticipate and address merchants' rapidly 18 Table of Contents changing needs and expectations or adapt to emerging trends, our reputation could be harmed and our business, operating results and financial condition could suffer. Furthermore, we expect adoption of our platform and solutions by Shopify Plus merchants and enterprise-level businesses to increase. As the number of merchants with higher volume sales increases, so does the need for us to offer increased functionality, performance, reliability, scalability and support, which requires us to devote additional resources to such efforts. To the extent we are not able to enhance our platform's functionality to satisfy these requirements, our business, operating results, reputation and financial condition could be adversely affected. We may experience difficulties with software development that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or implementation of new solutions and enhancements. We must also continually update, test and enhance our software platform. The continual improvement and enhancement of our platform requires significant investment and we may not have the resources to make such investment. We may make significant investments in new solutions or enhancements that may not achieve expected returns and such solutions or enhancements may not result in our ability to recoup our investments in a timely manner, or at all. The improvement and enhancement of the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security and scalability of our platform is expensive and complex, and to the extent we are not able to execute on these efforts in a manner that responds to our merchants evolving needs, our business, operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected. Our use of AI and machine learning may present additional risks, including risks associated with the use of AI algorithms and tools, the data sets used to train AI-powered models, the content produced by AI and the complex, developing regulatory environment. Shopify does not currently develop its own foundational AI models. Instead we incorporate AI-powered tools and capabilities licensed from third parties into select merchant products, in order to support elements of their business operations, and into certain of our own internal business operations. We are investing in expanding the AI capabilities available in our products, including through the ongoing deployment and improvement of existing machine learning and AI technologies. AI algorithms may be flawed and datasets may be insufficient, contain biased information or produce inaccurate outputs. AI tools and algorithms may rely on third-party data with unclear or disputed intellectual property rights or interests. Intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, of generative and other AI outputs, have not been fully interpreted by courts or lawmakers, and we cannot predict how future interpretations may impact our business. Certain jurisdictions have enacted, or are considering the enactment, of comprehensive legal compliance frameworks specifically related to AI. Any failure or perceived failure by us, our AI model providers or our merchants to comply with such requirements, if applicable, could have an adverse impact on our business. Additionally, AI decisions or outputs that are based, partially or solely, on automated processing or profiling or inappropriate or controversial data practices, or that include insufficient disclosures regarding AI-generated content, may: undermine the decisions, predictions, analyses or solutions AI tools produce; lead to unintentional bias or discrimination; or impair the acceptance of AI solutions, which in turn, could subject Shopify to legal liability, regulatory action, or competitive, reputational or other harm, all of which could negatively impact the value of our business, intellectual property and brand. The rapid evolution of AI and machine learning may require us to allocate additional resources to help implement AI and machine learning in a manner that minimizes unintended or harmful impacts, and may also require us to make investments in the development of proprietary datasets, machine learning models or other systems, which could be costly and negatively impact our profitability. The impact of worldwide economic conditions, including the resulting effect on spending by merchants or their buyers, may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Our performance is subject to worldwide economic conditions and their impact on levels of spending by merchants and their buyers. These conditions are impacted by events outside of our control, which may have a long-term impact on the global economy. A portion of the merchants that use our platform are small businesses. Such merchants may be disproportionately affected by economic downturns or disruptions, especially if they sell discretionary goods, and may choose to allocate their spending to items other than our platform, especially in times of economic uncertainty or recessions. 19 Table of Contents Economic downturns, financial market volatility or other negative macroeconomic factors such as tariffs or inflation, have in the past and may in the future impact buyer confidence and spending, and adversely impact consumer spending, which could result in merchants who use our platform going out of business or deciding to stop using our services in order to conserve cash, or otherwise adversely affect the amount of commerce transacting through our platform and our ability to generate revenue. Challenging economic conditions may also adversely affect third parties with whom we have entered into relationships and upon which we depend in order to grow our business. Uncertain and adverse economic conditions may also lead to increased refunds and chargebacks, any of which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, we hold marketable securities in our cash management program and from strategic partnerships and investments that are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, foreign exchange and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by certain events that affect the global financial markets. If global credit and equity markets decline for extended periods, or if there is a downgrade of the securities within our cash management program portfolio, the investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results. Thus, if general macroeconomic conditions deteriorate, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. We currently rely on two suppliers to provide the technology we offer through Shopify Payments. At present, we have payment service provider agreements with Stripe, Inc. ("Stripe") and PayPal, Inc. ("PayPal") and their respective affiliates (together, our "Payment Service Providers"). Upon completion of the existing term, the Stripe agreement automatically renews every 12 months, unless either party terminates the agreement earlier. The PayPal agreement, following its initial term, automatically renews every 12 months, unless either party terminates the agreement earlier. These agreements directly support Shopify Payments and, at this time, any disruption or problems with our Payment Service Providers or their services could have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial results. We have the ability, under our current agreements, to integrate alternative payment service providers for Shopify Payments. However, if our Payment Service Providers were to terminate their relationships with us before an alternative payment service provider was fully integrated, we could incur substantial delays and expense, and the quality and reliability of such alternative payment service provider may not be comparable. Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. We anticipate that the growth of our business will continue to depend on third-party relationships, including strategic partnerships and relationships with software developers, affiliates, payment processors, technology, fulfillment and shipping partners, providers of online sales channels, providers of AI technology and solutions, systems integrators and other partners. We rely on computer hardware and software licensed from and services rendered by third parties in order to provide our solutions and run our business, sometimes by a single-source supplier. Identifying, negotiating and documenting relationships with third parties requires significant time and resources as does integrating third-party content and technology. Some of the third parties that sell our services, or provide additional services on our platform, have direct contractual relationships with our merchants, and therefore we risk the loss of such merchants if the third parties fail to perform their obligations. Our agreements with cloud hosting, technology, content and consulting providers are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit such service providers from working with our competitors or from offering competing services. These third-party providers may choose to terminate their relationship with us or make material changes to their businesses, products or services. The success of our platform depends, in part, on our ability to integrate third-party apps, themes and other offerings into our third-party ecosystem. Third-party developers and partners may change the features of their apps, themes and other offerings or alter the terms governing the use of their offerings in a manner that is adverse to us and our merchants. If third-party apps and themes change such that we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our platform with these apps and themes, or if we fail to ensure there are third-party apps and themes that our merchants desire to utilize, demand for our platform could decline and merchants may see decreased sales, which in turn would impact our operating results. These third-party apps can be subject to disruptions for reasons beyond our control 20 Table of Contents that could have an adverse effect on us. We are also dependent on the interoperability of our platform with third-party mobile devices and mobile operating systems, as well as web browsers and application stores that we do not control. If we are unable to maintain technical inter-operation, our merchants may not be able to effectively integrate our platform with other systems and services they use. We may also be unable to maintain our relationships with certain third-party vendors if we are unable to integrate our platform with their offerings. In addition, third-party developers may refuse to partner with us or limit or restrict our access to their offerings. Partners may also impose additional restrictions on the ability of third parties like Shopify and our merchants to access or use data from their customers or users. Such changes could functionally limit or terminate our ability to use these third-party offerings with our platform, which could negatively impact our solution offerings and harm our business. If we fail to integrate our platform with new third-party offerings that our merchants want or need, or do not adapt to the data transfer requirements of such third-party offerings, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our merchants and their buyers expect, which would negatively impact our offerings and, as a result, harm our business. We do not currently develop foundational AI models and instead rely on third party models to power certain AI features and tools. If the providers of such models decline to partner with us, refuse to provide or continue access on acceptable terms, or if we cannot maintain technical interoperability, we could experience disruptions to our AI offerings, incur significant re engineering costs, or be unable to provide these features effectively, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also rely on third parties to manufacture certain of our POS products. We require suppliers of our products to comply with laws and standards on labor, health and safety, the environment, human rights and business ethics, but we do not directly control them or their practices or standards. If any of these suppliers violates laws or implements practices or standards regarded as unethical, corrupt or non-compliant, we could experience and have in the past experienced supply chain disruptions, government actions or fines, litigation, merchant and other stakeholder dissatisfaction and canceled orders, which may damage our reputation and impact our business operations. Our competitors may be effective in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services or to prevent or reduce subscriptions to our platform. In addition, third-party service providers may not perform as expected under our agreements or under their agreements with our merchants, and we or our merchants may in the future have disagreements or disputes with such providers. If we lose access to products or services from a particular supplier, or experience a significant disruption in the supply of products or services from a current supplier, especially a single-source supplier, it could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. Our limited operating history in new and developing markets and new geographic regions may increase the risk that our growth and expansion efforts will not be successful. We operate in new and developing markets that may not develop as we expect and elements of our business strategy are new and subject to ongoing development. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, including increasing and unforeseen expenses as we continue to grow our business. If we do not manage these risks successfully, our business, results of operations and prospects could be harmed. Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to continue to expand into new geographic regions and offer new products and we will face risks entering markets in which we have limited or no experience, which have additional complexity and in which we have limited or no brand recognition. It is costly to establish, develop and maintain international operations, and to promote our brand internationally. In addition, continuing to expand into new geographic regions, including those where the main language is not English, requires substantial expenditures and will take considerable time and attention, and we may not be successful enough in these new markets to recoup our investments in a timely manner, or at all. Our efforts to expand into new geographic regions may not be successful, which could limit our ability to grow our business. 21 Table of Contents Our business is susceptible to risks associated with international operations, including international sales and the use of our platform in various countries. We currently have merchants in more than 175 countries and we expect to continue to expand our international operations and penetration in international markets in the future and to operate with a global workforce in a remote-first work environment. However, our international sales and the use of our platform in various countries subject us to risks that we do not generally face with respect to domestic sales within North America. These risks include, but are not limited to: greater difficulty in enforcing contracts, including our terms of service and other agreements; burdens, complexity and potential delays involved with compliance with foreign laws and regulations and laws and regulations potentially applicable to international or cross-border operations including tariffs and customs, export controls, taxation, copyright, consumer protection, international trade, anti-money laundering, sanctions laws and data privacy and data localization laws that may require that merchant and buyer data and data of consumers with whom we have a direct relationship be stored and processed in a designated territory; potentially restrictive actions by foreign governments or regulators, including actions that prevent or limit access to our platform, services, apps or websites and uncertainty regarding liability for services and content; changes in trade or investment policies, treaties and tariffs (which may affect trade within North America as well as other countries); difficulties in managing systems integrators and technology partners; differing technology standards and different strategic priorities for merchants in various jurisdictions and costs and difficulties associated with localizing our platform and solutions including developing products in multiple languages and tailored for local preferences including challenges supporting our merchants as we implement new products and solutions to enable them to sell internationally; changes in tax laws, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax laws and precedents or adverse outcomes resulting from tax examinations; increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities and increased exposure in foreign jurisdictions with growing international operations; different employee/employer relationships and different legal and statutory regimes, including more restrictive labor laws and regulatory environments and the existence of work councils and labor unions and statutory equity requirements; difficulties in implementing appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs; uncertain political and economic climates and increased exposure to global political, economic and social risks that may impact our operations or our merchants' operations and/or decrease consumer spending, in particular on goods, including the impact of global health emergencies, supply chain disruptions, trade disputes or tariffs, terrorism, war, natural disasters and other events; lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment risks; currency exchange rates and restrictions related to foreign exchange controls; reduced or uncertain protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and risks associated with operating in locations with higher incidence of corruption or fraudulent business practices; new and different sources of competition; lower levels of consumer spending; and restricted access to and/or lower levels of use of the internet. These factors may cause our international costs of doing business to exceed our comparable domestic costs and may also require significant management attention and financial resources. Any negative outcome from our international business efforts could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Many of our partners also have international operations and are also subject to these risks and if such partners are unable to appropriately manage these risks, our business may be harmed. 22 Table of Contents We are dependent on the continued services and performance of our senior management and other key employees, the loss of any of whom could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Our future performance depends on the continued services and contributions of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Tobias L tke, and other key employees to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The failure to properly manage succession plans, develop leadership talent and/or the loss of services of senior management or other key employees could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our strategic objectives. From time to time, there may be changes in our senior management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. The loss of the services of one or more of our senior management or other key employees for any reason could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and corporate culture and may require significant amounts of time and resources to identify suitable replacements and integrate them within our business. If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel or maintain and continue to evolve our corporate culture, our business will be harmed. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. Our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain qualified personnel will directly affect our ability to maintain and grow our business, and such efforts will require significant time, expense and attention. Our inability to attract or retain qualified personnel or delays in hiring required personnel may seriously harm our business, financial condition and operating results. Our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, specifically employees with technical and engineering skills and skills in emerging technologies such as AI, will be critical to our future success and the demand and competition for such specialized talent may be high. Our remote-first work model may negatively impact our ability to attract, train and retain talent. Our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our Flex Comp compensation system provides employees with a single total compensation amount that is allocated between cash and equity awards at the discretion of the employees, subject to certain restrictions. While we believe Flex Comp will help to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, there can be no assurance that this system will result in the benefits we expect, and we may be required to grant additional awards or offer alternative forms of compensation to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. In addition, the ability of employees to choose the allocation of their compensation between cash and equity may result in variability in our cash and stock-based expenses from quarter to quarter, which may introduce volatility in our reported financial results. In addition, we believe that our corporate culture plays an instrumental role in our success, as it fosters innovation and teamwork, as well as technologically advanced and well-crafted software and products. In order to support our growth, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate employees working remotely in various countries around the world, while at the same time preserving the benefits created by our corporate culture. It may become harder to maintain our corporate culture and we may be forced to change it in response to unexpected circumstances beyond our control. Such changes could limit our ability to innovate and operate effectively. Any failure to preserve our culture could also negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, to continue to perform at current levels or to execute on our business strategy effectively and efficiently. We use third-party cloud service providers to deliver our platform services. Any disruption of services from our cloud service providers could harm our business. We currently manage our platform services and serve all of our merchants through third-party cloud computing services, such as Google Cloud Platform. If, for any reason, we are required to migrate our computing to other cloud service providers, such a transition could require significant time and expense and our business could be adversely impacted. Our third-party cloud service providers do not guarantee that access to our platform will be uninterrupted or error-free. Any damage to, or failure of, our providers' systems could result in 23 Table of Contents interruptions to our platform. Interruptions in our services could reduce our revenue, subject us to potential liability, adversely affect our ability to retain our merchants or attract new merchants and impact our relationships with partners and consumers using applications integrated into our platform. The performance, reliability and availability of our platform is critical to our reputation and our ability to attract and retain merchants, partners and consumers with whom we have a direct relationship. If service interruptions occur, merchants, partners or buyers could share information about negative experiences on social media, which could result in damage to our reputation and loss of future sales. The property and business interruption insurance coverage we carry may not be adequate to compensate us fully for losses that may occur. In addition, the hosting costs for our cloud services have increased over time and may increase further if we continue to require more computing or storage capacity and such capacity may not be available on the same terms or with the same costs or at all. These costs could adversely impact our business and financial condition. Payments processed through Shopify Payments, Shop Pay Installments or payments processed or funds managed through Shopify Balance may subject us to regulatory requirements, additional fees and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm our business. These financial products may also pose the risk of fraud and expose Shopify or our merchants to additional costs or liabilities. We are subject to risks related to payments processed through Shopify Payments, Shop Pay Installments and Shopify Balance. Such risks include: we pay interchange and/or other fees on these transactions, which may increase our operating expenses; if we are unable to maintain our chargeback rate at acceptable levels, or comply with other applicable network rules, our credit card fees may increase, we may receive fines from credit card networks, or credit card issuers may terminate their relationship with us or with particular merchants on our platform; increased costs and diversion of management time and effort and other resources to deal with fraudulent transactions or chargeback disputes, which may increase in an economic downturn; potential fraudulent or otherwise illegal activity by merchants, their buyers, developers, employees, consultants or third parties, in particular with respect to unauthorized account access and unauthorized transactions for Shopify Balance where funds cannot be recovered or transactions reversed, which could lead to increased costs, fines or liabilities for Shopify; exposure to transaction losses on Shopify Payments, Shop Pay Installments and Shopify Balance as a result of unrecovered merchant transactions due to returns and disputes; restrictions on funds or required reserves related to payments; and compliance with evolving payment industry rules and legal requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI-DSS"). We are required by our payment processors to comply with payment card network operating rules and we have agreed to reimburse our payment processors for certain fees or fines they are assessed by payment card networks as a result of any rule violations by us or our merchants. The payment card networks have discretion to both set and interpret the card rules. In addition, we face the risk that one or more payment card networks or payment processors may, at any time, assess penalties against us, against our merchants, or terminate our ability to accept credit card payments or other forms of online payments from buyers, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If we fail to comply with the payment card network rules, including the PCI-DSS, we would be in breach of our contractual obligations to our payment processors, financial institutions, partners and merchants. Such failure to comply may subject us to fines, penalties, damages, higher transaction fees and civil liability, and could eventually prevent us from processing or accepting payment cards or could lead to a loss of payment processor partners, even if there is no compromise of customer information. We or our partners are currently subject to a variety of laws and regulations in various jurisdictions related to payment processing, including those governing cross-border and domestic money transmission, prepaid and other payment access instruments, electronic funds transfers, buy now pay later products, foreign exchange, anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, banking and import and export restrictions. Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could constrain our ability to offer or expand our financial products or otherwise adversely 24 Table of Contents affect our business. Depending on how Shopify Payments, Shop Pay Installments, Shopify Balance and our other merchant solutions evolve, we may become subject to additional laws, either in existing or new jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, the application or interpretation of these laws and regulations is not clear. Our efforts to comply with these laws and regulations could be costly and result in diversion of management time and effort and may still not guarantee compliance. In the event that we are found to be in violation of any such legal or regulatory requirements, we may be subject to monetary fines or other penalties such as a cease and desist order, or we may be required to make changes to our platform, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our brand is integral to our success. If we fail to effectively maintain, promote and enhance our brand, our business and competitive position may be harmed. We believe that maintaining, promoting and enhancing the Shopify brand is critical to expanding our business. Maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide high-quality, well-designed, useful, reliable and innovative solutions, which we may not do successfully. Errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our platform, including with third-party apps, or with our other products, may harm our reputation and brand. We may introduce new solutions or terms of service that our merchants and their buyers do not like, which may negatively affect our brand. Additionally, if our merchants or their buyers have a negative experience using our solutions or third-party solutions integrated with Shopify, or if our merchants do not receive a consistently high level of customer service, such experiences may affect our brand. Our Shopify Partner Directory enables independent designers, developers and marketers to offer their services to merchants who engage them directly. Our reputation may be harmed if any of the services provided by these third parties does not meet our merchants expectations. We receive media coverage globally. Any unfavorable media coverage or negative publicity about our industry or our company including, without limitation, the quality and reliability of our platform, our level of customer service, privacy and security practices, product changes, our business operations, litigation, or regulatory activity, or regarding the actions of our partners or merchants, could seriously harm our reputation. Critics have in the past and may in the future utilize the internet, the press and other means to publish negative views of our industry, our company, our competitors, and our employees, or make allegations regarding our business and operations, or the business and operations of our competitors. We may be the recipient of similar negative publicity or allegations in the future, which could adversely affect the retention, engagement and loyalty of our existing merchants and our ability to attract new merchants, and decrease revenues, divert the attention of management, cause fluctuations in the market price of our Class A subordinate voting shares and negatively impact our business and reputation. We believe that the importance of brand recognition will continue to increase as competition in our market increases. In addition to our ability to provide reliable and useful solutions at competitive prices, successful promotion of our brand will depend on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We market our platform through advertisements on search engines and social networking and media sites and paid banner advertisements on other websites, partner and affiliate channels and through a number of free traffic sources, including customer referrals, word-of-mouth and search engines. We also use a number of offline marketing channels as well, including audio, television and direct mail to attract new merchants. Additionally, the success of our brand promotion efforts is partly dependent on our visibility on third-party advertising platforms and changes in the way these platforms operate or changes in their terms or data use practices could make marketing and promotion of our platform and brand more expensive and difficult thereby limiting our success as a business. We have incurred net losses in the past and we expect to make substantial investments in our business in the future. As such, we may be unable to maintain our profitability in the future. In prior years, we incurred net losses and have also had an accumulated deficit. These losses and accumulated deficit were a result of the substantial investments we made to grow our business and we expect to make significant investments in our business in the future, including with respect to key talent, sales and marketing, research and development, the creation and implementation of new products and services, the functionality of our platform, merchant service and support, security and operational requirements, our network infrastructure, acquisitions and the expansion of our international operations. Historically, our costs have increased each year due to these factors and we expect to continue to incur 25 Table of Contents increasing costs to support our anticipated future growth. While we are focused on our costs relative to our future revenue growth, certain costs may be more difficult to predict or outside of our control and increased investments and expenditures may make it difficult for us to maintain profitability. For example, if the costs associated with acquiring new merchants materially rise in the future, including the fees we pay to third parties to market our platform, our expenses may rise significantly. Therefore, we cannot predict if we will maintain profitability over time. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may incur significant losses in the future and we may not be able to maintain our profitability on a consistent basis. We have previously made, and may make in the future, decisions that could negatively impact our short-term operating results if we believe those decisions will improve the experiences of our merchants and their buyers and/or if we believe such decisions will improve our operating results over the long term. These decisions may not be consistent with the expectations of investors and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business may be materially and adversely affected. If our software or hardware contain undetected errors or defects, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. The software underlying our platform is complex and, despite internal testing, may contain errors, defects, security vulnerabilities or software bugs that are difficult to detect and correct, particularly when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. Any failure to successfully correct such errors, defects, security vulnerabilities or software bugs in a timely manner, or at all, could result in lost revenue, significant expenditures of capital, a delay or loss in market acceptance, litigation and damage to our reputation and brand, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our platform is a multi-tenant cloud-based system that allows us to deploy new versions and enhancements to all of our merchants simultaneously. To the extent we deploy new versions or enhancements that contain errors, defects, security vulnerabilities or software bugs to all of our merchants simultaneously, the consequences would be more severe than if such versions or enhancements were only deployed to a smaller number of our merchants. Additionally, our POS hardware products have had in the past and may in the future have defects in design, manufacture or associated software. These defects may expose us to product liability claims, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, litigation or regulatory action including claims due to personal injury, death and environmental or property damage. We could incur significant expenses, lost revenue and reputational harm as a result of recalls, safety alerts, product liability claims or regulatory actions, particularly if we fail to prevent, detect or address such issues through design, testing or warranty repairs. Our business is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide, which may expose us to liability, increase costs or have other adverse effects that could harm our business. We are subject to varied and complex laws, regulations and customs around the world. These laws and regulations may relate to data privacy and data localization laws, copyright or similar laws, anti-spam laws, competition laws and laws related to online platform liability, content moderation, consumer protection, counterfeiting, financial services, cross-border and domestic money transmission, product liability, employment, taxation, anti-money laundering, sanctions, anti-corruption, securities laws and export control, among others. Compliance with such laws is costly and can require changes to our business practices and significant management time and effort. These laws are continuously evolving, particularly as they relate to internet and multi-channel commerce platforms. Additionally, many of these laws do not address the unique issues raised by online platforms and ecommerce and those that do are often intended to target consumer-facing marketplaces that are differently situated than Shopify's core services. New laws, including those governing the internet, online platforms, AI and competition, potential amendments to existing laws and ongoing regulatory and judicial interpretation of existing laws may be interpreted in a manner that restricts the scope of applicable protections, creates liability, costs or uncertainty for us and our merchants, or limits our ability to operate our platform or offer some of our products, which could in turn place us at a competitive disadvantage, subject our partners to restrictions that may impact our operations, or otherwise negatively impact our business. 26 Table of Contents Additionally, if one of our products is found to violate applicable laws or is perceived negatively by regulatory authorities or if merchants, partners or third parties with whom we work violate applicable laws or our policies, those violations could result in other liabilities for us and could harm our business. Such violations may also negatively impact our reputation and brand in ways that could cause additional harm to our business, for example by creating a negative consumer or regulatory perception around use of our products. Evolving data protection and privacy laws and regulations, cross-border data transfer restrictions, data localization requirements and other domestic or foreign laws or regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services, expose us to liability, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Laws and regulations related to data protection and privacy, and their interpretations, concerning the collection, processing and disclosure of consumer personal information are constantly evolving. Many of these laws and regulations, including Canada's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), the European Union's ePrivacy Directive, the United Kingdom's General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), as amended by the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act, the California Invasion of Privacy Act ("CIPA"), and other applicable provincial and state laws and regulations, as well as those of other applicable jurisdictions, contain detailed requirements regarding collecting and processing personal information, and impose certain limitations on how such information may be used, the length for which it may be stored, with whom it may be shared and the effectiveness of consumer consent. In addition to comprehensive U.S. state privacy laws and regulations that have gone into effect or will go into effect in the future, similar laws are being proposed elsewhere, which impose additional obligations such as additional rights processes, new contractual requirements, opt outs for certain uses and disclosures of sensitive personal information, opt outs from sharing personal information for targeted advertising, and disclosures and other requirements with respect to the use of AI and automated decision-making. Such laws and regulations could restrict our ability to store and process personal data (in particular, our ability to use certain data for purposes such as risk or fraud avoidance, marketing or advertising), to control our costs by using certain vendors or service providers and to offer certain services in certain jurisdictions. Moreover, such laws could restrict our merchants ability to run their businesses, for example by limiting their ability to effectively market or advertise to interested buyers and, in general, by increasing the resources required to operate their business. This could reduce our revenues and the general demand for our services. Additionally, such laws and regulations are often inconsistent and may be subject to amendment or re-interpretation, which may cause us to incur significant costs and expend significant effort to ensure compliance. Given that requirements may be inconsistent and evolving, how we choose to respond to these requirements globally may not meet the expectations of individual merchants, their buyers or other stakeholders, which could thereby reduce the demand for our services. Finally, some merchants, partners or service providers may respond to these evolving laws and regulations by asking us to make certain privacy or data related contractual commitments that we are unable or unwilling to make or by placing restrictions on how data may be used. Restrictions imposed by our partners or other third parties may also impair our merchant's ability to sell or market their products, which could affect the demand for our platform. Any of these responses or restrictions could lead to a loss of current or prospective merchants or other business relationships. Certain laws and regulations also include restrictions on the transfer of personal information across borders or apply with extra-territorial effect. Because our services are accessible worldwide, certain foreign jurisdictions may claim that we are required t