=== ABNB_2026-04-24.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0001559720 0001559720 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001559720 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001559720 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001559720 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001559720 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001559720 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001559720 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001559720 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001559720 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001559720 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001559720 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001559720 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001559720 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001559720 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a -6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Airbnb, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents AIRBNB, INC. 888 Brannan Street, 3rd Floor San Francisco, California 94103 NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held Virtually on June 5, 2026 To Our Stockholders: NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Airbnb, Inc. (the Annual Meeting ) will be held on June 5, 2026, at 10:00 a.m., Pacific Daylight Time, virtually via a live webcast. Please visit www.proxydocs.com/ABNB and enter your control number included in your Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, on the instructions accompanying your proxy materials, or on your proxy card for details on how to attend the Annual Meeting. At the Annual Meeting, stockholders will consider and vote on the following matters: 1. To elect Nathan Blecharczyk, Alfred Lin and James Manyika as Class III Directors to serve until the 2029 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified; 2. To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026; 3. To approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation of our named executive officers ( Say-on-Pay Vote ); and 4. To consider four advisory (non-binding) stockholder proposals, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting. The stockholders will also act on any other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement, continuation or adjournment thereof. Stockholders of record at the close of business on April 8, 2026 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any postponement, continuation, or adjournment thereof. A complete list of such stockholders will be open to the examination of any stockholder for a period of ten days prior to the Annual Meeting for a purpose germane to the meeting and will be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting. Your vote is very important to us, and it is important to us that your shares are represented regardless of the number of shares you may hold. Whether you choose to participate in the Annual Meeting online or not, you can be sure your shares are represented at the meeting if you are a stockholder of record by promptly voting electronically over the internet or via the toll-free telephone number provided, or, if you request to receive paper copies of these materials by mail, by returning your completed proxy card in the pre-addressed, postage-paid return envelope. If your shares are held in street name, you may return your completed voting instruction card to your broker. If, for any reason, you desire to revoke or change your proxy, you may do so at any time before it is exercised, such that submitting your proxy now will not prevent you from voting your shares at the Annual Meeting. The proxy is solicited by the board of directors of Airbnb, Inc. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting Our proxy materials, including the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, are being made available on our website at https://investors.airbnb.com, as well as at the following website: www.proxydocs.com/ABNB. We are providing access to our proxy materials over the internet under the rules adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. By Order of the Board of Directors, Brian Chesky Chairperson of the Board of Directors Chief Executive Officer April 24, 2026 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 1 PROXY STATEMENT 1 PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 8 Our Board of Directors 8 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 12 Our Executive Officers 20 PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 22 Report of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee 22 PROPOSAL NO. 3 APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY (NON-BINDING) BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS ( SAY-ON-PAY VOTE ) 24 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 25 Report of the People and Compensation Committee 36 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 37 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 51 PROPOSAL NO. 4 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUESTING REPORT ON OVERSIGHT OF RISKS RELATING TO DIGITAL SERVICES 53 PROPOSAL NO. 5 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUESTING REPORT ON DISCRIMINATION IN CHARITABLE SUPPORT 56 PROPOSAL NO. 6 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL FOR DUAL-CLASS SUNSET 59 PROPOSAL NO. 7 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUESTING REPORT ON RISKS OF POLITICIZED DIVESTMENTS 62 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 64 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 65 OTHER MATTERS 68 i Table of Contents AIRBNB, INC. 888 Brannan Street, 3rd Floor San Francisco, California 94103 PROXY STATEMENT 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date: June 5, 2026 Time: 10:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time Place: 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) to be held virtually via a live webcast please visit www.proxydocs.com/ABNB for more details. To attend the Annual Meeting, you must register in advance at www.proxydocs.com/ABNB. Upon completing your registration, you will receive further instructions via email, including your unique link that will allow you to access the meeting and provide you with the ability to submit questions. Please be sure to follow the instructions found on the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ), proxy card and/or voting instruction card, as well as any subsequent instructions that will be delivered to you via email. The Record Date for the Annual Meeting is April 8, 2026. Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on this date, or holders of a valid proxy, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and any postponement, continuation, or adjournment thereof. On or about April 24, 2026, we expect to mail to stockholders entitled to vote the Notice of Internet Availability containing instructions on how to access our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. If you requested printed versions by mail, your printed proxy materials also include the proxy card or voting instruction form for the Annual Meeting. In this proxy statement, Airbnb, Company, our, us, and we, refer to Airbnb, Inc. Registering for and Attending the Annual Meeting We look forward to welcoming our stockholders to the Annual Meeting. We are holding a virtual Annual Meeting to provide our stockholders the opportunity to access and experience the Annual Meeting in a consistent and convenient manner across the globe. We believe hosting the Annual Meeting virtually is essential for a consistent experience. Moreover, we also believe a virtual meeting will reduce the environmental impact associated with hosting an in-person meeting. We have designed the virtual meeting to provide the same rights and opportunities to participate as stockholders would have at an in-person meeting, including the right to vote and ask questions during the meeting through the virtual meeting platform. To attend the Annual Meeting, you must register in advance at www.proxydocs.com/ABNB. You will need the unique control number included in your proxy materials to register for the Annual Meeting. Upon completing your registration, you will receive further instructions via email, including your unique link that will allow you to access the meeting and provide you with the ability to submit questions. Please be sure to follow the instructions found on the Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card and/or voting instruction card, as well as any subsequent instructions that will be delivered to you via email. If you do not comply with the procedures outlined above, you may not be admitted to the virtual Annual Meeting. Online access to the webcast will open approximately 15 minutes prior to the start of the Annual Meeting so that you may log in and test the computer audio system. Any recording of the Annual Meeting will not be allowed, including audio and video recording or photography. 1 Table of Contents We highly encourage you to vote your shares in advance using one of the methods described in this proxy statement to ensure that your vote will be represented at the Annual Meeting even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. We will have in place rules of conduct for the meeting and request the respectful conduct of all attendees at the Annual Meeting. Stockholders of record on the record date will be permitted to submit questions both in advance of and during the Annual Meeting. Questions must comply with the rules of conduct for the meeting. We retain discretion as to which stockholder questions to answer during the Annual Meeting, and may combine or group together substantially similar questions to avoid repetition. We reserve the right to edit profanity or other inappropriate language, as well as exclude questions that are not pertinent to meeting matters or Company business. Proxy Materials are Available on the Internet Airbnb uses the internet as the primary means of furnishing proxy materials to stockholders. We are sending a Notice of Internet Availability to our stockholders with instructions on how to access the proxy materials online or request a printed copy of the materials. Stockholders may follow the instructions in the Notice of Internet Availability to elect to receive any future proxy materials in print by mail or electronically by email. We highly encourage stockholders to take advantage of the availability of the proxy materials online as it is more convenient, helps reduce the environmental impact of this and future annual meetings, and would reduce Airbnb s printing and mailing costs. Airbnb proxy materials are also available at https://investors.airbnb.com. Householding Procedures Airbnb has adopted householding procedures. Under these householding procedures, Airbnb will deliver one single copy of the Notice of Internet Availability and, if printed versions are requested by mail, this proxy statement and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 to multiple stockholders who share the same address. This procedure will greatly reduce the environmental impact of our annual meetings and reduces Airbnb s printing and mailing costs. Stockholders who participate in householding will continue to receive separate proxy cards. Upon written or oral request, Airbnb will promptly deliver a separate copy of the Notice of Internet Availability and, if printed versions are requested by mail, copies of this proxy statement and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 to any stockholder that elects not to participate in householding. You may email, call, or write to Airbnb at the following email address, phone number, or address to request and receive, free of charge, a separate copy of the Notice of Internet Availability, this proxy statement or the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, or separate copies of any future notices, proxy statements, or annual reports: Airbnb, Inc. Investor Relations 888 Brannan Street, 3rd Floor San Francisco, California 94103 1-866-648-8133 Email: ir@airbnb.com We encourage you to contact the bank, broker, or other organization that holds your shares to elect into the householding procedures if you are receiving more than one copy of the proxy materials at a single address. Inspector of Election A representative of Mediant Communications will serve as the inspector of election during the Annual Meeting. Proxy Solicitation Costs We pay the entire cost of preparing, assembling, printing, mailing, and distributing these proxy materials. In addition, we may reimburse banks, brokers, and other custodians, nominees, and fiduciaries representing beneficial owners of shares for their expenses in forwarding solicitation 2 Table of Contents materials to such beneficial owners. Proxies may be solicited by certain of our directors, officers, and employees, personally or by mail, telephone, facsimile, email, or other means of communication (electronic or otherwise). No additional compensation will be paid for such services. Quorum for the Annual Meeting The holders of a majority in voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the stockholders. A quorum, once established at the Annual Meeting, will not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, a quorum is not present or represented at the Annual Meeting, then either (i) the person presiding over the meeting or (ii) a majority in voting power of the stockholders, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, will have power to recess the meeting or adjourn the meeting from time to time. As such, your shares will be counted for purposes of determining if there is a quorum if: You are entitled to vote and you are present virtually at the Annual Meeting; or You have properly voted by proxy prior to the meeting online, by phone, or by mail. Broker non-votes and abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. Voting Each share of Airbnb s Class A common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter, each share of Class B common stock is entitled to twenty votes on each matter, and each share of Class C or Class H common stock is entitled to no votes on each matter. Stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights. Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on the Record Date, or holders of a valid proxy, are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. As of the Record Date, there were 418,897,799 shares of Airbnb s Class A common stock issued and outstanding and 175,627,453 shares of Airbnb s Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Beneficial owners of shares held in street name as of the Record Date can vote using the methods described below. A list of the names of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available to stockholders for ten days prior to the Annual Meeting for any purpose germane to the Annual Meeting. Please contact annualmeeting@airbnb.com, if you wish to examine the list prior to the Annual Meeting. The stockholder list will also be available during the virtual Annual Meeting for examination by any stockholder. Stockholders of Record . You are a stockholder of record with respect to your shares if your shares are registered directly in your name with Airbnb s transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Beneficial Owners of Shares Held in Street Name . If your shares are held in an account at a bank, broker, or other organization, then you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to instruct the person or organization holding your shares how to vote your shares. Most individual stockholders are beneficial owners of shares held in street name. How to Vote There are four ways to vote: Online Prior to the Annual Meeting. You may vote by proxy by visiting www.proxydocs.com/ABNB and entering the unique control number found in your Notice of Internet Availability. Availability of online voting may depend on the voting procedures of the organization that holds your shares. Online During the Annual Meeting. To attend the Annual Meeting, you must register in advance at www.proxydocs.com/ABNB. Upon completing your registration, you will receive further instructions via email, including your unique link that will allow you to 3 Table of Contents access the meeting and vote during the meeting, and you will have the ability to submit questions. The Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time, and access will open approximately 15 minutes prior to the start of the Annual Meeting so that you may log in and test the computer audio. You may call the number provided in the email you receive approximately one hour prior to the start of the meeting if you experience technical difficulties during the check-in process or during the meeting. If you hold your shares through a broker, bank or other nominee (that is, in street name), you may be instructed to obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee and to submit a copy in advance of the meeting. Further instructions will be provided to you as part of your registration process. Phone. You will receive a proxy card or voting instruction form by mail if you requested printed copies of the proxy materials, and you may vote by proxy by calling the toll-free number found on the card or form. The availability of phone voting may depend on the voting procedures of the organization that holds your shares. Mail. You will receive a proxy card or voting instruction form by mail if you requested printed copies of the proxy materials, and you may vote by proxy by filling out the card or form and returning it in the envelope provided. All shares represented by valid proxies received prior to the vote at the Annual Meeting will be voted in accordance with the instructions and choice of stockholders with respect to any matter to be acted upon. We highly encourage you to vote your shares in advance online, by phone, or by mail to ensure that your vote will be represented at the Annual Meeting, even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. How to Revoke or Change your Vote You may revoke your proxy and change your vote at any time before the vote is formally held during the Annual Meeting. Online Prior to the Annual Meeting. You may change your vote using the online voting method described above, in which case only your latest internet proxy submitted prior to the Annual Meeting will be counted. Online During the Annual Meeting. You may change your vote by attending the Annual Meeting virtually and voting at the Annual Meeting. Attendance at the meeting will not cause your previously granted proxy to be revoked unless you specifically so request. Phone. You may change your vote using the phone voting method described above, in which case only your latest telephone proxy submitted prior to the Annual Meeting will be counted. Mail. You may revoke your proxy and change your vote by signing and returning a new proxy card or voting instruction form dated as of a later date, in which case only your latest proxy card or voting instruction form received prior to the Annual Meeting will be counted. Uninstructed Shares Stockholders of Record . If you are a stockholder of record and you: Indicate when voting online or by phone that you wish to vote as recommended by the board of directors; or Sign and return a proxy card without giving specific voting instructions, then the persons named as proxy holders by the Company, Brian Chesky, Elinor Mertz and Ronald A. Klain, will vote your shares in the manner recommended by the board of directors on all matters presented in this Proxy Statement and as they may determine in their best judgment with respect to any other matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. 4 Table of Contents Beneficial Owners of Shares Held in Street Name . If you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name and do not provide the bank or broker that holds your shares with specific voting instructions, then such bank or broker may generally vote your shares in their discretion on routine matters, but cannot vote on non-routine matters. The ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm is a routine matter all other proposals to be voted on at the Annual Meeting are non-routine matters. A broker non-vote will occur when these shares are not voted with respect to a particular proposal because the bank or broker does not receive voting instructions from you and does not have discretionary voting power over those shares. Proposals to be Submitted to Stockholders At the Annual Meeting, stockholders will consider and vote on the following matters: 1. To elect Nathan Blecharczyk, Alfred Lin and James Manyika as Class III Directors to serve until the 2029 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified; 2. To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026; 3. To approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation of our named executive officers ( Say-on-Pay Vote ); and 4. To consider the following four advisory (non-binding) stockholder proposals, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting: Oversight of Risk Relating to Digital Services; Report on Discrimination in Charitable Support; Dual-Class Sunset; and Report on Risks of Politicized Divestments. The stockholders will also act on any other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement, continuation or adjournment thereof. Vote Required to Approve a Proposal Proposal Votes Required Effect of Votes Withheld / Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes Proposal 1 Election of Directors The plurality of the votes cast. Stockholders will be given the choice to vote FOR or WITHHOLD votes for each nominee. Thus, the three nominees receiving the highest number of votes FOR their election will be elected. Votes withheld and broker non-votes will have no effect. Proposal 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes). Abstentions will have no effect. We do not expect any broker non-votes on this proposal. Proposal 3 Say-on-Pay Vote The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes). Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect. Proposal 4 Stockholder Proposal Oversight of Risks Relating to Digital Services The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes). Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect. Proposal 5 Stockholder Proposal Report on Discrimination in Charitable Support The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes). Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect. 5 Table of Contents Proposal Votes Required Effect of Votes Withheld / Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes Proposal 6 Stockholder Proposal Dual-Class Sunset The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes). Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect. Proposal 7 Stockholder Proposal Report on Risks of Politicized Divestments The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes). Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect. Preliminary voting results will be announced during the Annual Meeting, and final results will be tallied by the inspector of election after the taking of the vote at the Annual Meeting. Airbnb will publish the final voting results in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) within four business days following the Annual Meeting. Abstentions An abstention, in the case of the proposals to be voted on at the Annual Meeting, represents a stockholder s affirmative choice to decline to vote on a proposal. Abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. Abstentions otherwise have no effect on the proposals to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting. Broker-Non Votes Generally, broker non-votes occur when shares held by a broker in street name for a beneficial owner are not voted with respect to a particular proposal because the broker (1) has not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner and (2) lacks discretionary voting power to vote those shares. A broker is typically entitled to vote shares held for a beneficial owner on routine matters, such as the ratification of the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm, without instructions from the beneficial owner of those shares. On the other hand, absent instructions from the beneficial owner of such shares, a broker is not entitled to vote shares held for a beneficial owner on non-routine matters, such as the election of directors, the Say-on-Pay Vote and the stockholder proposals. Broker non-votes are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. Confidentiality of Votes Airbnb highly respects your voting privacy. Any instructions, ballots, tabulations or material that identify individual stockholders are handled in a manner that protects your voting privacy. Airbnb will not disclose the proxy instructions or ballots of individual shareholders, except: To allow for the tabulation and certification of votes; To facilitate a successful proxy solicitation; To assert claims for Airbnb; To defend claims against Airbnb; and As necessary to meet applicable legal requirements. If you write comments on your proxy card or ballot, the proxy card or ballot may be forwarded to Airbnb s management and the board of directors to review your comments. Matters for Inclusion in the Proxy Materials for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Stockholders who wish to submit matters for inclusion in the proxy materials for the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, other than nominations of directors, should submit them by email to stockholderproposals@airbnb.com. The Company will reply to confirm receipt of any submissions. If a stockholder emails a proposal and does not receive a prompt confirmation in reply, we strongly encourage the stockholder to follow up to request a confirmation of receipt. Proposals must be received on or before December 25, 2026. All proposals must comply with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 6 Table of Contents Director Nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Airbnb s amended and restated bylaws require advanced notice of any stockholder proposal for nomination of candidates for election as a director. Any stockholder considering a proposal for nomination of candidates for election as a director should carefully review Airbnb s amended and restated bylaws, which describe the timing, procedural and substantive requirements for such proposal. The proposals for director nominations must be received no earlier than February 5, 2027 and no later than March 7, 2027. The proposal for director nominations must be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Company s Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company, in writing and in proper form, and must set forth the information required by Airbnb s amended and restated bylaws. In addition to satisfying the foregoing requirements under Airbnb s amended and restated bylaws, to comply with the universal proxy rules, stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than Airbnb s nominees must provide notice that sets forth the information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. Matters for Consideration at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, but not for Inclusion in the Proxy Materials Airbnb s amended and restated bylaws also require advanced notice of any stockholder proposal to be proposed other than the nomination of candidates for election as a director. Any stockholder considering such a proposal should carefully review Airbnb s amended and restated bylaws, which describe the timing, procedural and substantive requirements for such proposal. Matters for consideration at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, but not for inclusion in the proxy materials, must be received no earlier than February 5, 2027 and no later than March 7, 2027. The proposal must be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Company s Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company, in writing and in proper form, and must set forth the information required by Airbnb s amended and restated bylaws. In connection with the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, we intend to file a proxy statement and a WHITE proxy card with the SEC in connection with our solicitation of proxies for that meeting. 7 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our board of directors has nominated Nathan Blecharczyk, Alfred Lin and James Manyika as Class III director nominees for election at the Annual Meeting to hold office until the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2029, and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. If a nominee ceases to be a candidate for election by the time of the Annual Meeting (a contingency that the board of directors does not expect to occur), such proxies may be voted by the proxy holders in accordance with the recommendation of our board of directors. Recommendation of Board of Directors Our board of directors recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of Messrs. Blecharczyk, Lin and Manyika. Our Board of Directors Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our board of directors. The number of directors is fixed by our board of directors, subject to the terms of our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. Our board of directors currently consists of nine directors. In accordance with our restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors is divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. At each annual meeting of stockholders, a class of directors is elected for a three-year term to succeed the directors of the same class whose terms are then expiring. The term of the Class III directors elected at our Annual Meeting will begin at the Annual Meeting and end at our 2029 annual meeting of stockholders, or, if later, when such director s successor has been elected and has qualified. The following table provides certain information regarding each of our directors as of April 24, 2026. Name Age Class Independent Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee People and Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Stakeholder Committee Brian Chesky 44 I Member Angela Ahrendts 65 I Yes Chair Member Kenneth Chenault 74 I Yes Member Member Amrita Ahuja 46 II Yes Chair Joseph Gebbia 44 II Member Jeffrey Jordan 67 II Yes Member Chair Nathan Blecharczyk 42 III Member Alfred Lin 53 III Yes Member Member James Manyika 60 III Yes Chair Director Biographies Class I Directors Brian Chesky. Mr. Chesky co-founded our Company in 2008 and serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Chesky is also a member of our board of directors. Mr. Chesky received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Industrial Design from the Rhode Island School of Design. We believe that Mr. Chesky is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of the perspective and experience he brings as our Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer. Angela Ahrendts. Ms. Ahrendts joined our board of directors in May 2019. Ms. Ahrendts served as Senior Vice President, Retail at Apple Inc. ( Apple ), a publicly-held technology company, from May 2014 to May 2019. Prior to joining Apple, Ms. Ahrendts served as a director and Chief Executive Officer of Burberry plc, a global luxury fashion company, from July 2006 to April 2014. Ms. Ahrendts also previously served as Executive Vice President at Liz Claiborne Inc. and President of Donna Karan International, both then publicly-held global fashion companies. Ms. Ahrendts has served as a director of the Ralph Lauren Corporation, a publicly-held fashion company, since August 2018. 8 Table of Contents Ms. Ahrendts has served as a director of WPP plc, a publicly-held creative transformation company with expertise in communications, experience, commerce and technology, since June 2020. Ms. Ahrendts also serves on non-profits boards, including Save the Children International (as Chairman), charity: water and on advisory boards, including Sa d Business School University of Oxford, The HOW Institute for Society, and Imagine. Ms. Ahrendts received a Bachelor of Arts in Marketing and Merchandising from Ball State University. We believe that Ms. Ahrendts is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of her extensive experience advising technology companies and other public companies as both a director and executive. Kenneth Chenault. Mr. Chenault joined our board of directors in January 2018. Since February 2018, Mr. Chenault has served as Chairman and Managing Director of General Catalyst, a venture capital firm. Mr. Chenault has served on the board of directors of Catalyst Partners Acquisition Corp., a publicly-held investment company, since May 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Chenault held roles of increasing responsibility at the American Express Company, a publicly-held diversified financial services company, joining American Express in 1993 and serving as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from April 2001 through January 2018. Mr. Chenault has served on the board of directors of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a publicly-held multinational conglomerate holding company, since May 2020. Mr. Chenault also served on the board of directors of International Business Machines Corporation, a publicly-held multinational technology company, from October 1998 to February 2019, The Procter Gamble Company, a publicly-held global consumer goods company, from April 2008 to February 2019, and Meta Platforms, Inc. (formerly Facebook, Inc.), a publicly-held global technology company, from February 2018 to May 2020. Mr. Chenault received a Bachelor of Arts in History from Bowdoin College and a Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School. We believe that Mr. Chenault is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his extensive experience advising public companies as both a director and executive. Class II Directors Amrita Ahuja. Ms. Ahuja joined our board of directors in December 2021. Ms. Ahuja has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Block, Inc. (formerly known as Square, Inc.), a publicly-held financial services and digital payments company, since January 2019, and as the Chief Operating Officer of Block, Inc. since February 2023. From March 2018 to January 2019, Ms. Ahuja served as the Chief Financial Officer of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc., a division of Activision Blizzard, Inc. Beginning in June 2010, Ms. Ahuja served in various positions at Activision Blizzard, Inc., including as Senior Vice President of Investor Relations from January 2015 to May 2018, Vice President, Finance and Operations from August 2012 to January 2015 and Vice President, Strategy and Business Development from June 2010 to August 2012. Prior to that, Ms. Ahuja was a Director of Business Development at Fox Networks Group, served in strategic planning at the Walt Disney Company from 2003 to 2005 and worked in investment banking at Morgan Stanley from 2001 to 2003. Ms. Ahuja has served as a member of the board of directors of Discord, Inc., a privately held voice, video and text platform, since January 2022. Ms. Ahuja received a Bachelor of Arts from Duke University and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School. We believe that Ms. Ahuja is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of her extensive operating experience at technology companies. Joseph Gebbia. Mr. Gebbia co-founded our Company in 2008 and serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Gebbia received dual degrees in Graphic Design and Industrial Design from the Rhode Island School of Design. Since September 2022, Mr. Gebbia has served on the board of directors of Tesla, Inc., a publicly-held automotive and clean energy company. We believe that Mr. Gebbia is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of the perspective and experience he brings as our Co-Founder. Jeffrey Jordan. Mr. Jordan joined our board of directors in August 2011. Mr. Jordan serves as a general partner of Andreessen Horowitz, a venture capital firm, which he joined as a general partner in July 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Jordan served as the Chief Executive Officer of OpenTable, Inc., the online restaurant-reservation service company, from 2007 to 2011. From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Jordan served as President of PayPal, Inc., a digital payments company, which was then owned by eBay, Inc. For five years prior to that, Mr. Jordan served as Senior Vice President and General Manager for eBay North America. Prior to that, Mr. Jordan served as Chief Financial Officer for Hollywood Entertainment Corporation, a video rental company, and then President of its subsidiary, 9 Table of Contents Reel.com. Previously, Mr. Jordan served in various capacities at The Walt Disney Company for eight years, most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Disney Store Worldwide. Before that he worked for The Boston Consulting Group. Mr. Jordan served as a member of the boards of directors of publicly-traded companies, including OpenTable, Inc. from 2007 until 2013 (then a publicly-traded company), Pinterest, Inc. from October 2011 until May 2024, Accolade, Inc. from July 2016 to April 2025 and Maplebear Inc. (d/b/a Instacart) from June 2014 until May 2024. Mr. Jordan is also a member of the board of directors for several private companies. Mr. Jordan received a Bachelor of Arts from Amherst College and a Master of Business Administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. We believe that Mr. Jordan is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his significant managerial experience at global technology companies. Class III Directors Nathan Blecharczyk. Mr. Blecharczyk co-founded our Company in 2008 and serves as our Chief Strategy Officer. Mr. Blecharczyk is also a member of our board of directors. Mr. Blecharczyk received a Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science from Harvard University and held several engineering positions before co-founding Airbnb. We believe that Mr. Blecharczyk is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of the perspective and experience he brings as our Co-Founder and Chief Strategy Officer. Alfred Lin. Mr. Lin joined our board of directors in November 2012. Since October 2010, Mr. Lin has been a partner at Sequoia Capital Operations LLC ( Sequoia ), a venture capital firm. Mr. Lin represents Sequoia on our board of directors as well as on the board of directors of several other companies, including DoorDash, a publicly-held food-delivery and local logistics platform, since 2014, and Houzz Inc., a privately-held online home designs and furnishings platform, since 2011. From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Lin served as Vice President of Finance and Administration of LinkExchange, a banner advertising exchange acquired by Microsoft Corporation ( Microsoft ). From June 1999 to December 2014, Mr. Lin served as Co-Founder and General Manager at Venture Frogs, LLC, a seed fund that invested in companies such as Ask Jeeves, OpenTable, Inc., Tellme Networks, Inc., and Zappos.com Inc. ( Zappos ). From January 2001 to June 2005, Mr. Lin served as Vice President of Finance and Business Development of Tellme Networks, a voice recognition services and platform company acquired by Microsoft. From January 2005 to December 2010, Mr. Lin served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Operating Officer of Zappos, an online retailer acquired by Amazon.com, Inc. Mr. Lin holds a Bachelor of Arts in Applied Mathematics from Harvard University and a Master of Science in Statistics from Stanford University. We believe that Mr. Lin is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his extensive experience in the venture capital industry, his business and leadership experience, and his knowledge of scaling technology companies. James Manyika. Mr. Manyika joined our board of directors in September 2023. Mr. Manyika has served as the Senior Vice President of Research, Labs, Technology Society at Google LLC, a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc., since January 2022. Mr. Manyika has also served as a senior partner emeritus at McKinsey Company, a global management consulting firm ( McKinsey ) since January 2022, and Chairman and Director Emeritus of McKinsey Global Institute. Prior to that, he was a senior partner at McKinsey from 2006 to January 2021, a member of McKinsey s Shareholders Council (its board of directors) from 2016 to January 2022 and Chairman and director of McKinsey Global Institute from 2009 to 2021. Mr. Manyika has served on the Executive Advisory Board of General Atlantic LLC since 2021. In addition, Mr. Manyika previously served as Vice Chair of the Global Development Council at the White House under President Barack Obama from December 2012 to January 2017 and served on several national and international task forces, including as Vice Chair of the National AI Advisory Committee to advise the President and White House on AI from 2022 until 2025. Mr. Manyika serves on the board of several research institutes and philanthropic foundations. Mr. Manyika is a Rhodes Scholar and received a Doctor of Philosophy in AI and Robotics, Master of Science in Mathematics and Computer Science, and Master of Arts from Oxford University, and a Bachelor of Science first class in electrical engineering from the University of Zimbabwe. We believe that Mr. Manyika is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his extensive experience advising technology companies, his knowledge and research of technology s impact on business, and his business and leadership experience. 10 Table of Contents Family Relationships There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. Vote Required Each director is elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Votes withheld and broker non-votes will have no effect. 11 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Independence Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment, and affiliations, our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Chenault, Jordan, Lin and Manyika and Mses. Ahrendts and Ahuja qualify as independent directors in accordance with the Listing Rules (the Nasdaq Listing Rules ) of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. Under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, the definition of independence includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director nor any of his or her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. Our board of directors has made a subjective determination as to each independent director that no relationships exist that, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Messrs. Blecharczyk, Chesky and Gebbia are not considered independent. In making these determinations, our board of directors reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s relationships as they may relate to us and our management, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each director, and the transactions involving them described in the section titled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. Lead Director Our corporate governance guidelines provide that one of our independent directors will serve as the lead director at any time when the Chair of our board of directors is a member of management or is otherwise not independent. Our board of directors has appointed Mr. Chenault to serve as our lead director. As lead director, Mr. Chenault presides over all meetings of the board of directors at which the Chair is not present, including any executive sessions of the independent directors, approves board of directors meeting schedules and agendas, and acts as the liaison between the independent directors and our Chief Executive Officer and the Chair of the board of directors. Classified Board of Directors In accordance with our restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors is divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. At each annual general meeting of stockholders, the successors to directors whose terms then expire will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following election. Our directors are divided among the three classes as follows: the Class I directors are Messrs. Chesky and Chenault, and Ms. Ahrendts, and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2027; the Class II directors are Messrs. Gebbia and Jordan, and Ms. Ahuja, and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2028; and the Class III directors are Messrs. Blecharczyk, Lin and Manyika, and their terms will expire at this Annual Meeting. We expect that any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. Leadership Structure of the Board of Directors Our board of directors recognizes that one of its key responsibilities is to evaluate and determine its optimal leadership structure so as to provide effective oversight of management. Our amended and restated bylaws and corporate governance guidelines provide our board of directors with flexibility to combine or separate the positions of Chairperson of the board of directors and chief executive officer. Our board of directors currently believes that our existing leadership structure, under which our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Chesky, serves as Chairperson of our board of directors and Mr. Chenault serves as lead director, is effective. Our board of directors will continue to periodically review our leadership structure and may make such changes in the future as it deems appropriate. 12 Table of Contents Role of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight Process Risk assessment and oversight are an integral part of our governance and management processes. Our board of directors encourages management to promote a culture that incorporates risk management into our corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations. Management discusses strategic and operational risks at regular management meetings and conducts specific strategic planning and review sessions during the year that include a focused discussion and analysis of the risks facing us. Throughout the year, senior management and the audit, risk and compliance committee review these risks with the board of directors at regular board meetings as part of management presentations that focus on particular business functions, operations, or strategies, and present the steps taken by management to mitigate or eliminate such risks. Our board of directors administers this oversight function directly, as well as through various standing committees of our board of directors that address risks inherent in their respective areas of oversight. While our board of directors is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, our audit, risk and compliance committee is responsible for overseeing our major financial and operational risk exposures and the steps our management has taken to monitor and control these exposures, including, but not limited to, oversight of management s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program. The Chair of the audit, risk and compliance committee also approves or disapproves any related party transactions, and all such approved transactions must be ratified by the audit, risk and compliance committee during the meetings held at least once during each fiscal quarter. Our nominating and corporate governance committee monitors the effectiveness of our corporate governance guidelines. Our people and compensation committee assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation policies and programs has the potential to encourage excessive risk-taking. Meetings of Board of Directors and Attendance Members of our board of directors are expected to regularly prepare for and attend meetings of the board of directors and committees on which they sit. A director who is unable to attend a meeting of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors is expected to notify the Chairperson of the board of directors or the Chairperson of the appropriate committee in advance of such meeting, and, whenever possible, participate in such meeting via teleconference in the case of an in-person meeting. Our board of directors met four times during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. During 2025, all of our directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of board of directors meetings and committee meetings on which he or she then served. Members of our board of directors are encouraged to attend annual meetings of stockholders; however, we do not maintain a formal policy regarding director attendance at annual meetings. All of our directors attended the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has established an audit, risk and compliance committee, a people and compensation committee, a nominating and corporate governance committee, and a stakeholder committee. Our board of directors may establish other committees to facilitate the management of our business. The composition and functions of each committee are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our board of directors. Each of our audit, risk and compliance committee, people and compensation committee, and nominating and corporate governance committee have adopted a written charter that satisfies the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq Listing Rules, which are available on our website at https://investors.airbnb.com under Governance. 13 Table of Contents Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee Our audit, risk and compliance committee oversees our corporate accounting and financial reporting process as well as reviews our risk management and exposures. Among other matters, the audit, risk and compliance committee: appoints and oversees our independent registered public accounting firm; evaluates the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence, and performance; determines the engagement, compensation, and retention of the independent registered public accounting firm; reviews and approves the scope of the annual audit and pre-approves the audit and non-audit fees and services; reviews and discusses the design, implementation, adequacy and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting with management and the independent registered public accounting firm; the Chair of the audit, risk and compliance committee reviews and approves all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and all such approved transactions must be ratified by the audit, risk and compliance committee during the meetings held at least once during each fiscal quarter; reviews procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of any complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters; discusses with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the results of the annual audit and the review of our quarterly financial statements; approves the retention of the independent registered public accounting firm to perform any proposed permissible non-audit services; discusses with management on a periodic basis, or as appropriate, policies and procedures with respect to risk assessment and risk management; establishes processes with respect to risk assessment, risk management and risk oversight, including responsibility for oversight of risks and exposures associated with financial matters, particularly financial reporting, tax, accounting, disclosure, internal control over financial reporting, investment guidelines and credit and liquidity matters, programs, plans and policies relating to legal and regulatory compliance and strategy, and operational infrastructure, particularly reliability, business continuity, capacity, security, and data privacy, including cybersecurity; is responsible for reviewing our financial statements and our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to be included in our annual and quarterly reports, including the audit, risk and compliance committee report for inclusion in the annual proxy statements, to be filed with the SEC; reviews earnings press releases, as well as financial information and earnings guidance; reviews reports regarding ethics and compliance matters and volumes and trends related thereto and reports to the board of directors periodically with respect to significant matters received through the ethics helpline and any related investigations and requests any additional information from our Chief Legal Officer or Chief Ethics Officer; oversees our internal audit department; reviews and discusses with management and the independent registered public accounting firm critical accounting policies; 14 Table of Contents reviews the chief executive officer and chief financial officer disclosure and certifications under Section 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; reviews, evaluates and recommends to our board of directors, if appropriate, any contemplated waivers of provisions of the code of ethics involving our executive officers and directors; and reviews the audit, risk and compliance committee charter and the audit, risk and compliance committee s performance on an annual basis. Our audit, risk and compliance committee consists of Ms. Ahuja and Messrs. Jordan and Lin. Our board of directors has determined that all members of our audit committee are independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. The Chair of our audit, risk and compliance committee is Ms. Ahuja. Our board of directors has determined that each of Ms. Ahuja and Messrs. Jordan and Lin is an audit committee financial expert as such term is currently defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Our board of directors has also determined that each member of our audit, risk and compliance committee can read and understand fundamental consolidated financial statements, in accordance with applicable requirements. Our audit, risk and compliance committee met seven times during 2025. People and Compensation Committee Our people and compensation committee oversees policies relating to the compensation and benefits of our executive officers and directors, and reviews policies, programs, and initiatives focusing on leadership development and belonging. Among other matters, the people and compensation committee: reviews and approves the corporate goals and objectives relevant to compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, evaluates the performance of our Chief Executive Officer in light of these goals and objectives and, based upon this evaluation (either alone or, if directed by the board of directors, in conjunction with a majority of the independent directors), approves our Chief Executive Officer s compensation; reviews and sets or makes recommendations to the board of directors regarding the compensation of our executive officers other than our Chief Executive Officer; reviews and makes recommendations to the board of directors regarding director compensation; reviews and approves any severance agreement arrangements for our executive officers; reviews and approves or makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding our incentive compensation plans and arrangements, retirement plans, and equity-based plans; reviews and discusses with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in our annual report on Form 10-K or annual proxy statement; administers and oversees compliance with our compensation recovery policy; reviews and discusses annually with management and our board of directors our compensation philosophy and practices, including executive and employee incentive compensation plans and arrangements, to determine whether they are aligned with our goal of serving all stakeholders over the long term; reviews and discusses annually with management the risks arising from our compensation philosophy and practices to determine whether they encourage excessive risk-taking; reviews policies, programs, and initiatives focusing on inclusion and belonging; and reviews the people and compensation committee charter and the people and compensation committee s performance on an annual basis. 15 Table of Contents Our people and compensation committee consists of Ms. Ahrendts and Messrs. Chenault and Lin. Our board of directors has determined that all members of our people and compensation committee are independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules and are non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Chair of our people and compensation committee is Ms. Ahrendts. The people and compensation committee has engaged Semler Brossy Consulting Group ( Semler Brossy ) to provide guidance regarding the amount and types of compensation that we provide to our executives. Semler Brossy reports directly to the people and compensation committee and did not provide any services to us other than the services relating to executive and director compensation. For additional information on the role of the compensation consultant and management in the determination of compensation, please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Determination of Compensation. The people and compensation committee met five times during 2025. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for making recommendations to our board of directors regarding candidates for directorships and the size and composition of our board of directors. In addition, the nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for overseeing our corporate governance policies and making recommendations to our board of directors concerning governance matters. Among other matters, the nominating and corporate governance committee: reviews and makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding director independence determinations; reviews, evaluates, and, as applicable, proposes and approves, stockholder recommended nominees for election to our board of directors; reviews annually the nominating and corporate governance committee structure and membership; oversees the annual self-evaluations of our board of directors and management; reviews and makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding Section 16 officer determinations; and reviews the nominating and corporate governance committee charter and the nominating and corporate governance committee s performance on an annual basis. Our nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Messrs. Chenault and Jordan. Our board of directors has determined that all members of the nominating and corporate governance committee are independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Chair of our nominating and corporate governance committee is Mr. Jordan. The nominating and corporate governance committee met three times during 2025. Stakeholder Committee The purpose of the stakeholder committee is to assist our board of directors in considering and monitoring the interests of our key stakeholders, which include hosts, guests, the communities within which we operate, employees, and shareholders. The stakeholder committee carries out its responsibilities in a manner that it determines is appropriate given the needs and circumstances of the Company and the board of directors as they may exist from time to time. Our stakeholder committee is advisory in nature. It consists of Messrs. Blecharczyk, Chesky, Gebbia and Manyika and Ms. Ahrendts. The Chair of our stakeholder committee is Mr. Manyika. 16 Table of Contents Serving our Stakeholders Airbnb aspires to operate as a true 21st century company to us, that means that in the long run, and when approached with creativity, we can benefit all of our stakeholders our hosts, our guests, the communities in which we operate, our employees and our shareholders. These are the ideas at the core of Airbnb: Our community is based on connection and belonging. Our creativity allows us to imagine new possibilities for people. Our responsibility is to all of our stakeholders. In the end, they share a common thread a fundamental belief that people are good and we re in this together. This is what makes Airbnb, Airbnb. From time to time, we make available on our Investor Relations website information about our commitment to serving all of our stakeholders, including our approach to certain environmental, social and governance topics (at https://investors.airbnb.com under Governance Sustainability ). Neither this information, nor any other information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is incorporated by reference into, or constitutes a part of, this proxy statement. Identifying and Evaluating Director Nominees Our nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors and ensuring that our board of directors has the requisite expertise and that its membership consists of persons with sufficiently diverse and independent backgrounds. Our nominating and corporate governance committee, in recommending director candidates for election to our board of directors, and our board of directors, in nominating director candidates, is expected to consider candidates who have a high level of personal and professional integrity, strong ethics and values, and the ability to make mature business judgments. In evaluating director candidates, our nominating and corporate governance committee and the board of directors may also consider the following criteria as well as any other factor that they deem to be relevant: the candidate s experience in corporate management, such as serving as an officer or former officer of a publicly-held company; the candidate s experience as a board member of another publicly-held company; the candidate s professional and academic experience relevant to our Company s industry; the strength of the candidate s leadership skills; the candidate s experience in finance and accounting and/or executive compensation practices; and whether the candidate has the time required for preparation, participation, and attendance at meetings of our board of directors and committee meetings, if applicable. Other than the foregoing, there are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees, although our nominating and corporate governance committee may also consider such other factors as it may deem, from time to time, are in our and our stockholders best interests. Our board of directors evaluates each individual in the context of the board of directors as a whole, with the objective of assembling a group that can best maximize the success of the business and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment using its diversity of skills, backgrounds, and experience in these various areas. Although the nominating and corporate governance committee may consider whether nominees assist in achieving a mix of board members that represent an appropriate range of background and experience, we have no formal policy regarding board diversity. 17 Table of Contents Stockholders may recommend individuals to our nominating and corporate governance committee for consideration as potential director candidates by submitting the names of the recommended individuals, together with appropriate biographical information and background materials, to the attention of our Secretary at annualmeeting@airbnb.com. In the event there is a vacancy, and assuming that appropriate biographical and background material has been provided on a timely basis, our nominating and corporate governance committee will evaluate stockholder-recommended candidates by following substantially the same process, and applying substantially the same criteria, as it follows for candidates submitted by others. Board Composition Our board of directors composition reflects a mix of perspectives, experiences and skill sets, which the nominating and corporate governance committee believes helps to contribute to the overall functioning of the board of directors. Based on our directors self-identified demographic information: 2 of our directors identify as female; 7 of our directors identify as male; 2 of our directors identify as African American or Black; 2 of our directors identify as Asian; and 5 of our directors identify as White. Nominating Agreement The Company and Messrs. Blecharczyk, Chesky, and Gebbia, referred to in this proxy statement as our founders, have entered into a Nominating Agreement, dated November 27, 2020 ( Nominating Agreement ), under which we and the founders are required, upon the terms set forth in the Nominating Agreement, to (i) include our founders in the slate of nominees nominated by our board of directors for the applicable class of directors for election by our stockholders, and (ii) include such nomination of our founders in our proxy statement. In addition, we must use reasonable efforts to, and the founders must take all necessary action to, recommend in favor of each founder s election as a director, and to solicit proxies or consents in favor of their election. The obligations with respect to each founder will terminate upon the earliest to occur of (1) such founder s resignation from our board of directors, (2) such founder s death or disability, (3) such founder s removal from our board of directors for cause, (4) the expiration of such founder s term if such founder has given notice of his intention not to stand for re-election, and (5) the date upon which the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by such founder falls below ten percent of the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by such founder as of September 30, 2020. The Nominating Agreement will remain in effect until the earliest of (a) the date on which our and the founders obligations have terminated with respect to all of the founders, (b) the time at which all outstanding shares of Class B common stock automatically convert to Class A common stock, and (c) immediately prior to a change of control. The conversion of our Class B common stock to Class A common stock is provided for in our restated certificate of incorporation. Founder Voting Agreement Our founders have entered into a Voting Agreement, dated December 4, 2020 ( Founder Voting Agreement ), under which each founder and his affiliated and certain other entities have agreed, upon the terms set forth in the Founder Voting Agreement, to vote their shares for the election of each founder to our board of directors, and to vote against their removal. Pursuant to the Founder Voting Agreement, each founder granted a voting proxy to the other founders to vote such shares in the manner described in the preceding sentence to be effective upon death or disability, and if there are two remaining founders who are not disabled, such voting proxy will be apportioned between such founders based on their relative voting power. The Founder Voting Agreement will be in effect until: (i) with respect to each founder, upon the conversion of such founder s shares to Class A common stock in connection with his death or disability (which will occur automatically upon the nine-month anniversary of any such death or disability), and (ii) with respect to all founders, the time at which all outstanding shares of Class B common stock automatically convert to Class A common stock. The conversion of our Class B common stock to Class A common stock is provided for in our restated certificate of incorporation. 18 Table of Contents People and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During 2025, Ms. Ahrendts and Messrs. Chenault and Lin served as members of our people and compensation committee. None of the members of the people and compensation committee is currently, or has been at any time, one of our executive officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or has served during the last year, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors or on our people and compensation committee. 19 Table of Contents Airbnb Code of Ethics and Related Policies We have adopted a written code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including those officers responsible for financial reporting. The full text of our code of ethics is posted on our website at https://investors.airbnb.com under Governance. Any substantive amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the code of ethics that applies to our directors or our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions will be disclosed on our website. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute part of this proxy statement. In addition to our code of ethics, we currently maintain related policies, including our conflict of interest policy; whistleblower policy; anti-bribery and corruption policy; acceptable use policy; insider trading policy; and global harassment, bullying, discrimination retaliation prevention policy. Company Policies Regarding Hedging and Pledging Executive officers, members of the board of directors, employees and independent contractors may not directly or indirectly engage in transactions intended to hedge or offset the market value of Airbnb stock owned by them. In addition, pledging of Airbnb stock by executive officers and members of the board of directors as collateral for loans and investments is prohibited absent approval by the board of directors, and such pledge shall not exceed 5% of the outstanding shares of Company securities held by such officer or director and such loan shall not exceed an aggregate amount of $50 million. Transactions involving certain exchange funds may be permitted, subject to pre-clearance in advance. Insider Trading Policy We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers and employees that are designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules, as well as procedures designed to further the foregoing purposes. We also follow procedures for our repurchase of our securities. A copy of our insider trading policy was filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Communications with our Board of Directors Stockholders wishing to communicate with our board of directors should send correspondence to the attention of our Secretary at annualmeeting@airbnb.com, and should include with the correspondence evidence that the sender of the communication is one of our stockholders. Satisfactory evidence would include, for example, contemporaneous correspondence from a brokerage firm indicating the identity of the stockholder and the number of shares held. Our Secretary or Assistant Secretary will review correspondence confirmed to be from stockholders in conjunction with the Chairperson of the board of directors, who will decide whether or not to forward the correspondence or a summary of the correspondence to the full board of directors or a committee thereof. Our Secretary or Assistant Secretary and the Chairperson of our board of directors will review all stockholder correspondence, but the decision to relay that correspondence to the full board of directors or a committee thereof will rest entirely within the discretion of the Chairperson. Our Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our current executive officers as of April 24, 2026: Name Age Position Brian Chesky* 44 Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder, and Chairman of the Board Nathan Blecharczyk* 42 Chief Strategy Officer, Co-Founder, and Director Elinor Mertz 49 Chief Financial Officer * Messrs. Chesky and Blecharczyk are members of our board of directors. See Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Director Biographies for more information about Messrs. Chesky and Blecharczyk. 20 Table of Contents Elinor Mertz. Ms. Mertz has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since March 2024. Ms. Mertz previously served as the Company s Vice President of Finance from January 2019 until March 2024 and as Head of Global Financial Planning Analysis from February 2013 to January 2019. Prior to joining Airbnb in 2013, she served as Vice President, Finance Investor Relations at Netflix, Inc., where she held various finance roles from 2006 to 2013. Ms. Mertz has served on the boards of DoorDash, Inc., a publicly-held food-delivery and local logistics platform, since July 2022, Netflix, Inc., a publicly held entertainment service, since June 2025 and Faire Wholesale, Inc., a privately-held eCommerce company from 2022 to 2025. She holds a Bachelor of Arts in Science, Technology Society and a Master of Arts in History from Stanford University, a Master of Business Administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business, and a Master of International Affairs from Columbia University. 21 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Our audit, risk and compliance committee has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. Although ratification of our appointment of PwC is not required, we value the opinions of our stockholders and believe it is good corporate governance that stockholders ratify the appointment of PwC. PwC also served as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. PwC has served as our independent auditor since 2011. Neither the accounting firm nor any of its members has any direct or indirect financial interest in or any connection with us in any capacity other than as our auditors, providing audit and non-audit related services. If the appointment of PwC is not ratified by the stockholders, the audit, risk and compliance committee will consider this fact when it appoints the independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2027. Even if the appointment of PwC is ratified, the audit, risk and compliance committee retains the discretion to appoint a different independent auditor at any time if it determines that such a change is in the best interest of the Company. Representatives of PwC are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting, will have an opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so, and will be available to respond to questions. Recommendation of Board of Directors Our board of directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment by the audit, risk and compliance committee of PwC as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following table summarizes the fees of PwC, our independent registered public accounting firm, related to each of the last two fiscal years. Fee Category (in thousands) 2025 2024 Audit Fees(1) $ 11,480 $ 10,675 Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees(2) 1,500 944 All Other Fees(3) 370 364 Total Fees $ 13,350 $ 11,983 (1) Consists of fees incurred for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements, reviews of our quarterly consolidated financial statements, statutory audits of our domestic and international subsidiaries, issuances of consents and similar matters. (2) Consists of fees for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and international tax compliance, assistance with tax reporting requirements and audit compliance, value-added tax compliance, mergers and acquisitions tax compliance, and tax advice on international, federal and state tax matters. (3) Consists of fees for permitted products and services other than those that meet the criteria above. Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures The audit, risk and compliance committee has adopted a pre-approval policy that sets forth procedures and conditions pursuant to which audit and non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditor may be pre-approved. The audit, risk and compliance committee pre-approved all services provided by PwC for 2025 in accordance with this policy. Report of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee The material in this report is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall the material in this section be deemed to be soliciting material or incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other document filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise expressly stated in such filing. 22 Table of Contents The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors of Airbnb, Inc. (the Company ) operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. The primary role of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities by reviewing the financial information proposed to be provided to stockholders and others, the adequacy of the system of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures established by management and the Board of Directors, and the audit process and our independent auditor s qualifications, independence and performance. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining our system of internal controls and preparing our financial statements. Our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ), is responsible for performing an audit of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and issuing an opinion on the financial statements. The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee has met and held discussions with management and PwC, and has also met separately with PwC, without management present, to review the adequacy of our internal controls, financial reporting practices and audit process. The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee has reviewed and discussed our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 with management and PwC. As part of this review, the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee discussed with PwC the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the SEC. The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from PwC required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding PwC s communications with the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with PwC its independence. Based on the above-mentioned reviews and discussions with management and PwC, the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 as filed with the SEC. Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee Amrita Ahuja (Chair) Jeffrey Jordan Alfred Lin Vote Required Approval of Proposal No. 2 requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes). Abstentions will have no effect and we do not expect any broker non-votes on this proposal. 23 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 3 APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY (NON-BINDING) BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS ( SAY-ON-PAY VOTE ) Background As required by Section 14A(a)(1) of the Exchange Act and related rules of the SEC, the below resolution provides our stockholders an opportunity to vote to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this proxy statement pursuant to the SEC s compensation disclosure rules. This proposal, commonly known as a say-on-pay proposal and vote, is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our named executive officers and the philosophy, policies and practices described in this proxy statement. After considering the voting results of the advisory vote on the frequency of our Say-On-Pay Vote at the 2021 annual meeting, our board of directors determined to hold our Say-on-Pay Vote every year. We encourage our stockholders to review the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation Tables sections of this proxy statement for additional detail regarding the compensation of our named executive officers. As an advisory approval, this proposal is not binding upon us, our board of directors or its people and compensation committee, which is responsible for the design and administration of our executive compensation program. However, the board of directors and the people and compensation committee value the opinions of our stockholders expressed through your vote on this proposal and continually consider stockholder feedback and the results of Say-on-Pay Votes when making future compensation decisions. Accordingly, we ask our stockholders to vote FOR the following resolution at the Annual Meeting: RESOLVED, that the stockholders of Airbnb, Inc. approve, on an advisory basis, the 2025 compensation of Airbnb, Inc. s named executive officers as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table and related compensation tables and narrative disclosure set forth in Airbnb, Inc. s Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Recommendation of Board of Directors Our board of directors recommends a vote FOR the resolution to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis of this proxy statement, the accompanying compensation tables and related narrative disclosure of this proxy statement. Vote Required Approval of Proposal No. 3 requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes). Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on this proposal. 24 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Overview This section explains the guiding principles and practices upon which our executive compensation program is based and the compensation paid to our named executive officers in 2025. For 2025, our named executive officers were: Brian Chesky, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer; Elinor Mertz, Chief Financial Officer; Nathan Blecharczyk, Co-Founder and Chief Strategy Officer; and Aristotle Balogh, Chief Technology Officer. (1) (1) Mr. Balogh departed from his role as an executive officer of the Company in December 2025 and entered into an advisory non-executive role. Executive Summary Business Context Our 2025 results demonstrated that we continue to drive growth and profitability at scale. Revenue increased by 10% to $12.2 billion compared to 2024, and Gross Booking Value increased by 12% to $91.3 billion compared to 2024. Our strong operating discipline resulted in net income of $2.5 billion during 2025, representing a 21% net income margin, and Adjusted EBITDA of $4.3 billion. Additionally, in 2025, we generated $4.6 billion in both Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities and Free Cash Flow. (2) Furthermore, we repurchased 29.7 million shares of Class A common stock for $3.8 billion during 2025 including this amount, we have repurchased a total of $10.9 billion of our Class A common stock since we announced our first share repurchase program in 2022, through December 31, 2025. During 2025, we saw continued growth across all geographic regions as demand for travel remained strong on our platform. We also continued to see supply growth across all regions in 2025, ending the year with over 9 million active listings. Over the past several years, we ve introduced over 800 features and upgrades as part of our efforts to improve the Airbnb platform for our guests and hosts. In 2025, we launched Airbnb Services and Experiences to expand our offerings and executed a series of product improvements that helped drive an acceleration in business performance, including Reserve Now, Pay Later, updated cancellations policies, and simplified fees. We also continued to advance our global markets strategy, expanding into less mature markets through locally tailored products, payment options and partnerships. Lastly, we introduced artificial intelligence ( AI )-powered customer support during the year, helping to drive improvements in both service quality and operational efficiency. We will continue to invest in our broader AI initiatives to create a more intelligent, personalized platform. (2) Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow are defined and reconciled from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP) on pages 36-38 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. More information regarding Gross Booking Value can also be found on page 36 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Executive Compensation Highlights We have established a set of guiding principles for our compensation program, intended to ensure a strong link to our strategy and culture, which guided the decisions that were made in 2025, as summarized below: Base salary and annual bonus increases. In 2025, our people and compensation committee decided to align our named executive officers compensation to a competitive market range by increasing base salaries and increasing target bonus percentages in the short-term cash incentive plan (the Bonus Plan ). All executives 25 Table of Contents except Mr. Chesky received modest increases in their base salaries coupled with larger increases in target annual bonus as a percentage of base salaries. Mr. Chesky continued to receive a $1 base salary and did not participate in our Bonus Plan. Bonus Plan payout of 100%. Our 2025 Bonus Plan is tied directly to our most critical operational and strategic priorities for the year. At the beginning of the year, we established key Company priorities for the year. Within each priority we established specific objective goals that map directly to our long-term stakeholder commitments to hosts, guests, the communities within which we operate, employees, and shareholders. We believe these priorities allow our leaders to focus on improving our underlying business and will ultimately drive growth for the Company. For 2025, bonus payouts were capped at 120% of target. Based on an assessment of the objective goals set at the beginning of the year, our people and compensation committee determined a bonus payout of equal to 100% of target for each of our named executive officers other than Mr. Chesky (who is not eligible to participate in the Bonus Plan). See Cash Incentive Compensation section for more detail. Emphasis on equity compensation. We continued to emphasize equity compensation for our named executive officers, which we believe demonstrates a longer-term, ownership orientation. Annual equity grant levels for the named executive officers (other than Mr. Chesky) were increased to align pay levels to the competitive market. During 2025, we made annual equity grants in the form of 70% of the intended award value in time-based restricted stock units ( RSUs ) and 30% of the intended award value in stock options. Providing 30% of equity in the form of stock options maintains strong alignment with shareholder interests, while the majority weighting toward RSUs supports retention of key executives in a hyper-competitive talent market. CEO equity award. In preparing for our IPO, in November 2020, our board of directors awarded Mr. Chesky a performance-based RSU award intended to cover ten years of compensation (the Multi-Year Award ). The award may be earned, if at all, based on our 60 trading day trailing average closing stock price exceeding progressively higher stock price hurdles, ranging from $125 to $485, over a 10-year period. In order to earn all tranches, the stock price will have to be over 7x the price at IPO and 13x the price at the time of grant. To date, the first two tranches of the Multi-Year Award were earned and vested. No new tranches were earned or vested in 2025. In designing the compensation program for Mr. Chesky, our board of directors was cognizant of Mr. Chesky s intention to donate the net proceeds from the award to community, philanthropic and charitable causes. See CEO Multi-Year Equity Award section for more detail. Executive Compensation Philosophy and Objectives We believe that for us to be successful we must hire and retain executives that can continue to drive global growth in our business, operate with a holistic perspective in the service of all stakeholders, and create a highly creative, inclusive environment. Our executive compensation programs are designed to motivate, reward, attract, and retain high-caliber leaders and seek to align compensation with our stakeholder priorities and Company performance. Our people and compensation committee continued to apply a number of principles to guide our compensation program design and decisions: Long -term alignment. Performance measurement, incentive goals, and individual performance assessments all clearly align with and support our long-term vision and alignment with stakeholders. They encourage a long-term timeframe, while acknowledging competitive talent market realities. Stock options granted as a part of our equity compensation program further reinforce shareholder alignment and long-term value creation. Ownership. We believe in the power of an owner s mindset. Compensation programs encourage employees and executives to think and act like owners of their work and careers, their responsibility to all stakeholders, and Airbnb. Consistent with this philosophy, 70% of intended annual equity award value for executives is delivered in the 26 Table of Contents form of restricted stock units. When coupled with our robust executive stock ownership guidelines, our equity mix ensures long-term alignment with shareholder interests. Alignment across stakeholders. Our program design strives to balance interests and ensure alignment across all stakeholders. We are committed to directly tying short-term cash incentives to our performance against near-term stakeholder priorities. We believe this approach will lead to sustained value for all stakeholders over the long term. Performance culture. Our pay programs support a culture of accountability and performance through the use of stretch Company-based metrics in the Bonus Plan and differentiated annual equity awards based on executive performance and contribution. Pay equity. We are committed to the principle of pay equity and seek to be a leader on this front. Competitiveness. We are fortunate to have a mission that is attractive to a talented and diverse array of leaders. We want executives to come and stay with Airbnb because of our mission. However, we recognize that compensation needs to be compelling and competitive to attract and retain the talent necessary to meet our objectives and therefore aim to set executive compensation levels above peer median. Transparency. We will continue to provide a level of clarity and transparency about our compensation programs, frameworks and outcomes that reinforces our commitment to pay equity. Compensation and Governance Practices For 2025, we continued to adhere to a number of policies and practices, listed below, to align our compensation program with these principles and establish strong compensation governance: What We Do Practice Description Link Between Pay and Stakeholder Priorities Performance measures for our Bonus Plan extend beyond traditional financial and operational goals. We directly tie pay outcomes to our most critical priorities, with the objective of creating alignment and accountability to all stakeholders. Consistent with a long-term commitment to all stakeholders, Mr. Chesky intends to donate the net proceeds from his multi-year equity award to community, philanthropic and charitable causes. Emphasis on Equity-Based Compensation We believe that sustained, long-term stock price performance requires that we effectively serve all stakeholders. As such, we seek to prioritize equity-based compensation and provide a significant portion of compensation in the form of stock options and RSUs. In addition, other than Mr. Chesky s $1 base salary, the direct compensation provided to him is entirely equity-based. Longer-Term Delivery Equity compensation is structured to vest over a minimum period of four years, subject to limited exceptions. Stock options have a maximum 10-year term. The multi-year equity award for Mr. Chesky may vest over a 10-year performance period and the underlying shares are not delivered until two years following vesting. Independent Compensation Consultant Our people and compensation committee engages an independent compensation consulting firm that provides us with no other services. Clawback Policy As required by SEC rules and Nasdaq Listing Rules, we have adopted a clawback policy that requires us to recover certain erroneously paid incentive compensation received by our Section 16 officers in the event of an accounting restatement. Stock Ownership Policy We have adopted a stock ownership policy that requires our CEO to hold shares of Company common stock equal to ten times his base salary and each of our other executive officers to hold shares of Company common stock equal to five times their base salary. Our policy also includes holding requirements if the minimum level of ownership is not met. Annual Risk Assessment In collaboration with an independent compensation consultant, our people and compensation committee completes a risk assessment of our standing compensation programs. 27 Table of Contents What We Don t Do Practice Description No Hedging of Company Stock; Pledging of Company Stock Restricted Executive officers, members of the board of directors, employees and independent contractors may not directly or indirectly engage in transactions intended to hedge or offset the market value of Airbnb stock owned by them. In addition, pledging of Airbnb stock by executive officers and members of the board of directors as collateral for loans and investments is prohibited absent approval by the board of directors and any such pledge shall not exceed 5% of the outstanding shares of Company securities held by such officer or director and such loan shall not exceed an aggregate amount of $50 million. Limited Tax Gross-ups We do not provide tax gross-ups to our executive officers, other than nominal amounts provided to all employees in connection with Airbnb travel credits, wellbeing allowances or in limited circumstances, such as in connection with relocations. No Single Trigger Change in Control Provisions Equity awards do not accelerate in connection with a change in control, unless the awards are not assumed or substituted or in connection with certain qualifying terminations in connection with a change in control pursuant to our Severance and Change in Control Agreements with our named executive officers. No Special Benefit Plans for Executives We do not have any special benefit or retirement plans that are exclusive to the executive population. No Excessive Perquisites We do not provide excessive perquisites for executives. Determination of Compensation Role of the board of directors and people and compensation committee. The people and compensation committee oversees our executive compensation program, including executive salaries, payouts under our Bonus Plan, the size and structure of equity awards, and any executive perquisites. Our board of directors is responsible for determining the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer based on the evaluation and recommendation of the people and compensation committee. Role of compensation consultant. The people and compensation committee has the authority to engage its own advisors to assist in carrying out its responsibilities. In 2025, Semler Brossy provided guidance regarding the amount and types of compensation that we provide to our executives, how our compensation practices compare to the compensation practices of other companies, including with respect to a peer group of companies developed in consultation with Semler Brossy, and other compensation-related matters. Semler Brossy reports directly to the people and compensation committee, although Semler Brossy may meet with members of management for the purpose of gathering information on proposals that management may make to the board of directors and the people and compensation committee. Our people and compensation committee has evaluated Semler Brossy s independence pursuant to the requirements of the Nasdaq Listing Rules and SEC rules and has determined that Semler Brossy does not have any conflicts of interest in advising the people and compensation committee. Semler Brossy does not provide any services to us other than the services relating to executive and director compensation. Role of management. In setting compensation for 2025, Mr. Chesky worked closely with the board of directors and the people and compensation committee, in managing our executive compensation program and attended board of directors meetings. Our Chief Executive Officer made recommendations to the board of directors and the people and compensation committee regarding compensation for our executive officers (other than himself) because of his daily involvement with our executive team. No executive officer participated directly in the final deliberations or determinations regarding their own compensation package. Use of comparative market data. For 2025, the people and compensation committee assessed the competitiveness of each element of the executive officers total direct compensation, against the executive pay peer group, as discussed below. While the people and compensation committee did not establish compensation levels solely based on a review of competitive data, it believes such data is a meaningful input to our compensation policies and practices in order to attract and retain qualified executive officers. The people and 28 Table of Contents compensation committee also considered a number of other factors, including: Company performance relative to our stakeholder priorities, each executive s impact and criticality to our strategy and mission, relative scope of responsibility and potential, individual performance and demonstrated leadership, and internal equity pay considerations. In developing this peer group, the people and compensation committee took into account a number of factors, including: Actual experience in the talent market (companies with similar characteristics and business dynamics from which we source and to which we potentially lose executive talent); Scale and complexity (using revenue and valuation); Geography (for example, preference for companies with significant presence in the San Francisco Bay Area); and Company business characteristics (for example, comparably sized high-growth technology companies, technology-oriented gig economy companies, marketplace platforms, global operations, and other high growth indicators). After considering the above factors, our people and compensation committee used the following primary peer group for 2025 compensation decisions: Primary Peer Group for 2025 Pay Decisions Adobe Salesforce Block ServiceNow Booking Holdings Shopify DoorDash Spotify Intuit Uber Netflix Zoom Video Communications Pinterest As a secondary reference, the people and compensation committee also reviewed a broader peer group that includes Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Disney, Meta Platforms (formerly Facebook), Microsoft, Nike, and Tesla. These eight technology and global brand bellwether companies are clear and demonstrated talent competitors and we believe it is important to also review their compensation practices, and in some cases as a reference when determining market compensation practices. However, the people and compensation committee did not include these eight companies in the primary peer group given their outsized scale. Annual Say -on -Pay Vote. We hold our advisory vote on executive compensation (commonly known as a say-on-pay vote) every year. The people and compensation committee considers stakeholder concerns, including the Say-on-Pay vote at our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, at which 97.3% of votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes) approved the proposal, and annually reevaluates our compensation practices to determine how they might be improved. Elements of Our Executive Compensation Program For 2025, the primary elements of our named executive officers direct compensation and a brief description of each are: Element Description Base Salary Base salary attracts and retains talented executives, recognizes individual roles and responsibilities and provides stable income. Short-Term Cash Incentive Compensation Annual performance bonuses directly ties pay to key strategic priorities, which we believe will lead to sustained value for all stakeholders over the long term. Equity-Based Long-Term Incentive Compensation Equity compensation, provided in the form of stock options and RSUs, reinforces the importance of a long-term, ownership orientation, creates alignment with our stakeholders, and promotes retention. Equity-based compensation is the most significant portion of compensation for our executives, as illustrated below. 29 Table of Contents Approximately 100% of our CEO s compensation and approximately 95% of our other named executive officers compensation (on average), each as shown above, is variable. Note that Mr. Chesky does not receive any direct compensation outside of his $1 base salary and the Multi-Year Award (as defined and described below), which is comprised solely of performance-based RSUs. In addition, our named executive officers are eligible to participate in our health and welfare programs and our 401(k) plan on the same basis as our other employees. We also provide certain limited severance benefits, limited perquisites, and other benefits, which aid in attracting and retaining executive talent. Each of these elements of compensation for 2025 is described further below. Base Salary The base salary of each named executive officer, other than Mr. Chesky, is intended to align with the scope and complexity of their roles, their relative capabilities, and competitive market realities. The people and compensation committee reviews the base salaries of our executive officers annually and may adjust them to reflect market conditions or other factors. At the beginning of 2025, the people and compensation committee determined that executive base salaries for the fiscal year were slightly below competitive levels, resulting in a modest increase of $25,000 for three executives. This decision follows 2024 s modest increases in base salaries, which were the first and only increases made following our IPO. The base salaries of our named executive officers were set as follows: Named Executive Officer 2024 Base Salary 2025 Base Salary ($) Brian Chesky $ 1 $ 1 Elinor Mertz $ 650,000 $ 675,000 Nathan Blecharczyk $ 450,000 $ 475,000 Aristotle Balogh $ 650,000 $ 675,000 As discussed in the CEO Multi-Year Equity Award section below, Mr. Chesky requested, and the board of directors approved, a base salary of $1 per year upon the approval of his equity award in November 2020. Cash Incentive Compensation Approach to Short-Term Cash Incentives Airbnb s Bonus Plan has been designed to attract and retain key talent and reward executives based on performance against key strategic priorities. Our philosophy is to cover performance beyond Company financial performance and include broader stakeholder priorities. Upon Mr. Chesky s request and in light of his holdings of our common stock, our board of directors determined that Mr. Chesky would not participate in the Bonus Plan, and it is intended that he will not be a participant in the Bonus Plan going forward. All of our other named executive officers participated in the Bonus Plan. In 2025, our people and compensation committee decided to align our named executive officers compensation to a competitive market range by increasing base salaries and increasing target bonus percentages. Target bonus opportunity for Ms. Mertz and Mr. Balogh was increased to 100% 30 Table of Contents of base salary (previously at 75%) to maintain market competitiveness and align with our executive compensation philosophy. The 2025 target bonuses for our named executive officers as a percentage of base salary were as follows: Named Executive Officer 2025 Target Bonus as a Percentage of Base Salary (%) Brian Chesky N/A Elinor Mertz 100 Nathan Blecharczyk 60 Aristotle Balogh 100 Payouts for 2025 were determined based on the product of: (i) the named executive officer s annual base salary as of the last day of each eligible base pay period (June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2025); (ii) his or her target annual bonus percentage as of December 31, 2025; and (iii) a Company performance multiplier. 2025 Short-Term Cash Incentive Plan Our Bonus Plan is designed to attract and retain key talent, reward executives based on performance against key strategic priorities and align with our focus on continued long-term value creation for all of our stakeholders. The people and compensation committee used the same structure for all bonus participants, including our participating named executive officers, to focus the Company on a common set of performance objectives. The Bonus Plan allows above target payouts, which were capped at 120% of target for 2025. The Bonus Plan covers performance beyond Company financial performance and includes broader stakeholder priorities. We believe this design allows our leaders to focus on improving our business and operations, which will drive long-term success for our shareholders. The Bonus Plan focused on the following 2025 Company priorities: Business Performance : Deliver topline growth and maintain bottom-line margin Perfect the Core : Improve our operations, technology, and other foundational objectives Accelerate Global Markets: Grow nights booked in Growth Emerging Markets Foundation : Reduce defects in production and improve engagement scores in Connection and Collaboration At the beginning of the year, the people and compensation committee established weightings for each priority and specific objective metrics within each that reflected a combination of annual goals and other strategic priorities that needed to be accomplished during the year. Each of the metrics maps to longer-term commitments across our five key stakeholders: hosts, guests, the communities within which we operate, employees, and shareholders. Company Priority (3) Examples of Metrics Considered Weighting Weighted Achievement Business Performance Nights and Experiences Booked EBITDA Margin 35% 35% Perfect the Core Booking conversion rate Quality of trips taken User satisfaction with customer service interactions Active Ever Booked Listings 35% 35% Accelerate Global Markets International nights booked 10% 10% Foundation Critical and high defects in production Employee Engagement scores 10% 10% (3) Initially 10% was allocated towards a metric that was deprioritized and removed from the Bonus Plan during the year. The 10% was reallocated pro-rata among the remaining Company priorities. Goals and performance on the Company priorities are tracked semi-annually and paid out after the end of the year. The formulaic assessment of performance resulted in a payout of 100% of target. 31 Table of Contents Beginning in 2026, the people and compensation committee determined to simplify the Bonus Plan structure to focus on key financial metrics that are aligned with Airbnb s business priorities for the year. Payouts will incentivize revenue growth, which accounts for 75% of the target performance weighting, with the remaining 25% based on Adjusted EBITDA Margin performance. 2025 Bonus Payout Named Executive Officer Target Annual Bonus ($) 2025 Percentage Achievement (%) 2025 Bonus Payout ($) Elinor Mertz $ 675,000 100% $ 675,000 Nathan Blecharczyk $ 285,000 100% $ 285,000 Aristotle Balogh $ 675,000 100% $ 675,000 Equity Compensation Equity compensation reinforces the importance of a long-term, ownership orientation, creates alignment with our stakeholders, and promotes retention. Equity-based compensation is the most significant portion of compensation for our named executive officers. We grant a mix of RSUs and stock options to our executives. Annual awards are granted with 70% of the target value in RSUs and 30% of the target value in stock options. We believe this mix is appropriate given the Company s priorities and grant practices among our peers. Stock options only provide value to executives when the stock price increases. We believe that stock price growth will only happen in a meaningful and sustained way if we are successful in creating value for all of our core stakeholders. Our stock options generally vest over four years with monthly vesting over the four-year period, subject to continued service. Our RSUs generally have a service-based vesting condition. The vesting period for these awards is typically four years with quarterly vesting over the four-year period, subject to continued service. 2025 Annual Equity Grants In 2025, we granted each named executive officer other than Mr. Chesky an annual equity award (the 2025 Annual Equity Grants ). The size of such grants was set by our people and compensation committee following consideration of a number of factors set forth in the subsection titled Determination of Compensation above, as well as our Chief Executive Officer s recommendations. The 2025 Annual Equity Grants were made in April 2025, consistent with the timing of grants made to our broader employee population. The annual 2025 RSU grants have a service-based vesting condition that is satisfied for each named executive officer as to 1/16th of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary of February 19, 2025, in each case, subject to the executive s continued service with us through each applicable vesting date. The 2025 option awards have an exercise price of $142.06 and vest in 48 substantially equal monthly installments beginning on the grant date and continuing on each subsequent monthly anniversary of February 19, 2025, in each case, subject to the executive s continued service with us through each applicable vesting date. The number of shares subject to RSU and option awards granted to our named executive officers as part of the 2025 Annual Equity Grants were as follows: Named Executive Officer Number of RSUs Number of Options Elinor Mertz 54,203 58,075 Nathan Blecharczyk 34,493 36,957 Aristotle Balogh 54,203 58,075 CEO Multi-Year Equity Award Mr. Chesky s 2025 compensation reflects the compensation program that was implemented by the board of directors in Nov