=== CL_2026-02-23.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this report, set forth below is a summary of the material risks to an investment in our securities. These risks, some of which have occurred and/or are occurring and any of which could occur in the future, are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on us. To the extent any of these risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted, which might cause the value of our securities to decline. Business and Industry Risks We face risks associated with significant international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. We operate on a global basis serving consumers in more than 200 countries and territories with approximately two-thirds of our Net sales originating in markets outside the United States. While geographic diversity helps to reduce our exposure to risks in any one country or part of the world, it also means that we face risks associated with significant international operations, including: • changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of inflationary pressure, economic slowdown or recession, major developments in trade relations, volatile commodity prices and increases and/or volatility in the cost of raw and packaging materials, labor, energy and logistics; • changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies, which may reduce the U.S. dollar value of revenues, profits and cash flows from non-U.S. markets or increase our supply costs, as measured in U.S. dollars, in those markets; • political instability or uncertainty, including as a result of elections, economic instability, geopolitical events and tensions, wars and military conflicts, such as in Ukraine, the Middle East and Venezuela; • changes to trade policies and agreements and other foreign or domestic legal and regulatory requirements, including those resulting in potentially adverse tax consequences or the imposition of and/or the increase in trade restrictions and/or tariffs, sanctions, price controls, labor laws, travel or immigration restrictions, profit controls or other government controls; • environmental events, widespread health emergencies, such as pandemics or epidemics, natural disasters or social or labor unrest; • exchange controls and other limits on our ability to import or export raw materials or finished product or to repatriate cash from overseas, including as a result of the war in Ukraine; • lack of well-established, reliable and/or impartial legal systems in certain countries where we operate and difficulties in enforcing contractual, intellectual property or other legal rights; and • foreign ownership and investment restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources. Any or all of the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to sell our products on a competitive basis in international markets and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, a number of these risks have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact consumer sentiment (including as it relates to the perception of U.S. brands internationally) and consumption, which has reduced and may continue to reduce sales volumes of our products or result in a shift in our product mix from higher margin to lower margin product offerings. 6 We face risks resulting from political and macroeconomic instability and geopolitical events and tensions, wars and military conflicts, such as in Ukraine, the Middle East and Venezuela, which may also heighten other risks disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Uncertainties and risks remain as to the evolving situation in Venezuela. We have operations, including a manufacturing facility, in Venezuela; however, since December 31, 2015, the local operating results from our Venezuela operations have not been included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Nonetheless, the situation in Venezuela could have ramifications for our business in Venezuela and the broader Latin American region and on geopolitical relations more generally. The situation may impact consumer sentiment and consumption and category growth rates in the Latin American region, supply chain and logistics, and the availability and cost of raw and packaging materials and commodities, such as oil. The war in Ukraine, and the related geopolitical tensions, have had and continue to have a significant impact on our operations in Ukraine and Russia, though it has not been material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. We have no manufacturing facilities in Russia. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our business in the Eurasia region constituted approximately 1% of our consolidated net sales and approximately 2% of our consolidated operating profit. We, however, have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, risks related to the impact of the war in Ukraine, including increases in the cost and, in certain cases, limitations on the availability of certain raw and packaging materials and commodities (including oil and natural gas), supply chain and logistics challenges, import restrictions, foreign currency volatility and reputational concerns. We also have faced and continue to face challenges to our ability to repatriate cash from Russia and to identify financial institutions and services to support our Russian operations and may face challenges to our ability to protect our assets in Russia. We also continue to monitor the impact of sanctions, export controls and import restrictions. Major developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs by the United States and/or other countries, such as China, including those threatened or imposed following the United States’ 2025 executive orders, retaliatory tariffs imposed by the United States’ trading partners or through the renegotiation of trade agreements, have contributed to and are expected to continue to contribute to inflationary pressures, geopolitical tensions, macroeconomic and market volatility and consumer uncertainty. These developments have also impacted and may continue to impact consumer sentiment, consumption, discretionary spending and/or purchasing patterns. In addition, they have impacted and may continue to impact the cost and/or availability of raw and packaging materials and the price of our products. While we have made and will continue to make efforts to mitigate the impact of these and any additional tariffs imposed by the United States and/or other countries or shifts in trade agreements, they or our mitigating actions could have a material effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In an effort to minimize the impact on earnings of foreign currency rate movements, we engage in a combination of selling price increases, where permitted, sourcing strategies, cost containment measures and selective hedging of foreign currency transactions. However, the impact of these measures has not and may not in the future fully offset any negative impact of foreign currency rate movements on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Significant competition in our industry could adversely affect our business. We face vigorous competition worldwide, including from strong local competitors (including private label competition) and from other companies, some of which have greater resources than we do. In addition, the substantial growth in eCommerce and the use of AI have encouraged the entry of new competitors, some of which sell products direct-to-consumer. 7 We face competition in several aspects of our business, including pricing, promotional activities, new product introductions and expansion into new geographies and channels. Some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on or have more effective advertising and promotional activities than we do, introduce competing products more quickly and/or respond more effectively to business and economic conditions and changing consumer preferences, including by launching innovative new products or products with on-trend or novel ingredients. Such competition also extends to administrative and legal challenges of product claims and advertising. Our success is and will likely increasingly be dependent on our ability to excel at omni-channel demand generation, effectively leverage AI, data analytics and other existing and emerging digital technologies to gain new commercial insights and develop relevant products, marketing and advertising to reach customers and consumers. Our ability to compete also depends on the strength of our brands and products and on our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property, including patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and trade dress rights, against infringement and legal challenges by competitors. We may be unable to anticipate the timing and scale of such initiatives or challenges by competitors or to successfully respond to them, which could harm our business and/or reputation. In addition, the cost of responding to such initiatives and challenges, including management time, out-of-pocket expenses and price reductions, may affect our performance. A failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. The rapidly changing retail landscape and changing consumer preferences may adversely affect our business. Our products are sold in a highly competitive global omni-channel marketplace that is increasingly defined by the integration of traditional and digital retail operations and evolving consumer purchasing behaviors and preferences, as consumers continue to shop online and increasingly through social commerce and with the assistance of AI. The increased presence of alternative retail channels, such as subscription services and direct-to-customer businesses, has also intensified competition for consumer attention. While we continue to sell our products to a variety of customers, including large-format retailers, discounters and eCommerce retailers, our growth is increasingly dependent on our ability to generate consumer demand across key touchpoints in the omni-channel ecosystem whether through traditional retail, eCommerce, social media or digital. We are also increasingly dependent on certain key retailers, some of which exercise greater bargaining strength than we do, including the exclusive access to valuable first-party consumer data and analytics. They have demanded and may continue to demand higher trade discounts, allowances, slotting fees, significant investment (including through display media, paid search and co-op programs) or changes to product assortments, which have led to and could continue to lead to reduced sales or profitability in certain markets. Furthermore, the consolidation of retail customers globally may further increase our concentration risk. The loss of a key customer or distributor or a significant reduction in sales to a key customer or distributor could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For additional information regarding our customers, see “Distribution; Raw Materials; Competition; Trademarks and Patents” in Item 1 “Business.” We also have been and may continue to be negatively affected by changes in the policies or practices of our customers, such as inventory destocking, automated fulfillment requirements, AI-aided category pricing pressures and algorithms, limitations on access to shelf space (including the digital shelf), delisting of our products or sustainability, supply chain or packaging standards or initiatives. For example, a determination by a key retailer that any of our ingredients should not be used in certain consumer products or that our packaging does not comply with certain requirements and standards could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, “private label” products sold by our retail customers, which are typically sold at lower prices than branded products, are a source of competition for certain of our products. If we are not successful in adapting or effectively reacting to the rapidly changing retail landscape, changes in consumer behavior, preferences or purchasing patterns and/or executing our 2030 business strategy which is, in part, focused on omni-channel demand generation, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 8 The growth of our business depends on the successful identification, development and launch of innovative new products. Our growth depends on the continued success of existing products, the successful identification, development and launch of innovative new and differentiated products and the expansion into adjacent categories, channels of distribution or geographies. Our ability to launch new products, to sustain existing products and to expand into adjacent categories, channels of distribution or geographies is affected by whether we can successfully: • identify, develop and fund technological innovations; • obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property protection and avoid infringing intellectual property rights of others; • obtain approvals and registrations of regulated products, including from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”) and other regulatory bodies in the United States and abroad; and • anticipate and quickly respond to the needs and preferences of consumers and customers. The identification, development and introduction of innovative new products that drive incremental sales involves considerable costs and effort, and any new product may not generate sufficient customer and consumer interest and sales to become a profitable product or to cover the costs of its development and promotion. Our ability to achieve a successful launch of a new product could also be adversely affected by preemptive actions taken by competitors in response to the launch, such as increased promotional activities and advertising. In addition, new products may not be accepted quickly or significantly in the marketplace. Our ability to quickly innovate to adapt and market our products and to adapt our packaging or the sustainability profile of our products to meet evolving consumer preferences and/or regulatory requirements is an essential part of our business strategy. The failure to develop and launch successful new products or to adapt our packaging, the sustainability profile of our products or supply chain to meet such preferences could hinder the growth of our business and any delay in the development or launch of a new product could result in us not being the first to market, which could compromise our competitive position and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, our success in launching new products is dependent on our ability to deliver effective and efficient marketing in an evolving media landscape, which is subject to dynamic and increasingly restrictive privacy requirements and emerging regulations. Our ability to launch new products, including our ability to deliver effective and efficient marketing campaigns, is also impacted by our ability to successfully adopt and effectively leverage AI, including machine learning and generative AI, and other existing and emerging technologies. If, in the course of identifying or developing new products, we are found to have infringed the trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent or other intellectual property rights of others, such a finding could adversely affect our ability to develop innovative new products and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Even if we are not found to infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights, claims of infringement could adversely affect us, including by increasing costs and by delaying the launch of new products. Damage to our reputation could have an adverse effect on our business. Maintaining our strong reputation with consumers and our trade partners globally is critical to selling our branded products. Accordingly, we devote significant time and resources to programs designed to protect and preserve our reputation, such as our ethics and compliance, sustainability, social impact, brand protection, product safety, regulatory and quality initiatives and our enterprise risk management program. Negative publicity about us, our brands, our products, our supply chain, our ingredients, our packaging or our sustainability or social impact practices, or our employees, whether or not deserved, could jeopardize our reputation. Such negative publicity could relate to, among other things, health or quality concerns, threatened or pending litigation or regulatory proceedings, animal welfare, labor and human rights and environmental impact (including responsible sourcing, deforestation, packaging, plastic, energy and water use and waste management) or where we operate. In addition, the proliferation of digital and social media has greatly increased the accessibility of information, the speed of its dissemination and the potential for negative publicity and misinformation. 9 Negative publicity, posts or comments on digital and social media (including those that are AI-generated), whether true or untrue, could damage our brands and our reputation. The success of our brands could also suffer if our marketing initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand’s image or its ability to attract consumers. In addition, the legal, regulatory and ethics landscape around the use of AI continues to rapidly evolve. Our ability to successfully adopt and leverage this emerging technology in an effective and ethical manner may impact our reputation and our ability to compete, as outputs from generative AI models could be, among other things, false, biased or inconsistent with our values or strategies. Further, the use of generative AI tools may compromise our confidential or sensitive information or put our intellectual property at risk or subject us to claims of intellectual property infringement, which could in turn damage our reputation. Additionally, due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, distributors, contract manufacturers, manufacturing logistics providers, joint venture partners, financial services providers and cloud-based service providers. While we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, compliance and sustainability practices, thereby potentially increasing our reputational and legal risk. We have taken and, in the future may take, certain actions to safeguard our reputation and uphold our ethical values, such as changes to how and where we sell, advertise and invest behind our products and operations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, third parties sell counterfeit versions of our products, which are inferior and may pose safety risks. While we take actions to identify and remove counterfeit versions of our products from the market, these actions may not be successful. Consumers of our brands could confuse our products with counterfeit products, which could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for these or any other reasons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, as well as require resources to rebuild our reputation. Our success depends upon our ability to recruit, attract and retain key employees and the succession of senior management. Our success largely depends on the performance of our management team and other key employees. If we are unable to recruit, attract and retain talented, highly qualified senior management and other key people, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. Successfully executing organizational change, including management transitions at leadership levels of the Company, succession plans for senior management and the Strategic Growth and Productivity Program, is critical to our business success. While we follow a disciplined, ongoing succession planning process and have succession plans in place for senior management and other key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of qualified senior executives will continue to be available to us at particular moments in time. Further, changes in immigration laws and government policies and practices and developments in trade relations have made, in certain circumstances, and may continue to make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate highly skilled technical, professional and management personnel to meet our business needs. We continue to embed new ways of working to adapt to a rapidly changing world, drive innovation and operational efficiency and adopt and leverage technologies such as AI. If we do not (or are perceived not to) successfully implement these initiatives and/or upskill our employees, our ability to recruit, attract and retain talent may be adversely impacted. We have pursued and may continue to pursue acquisitions and divestitures, which could adversely impact our business. We have pursued and may continue to pursue acquisitions of brands, businesses, assets or technologies from third parties. Acquisitions and their pursuit have involved, and can involve, numerous potential risks, including: • realizing the full extent of the expected benefits or synergies as a result of a transaction, within the anticipated time frame, or at all; 10 • successfully integrating the operations, technologies, services, products and systems of the acquired brands, assets or businesses in an effective, timely and cost-efficient manner; • receiving necessary consents, clearances and approvals in connection with a transaction; • diverting management’s attention from other business priorities; • successfully operating in new lines of business, channels of distribution or markets; • achieving distribution expansion related to products, categories and markets; • retaining key employees, partners, suppliers and customers of the acquired business; • conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies of the acquired business with our own; • developing or launching products with acquired technologies; and • other unanticipated problems or liabilities. Moreover, acquisitions have resulted in and could in the future result in substantial additional debt, the assumption of contingent liabilities, such as litigation or earn-out obligations, or transaction costs. In addition, to the extent that the economic benefits associated with an acquisition or investment diminish in the future or the performance of an acquired company or business is less robust than expected, we may be required to record additional impairments of intangible assets, including trademarks and goodwill. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2025, we took a non-cash, aftertax impairment charge of $794 to adjust the carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets related to the skin health business. For additional information regarding recent impairment charges, refer to Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairment Charges.” Any of these risks could adversely impact our reputation and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We have divested and may in the future divest brands or businesses. These divestitures may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition if we are unable to offset the dilutive impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested brands or businesses, or otherwise achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from the divestitures. In addition, businesses under consideration for, or otherwise subject to, divestiture may be adversely impacted prior to the divestiture, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any planned divestiture is not able to be completed, we may also incur negative business and financial results. Operational Risks Our business results are impacted by our ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain and/or key office facilities. We are engaged in the manufacture and sourcing of products and materials on a global scale. Our operations and those of our suppliers, contract manufacturers or logistics providers have been and may continue to be disrupted by a number of factors, including: • geopolitical events and tensions, wars and military conflicts, such as in Ukraine, the Middle East and Venezuela; • widespread health emergencies, such as pandemics or epidemics; • strikes and other labor disputes; • disruptions in logistics; • loss or impairment of key manufacturing or distribution sites; 11 • loss of key suppliers or contract manufacturers; • capacity constraints; • raw and packaging material and product availability and/or quality or safety issues; • industrial accidents or other occupational health and safety issues; • the impact on our suppliers of tighter credit or capital markets; • the lack of availability of qualified personnel, such as truck drivers and production labor; • governmental incentives, regulations and controls and actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign trade policy (including import restrictions and export controls, new or increased tariffs, new or revised trade agreements, sanctions, quotas, trade barriers or new or increased regulations related to Good Manufacturing Practices); and • natural disasters, including climatic events (including any potential effects of climate change) and earthquakes, tornadoes, acts of war or terrorism, political unrest or uncertainty, fires or explosions, cybersecurity incidents and other external factors over which we have no control. In addition, we purchase certain key raw and packaging materials from single-source suppliers or a limited number of suppliers and new suppliers may have to be qualified under industry, governmental and/or Colgate standards, which can require additional investment and take a significant period of time. If our existing or new suppliers fail to meet such standards or if we are unable to contract with suppliers on favorable terms, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. We believe that the supplies of raw and packaging materials needed to manufacture our products are adequate. In addition, we have business continuity and contingency plans in place for key manufacturing sites and contract manufacturers and the supply of raw and packaging materials. Nonetheless, a significant disruption to the manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials for any reason, including those mentioned above, have at times interrupted and could in the future interrupt product supply and, if not remedied, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, as a result of our global shared service organizational model, certain of our functions, such as finance and accounting, customer service and logistics, human resources, global information technology and data analytics are concentrated in key office facilities. A significant disruption to any of our key office facilities for any reason, including those mentioned above, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Volatility in material and other costs has in the past and may continue to adversely impact our profitability. Raw and packaging material commodities, such as resins, essential oils, tropical oils, pulp, tallow, corn, poultry and soybeans, are subject to market price variations. Increases in the costs of and/or a reduction in the availability of commodities, energy (including fuel prices), logistics (including trucks and containers) or other necessary services, including as a result of macroeconomic and geopolitical tensions, conflicts and uncertainty, such as in Ukraine, the Middle East and Venezuela, developments in trade relations (including new or increased tariffs, new or revised trade agreements, sanctions, export controls or import restrictions), widespread health emergencies, such as pandemics or epidemics, changes in supply and demand and/or the impact of climatic events have affected and, in some instances, are likely to continue to adversely affect our profit margins. We have taken and may continue to take actions to mitigate these cost increases in the form of price increases and efforts to achieve cost efficiencies in areas such as manufacturing and distribution, or otherwise manage the exposure through sourcing strategies, productivity initiatives, including our funding-the-growth initiatives and the Strategic Growth and Productivity Program, and the limited use of commodity hedging contracts. These actions may not, however, fully offset th

=== CL_2026-05-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. 46 COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds On March 20, 2025, the Board authorized the repurchase of shares of the Company’s common stock having an aggregate purchase price of up to $5 billion under a new share repurchase program (the “2025 Program”), which replaced a previously authorized share repurchase program. The Board also has authorized share repurchases on an ongoing basis to fulfill certain requirements of the Company’s compensation and benefit programs. The shares are repurchased from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions at the Company’s discretion, subject to market conditions, customary blackout periods and other factors. The following table shows the stock repurchase activity for the three months in the quarter ended March 31, 2026: Month Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (3) (in millions) January 1 through 31, 2026 3,038 $ 84.52 — $ 4,087 February 1 through 28, 2026 975,160 $ 95.90 691,300 $ 4,021 March 1 through 31, 2026 2,408,652 $ 88.02 2,404,356 $ 3,809 Total 3,386,850 $ 90.28 3,095,656 (1) Includes share repurchases under the 2025 Program and those associated with certain employee elections under the Company’s compensation and benefit programs. (2) The difference between the total number of shares purchased and the total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs is 291,194 shares, which represents shares deemed surrendered to the Company to satisfy certain employee elections under the Company’s compensation and benefit programs. (3) Includes approximate dollar value of shares that were available to be purchased under the publicly announced plans or programs that were in effect as of March 31, 2026. 47 COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. Item 5. Other Information (c) Trading Plans No director or officer of the Company adopted , modified or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K, during the three months ended March 31, 2026. 48 COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10-A Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 2026-2028 Performance Cycle.* ** 31-A Certificate of the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Colgate-Palmolive Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.** 31-B Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Colgate-Palmolive Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.** 32 Certificate of the Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Colgate-Palmolive Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. § 1350.*** 101 The following materials from Colgate-Palmolive Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity; and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). __________ * Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. ** Filed herewith. *** Furnished herewith. 49 COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY (Registrant) Principal Executive Officer: May 1, 2026 /s/ Noel Wallace Noel Wallace Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer: May 1, 2026 /s/ Stanley J. Sutula III Stanley J. Sutula III Chief Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer: May 1, 2026 /s/ Gregory O. Malcolm Gregory O. Malcolm Executive Vice President, Controller 50 