=== FDS_2025-10-22.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Investors should also refer to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s and our Consolidated Financial Statements including the related Notes. Investors should carefully consider all risks, including those disclosed here, before making an investment decision. Cybersecurity, Technology and Data Security Risks Unauthorized access to confidential data including client data, other cyber-attacks, and the failure of our cyber-security systems and procedures Many of our products, as well as our internal systems and processes, involve the collection, retrieval, processing, storage and transmission of our own, as well as supplier and client, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data through a variety of media channels. We rely on, and continuously invest in, internal processes, controls, policies, procedures and employee training programs designed to protect confidential data received in the ordinary course of business, including information from client portfolios and strategies. However, these measures do not guarantee security, and improper access to or release of confidential information may still occur—whether due to employee error or malfeasance, system error, inadvertent release, failure to properly purge or protect data, or through cyber-attacks. Our size, scale and role in the financial markets increases our risk for cyber-attacks and our exposure to other cyber-security risks. We use third-party service providers for certain critical functions. We and our third-party service providers are subject to the risks of system failures, security breaches and cyber-attacks, such as those sponsored by nation-states, terrorist organizations, or global corporations seeking to illicitly obtain technology or other intellectual property, including through the use of generative AI, agentic AI, phishing scams, hacking, viruses, denial of service attacks, tampering, intrusions, physical break-ins, ransomware and malware, employee errors or malfeasance. Cyber-security risks also may be derived from fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third-party service providers, or may result from human error, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures or other technological failures. Our and our vendors' use of mobile and cloud technologies may increase our risk for such threats. Our protective systems and procedures and those of third parties to which we are connected, such as cloud computing providers, may not be effective against these threats. In addition, failure by our clients or third-party service providers to notify us of system failures or security breaches in a timely manner could lead to unauthorized access to our systems and data, resulting in adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial condition. We also make acquisitions periodically. While significant effort is placed on addressing information technology security issues with respect to the companies we acquire, we may inherit such risks when these acquisitions are integrated into our infrastructure. Although we conduct due diligence during acquisition processes, acquired businesses may not have invested as heavily in security measures and technology, and this may introduce additional security risk. While we have dedicated resources responsible for maintaining appropriate levels of cybersecurity, and implemented systems and processes intended to help identify cyberattacks and protect and remediate our network infrastructure, we may not be able to anticipate, prevent or detect all such attacks. As these threats continually evolve, we are required to devote additional resources and investment to modify or enhance our systems and processes, including patch and vulnerability management, which we may not be able to do in a timely or complete manner, or without adversely impacting our business, financial condition or results of operations. We make a range of commitments to our clients regarding our security practices, processes and security posture. If we do not adequately implement and enforce these security practices to the satisfaction of our clients, we could be in violation of our commitments to our clients. Cyberattacks, security breaches or third-party reports of perceived security vulnerability to our systems, even if no breach has occurred, also could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, regulatory actions, loss of client confidence and increased legal liability. While we maintain insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of cybersecurity and data protection risks, such coverage may not include, or may not be sufficient to cover, all or the majority of the costs, losses or types of claims. 14 Table of Contents A prolonged or recurring outage and other business continuity disruptions could result in a reduced or total loss of service; the loss of clients and adverse impact on our reputation Our clients rely on us for the delivery of time-sensitive, accurate, complete and up-to-date data and applications. Our business is dependent on our ability to process substantial volumes of data and transactions rapidly and efficiently on our computer-based networks, database storage facilities, and other network infrastructure, which are located across multiple facilities globally. If we experience significant growth of our client base, increases in the number of products or services we offer, or increases in the speed at which we are required to provide products and services, it may strain our systems. Additionally, our systems and networks may become strained due to aging or end-of-life technology that we have not yet updated or replaced. Our computer operations, as well as our other business centers, and those of our suppliers and clients, may be vulnerable to interruption by fire, natural disaster, public health crisis (e.g., pandemics), extreme weather or climate conditions, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war or civil unrest, internet failures, computer viruses, security breaches, employee or systems errors, and other events beyond our reasonable control. In addition, in remote work environments, the daily activities and productivity of our workforce is now more closely tied to key vendors consistently delivering their services without material disruption. Our ability to deliver information using the internet and to operate in a remote working environment may be impaired because of infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers, malicious attacks, or other factors. We also currently use multiple providers of cloud services; however, one supplier provides the majority of our cloud computing support. While we believe this provider to be reliable, we have limited control over its performance, and a disruption or loss of service from this provider could impair our system's operation and our ability to operate for a period of time. We maintain back-up facilities and certain other redundancies for each of our data centers to minimize the risk that any event will disrupt those operations, but if we were to suffer such an event it may mean we are unable to provide our service for a prolonged period of time, and our IT disaster recovery processes may not be adequate. From time to time we have experienced outages across certain of our products and service providers, and we may still experience outages or other disruptions in the future, and such outages or disruptions may have a material adverse effect on the Company. We are currently implementing a multi-year project to enhance our information technology disaster recovery processes with modernized tooling and automation to maximize resiliency and minimize recovery time in the event of a service disruption. However, a loss of our services involving our significant facilities may materially disrupt our business and may induce our clients to seek alternative data suppliers. Any such losses or damages we incur could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we seek to minimize these risks through security measures, controls, back-up data centers, emergency planning and disaster recovery processes, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be successful or effective. Additionally, we may face significant increases in our use of power and data storage and may experience a shortage of capacity and increased costs associated with such usage. Transition to new technologies, applications and processes could expose us to unanticipated disruptions or impacts The technology landscape is constantly evolving. To remain competitive, we must invest, adapt and migrate to new technologies, applications and processes, including the evolving use of AI technology and agentic AI (see " Our use of AI technologies may not be successful and may present business, compliance, and reputational risks " below for further discussion). Use of more advanced technologies and infrastructure is critical to the development of our products and services, the scaling of our business for future growth, and the accurate maintenance of our data and operations. The implementation of new technologies and infrastructure, such as migration to new cloud-based systems and increased utilization of AI internally and in our products and services, is complex and can involve substantial expenditures, as well as, risks inherent in the conversion to any new system, including potential loss of information and disruption to operations. Use of open source software could introduce security vulnerabilities, impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and services, and subject us to increased costs We use open source code in our software development and incorporate it into our products and internal systems. The use of open source code may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software. Open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality or security of the code. Some open source licenses provide that if we combine our proprietary applications with the open source software in a certain manner, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary applications to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar products with less development effort and time and ultimately put us at a competitive disadvantage. We have implemented procedures to control the use of open source code so as to mitigate this risk; however, the terms of many open source licenses are also ambiguous and have not been interpreted by U.S. or other courts. Therefore, there 15 Table of Contents is a risk that our internal procedures controlling the use of open source code could fail, or that the licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on us. If any of this were to occur, we could be required to seek alternative third-party licenses at increased costs or reduced scope, to re-engineer products or systems, or potentially to discontinue the licensing of certain products. Any remedial actions could divert resources away from our development efforts, be time intensive and have a significant cost. Our use of AI technologies may not be successful and may present business, compliance, and reputational risks We use, and are expanding our use of, machine learning and AI technologies in our products and processes. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving AI technological developments, or fail to launch products that are competitive, our competitive position and business results may be negatively impacted. If our competitors or other third parties incorporate AI technologies, such as emerging generative and agentic AI, into their products and processes more quickly or more successfully than us, this could impair our ability to compete effectively. Our use of AI technologies, including generative and agentic AI, requires resources to develop, test and maintain such products, which is costly. Despite our investments in, and commitment of resources to, the development of AI products and technologies, we may not be successful in generating revenues from these efforts. In addition, third parties may be able to use AI to create technology that could reduce demand for our products and services. The introduction of AI technologies, particularly generative and agentic AI, into new or existing offerings may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality, data privacy or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. For example, AI technologies can lead to unintended consequences and errors, including generating content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, misleading or otherwise flawed, or that results in unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes, which could harm our reputation and expose us to liability. If the content, analyses, or recommendations that AI applications assist in producing are, or are alleged to be, deficient, inaccurate, unreliable, misleading, biased, discriminatory or otherwise flawed, any of which may not be easily detectable, our business and reputation may be adversely affected. Use of AI technologies, and the evolving legal, regulatory and compliance framework for AI, could impact our ability to protect our data and intellectual property, as well as vendor and client information, and could expose us to intellectual property or other claims by third parties. Use of AI technologies may also increase risks related to cyberattacks or other security incidents or result in a failure to protect confidential information. Because AI technology is highly complex and rapidly developing, it is not possible to predict all of the legal, operational or technological risks that may arise relating to our use of AI. These risks include the possibility of enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation or other legal liability, compliance issues, ethical concerns, negative client perceptions, confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors. Any of these issues could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. AI technologies used in our products and processes may use or incorporate data from third-party sources, including information they input into the AI tools, which may expose us to risks associated with data rights and protection. Strategy and Market Demand Risks Competition in our industry may cause price reductions or loss of market share, or limit our growth or profitability We continue to experience intense competition across all of our products and services, with competitors ranging in size from smaller, highly specialized, single-product businesses to multi-billion-dollar companies. New and existing competitors are constantly developing innovative products or business models, including alternative data, analytics, technology-enabled platforms, and fintech solutions. Many of these competitors also have significant AI capabilities and funding. Some of these competitors may be able to introduce new technology, deliver products and services, or leverage data and analytics faster or more effectively than we can. The rapid pace of technological change, including advances in AI, cloud computing, and machine learning, along with evolving client demands, could cause our products and services to become outdated or less competitive. If we fail to keep pace with innovation, invest in developing new technology or data products, or successfully respond to disruptive competitors and emerging industry standards, our market position, revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. While we believe the breadth and depth of our suite of products and applications offer benefits to our clients that are a competitive advantage, our competitors may offer price incentives to attract new business. Future competitive pricing pressures may result in decreased sales volumes and price reductions, resulting in lower revenues and ASV. Weak economic conditions may also result in clients seeking to utilize lower-cost information that is available from alternative sources. The impact of cost-cutting pressures across the industries we serve could lower demand for our products and services. Clients within the financial services industry that strive to reduce their operating costs may seek to reduce their spending on financial market data and related services, such as ours. If our clients consolidate their spending with fewer suppliers, by selecting suppliers with lower-cost offerings or by self-sourcing their needs for financial market data, our business could be negatively affected. 16 Table of Contents The continued shift from active to passive investing could negatively impact user count growth and revenues The predominant investment strategy today is no longer active investing, which attempts to outperform the market. The main advantage of active management is the expectation that the investment managers will be able to outperform market indices. They make informed investment decisions based on their experiences, insights, knowledge and ability to identify opportunities that can translate into superior performance. The main advantage of passive investing is that it closely matches the performance of market indices. Passive investing requires little decision-making by investment managers and low operating costs which result in lower fees for the investor. A continued shift to passive investing, resulting in an increased outflow to passively managed index funds, could reduce demand for the services of active investment managers and consequently, the demand of our clients for our products and services. A decline in equity and/or fixed income returns may impact the buying power of investment management clients A significant portion of our ASV is derived from our investment management clients, and the profitability and management fees of many of these clients are tied to assets under management. An equity market decline not only depresses the value of assets under management but also could cause a significant increase in redemption requests from our clients’ customers, further reducing their assets under management. Reduced client profits and management fees may cause our clients to cut costs. Moreover, extended declines in the equity and fixed income markets may reduce new fund or client creation. Each of these developments may result in lower demand from investment managers for our products and services, which could negatively affect our business. Uncertainty or downturns in the global economy and consolidation in the financial services industry may cause us to lose clients and users Many of our clients are asset and wealth managers, investment and commercial bankers, hedge funds, private equity and venture capital professionals, and other financial services entities. Uncertainty or downturns in the global economy or a lack of confidence in the global financial system could negatively impact our clients, which could cause a corresponding negative impact on our business results. Mergers, consolidation or contraction of our clients in the financial services industry also could directly impact the number of clients, prospective clients and users of our products and services. If our clients merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our products and services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our products and services. Thus, economic uncertainty, economic downturns, lack of confidence in the global financial system, and consolidation in this sector could adversely affect our business, financial results and future growth. Volatility or downturns in the financial markets may delay the spending pattern of clients and reduce future ASV growth The decision on the part of large institutional clients to purchase our products and services often requires management-level sponsorship and typically depends upon the size of the client, with larger clients having more complex and time-consuming purchasing processes. The process is also influenced by market volatility and market downturns. These characteristics often lead us to engage in relatively lengthy sales efforts. Purchases (and incremental ASV) may therefore be delayed as uncertainties or downturns in the financial markets may cause clients to remain cautious about capital and data content expenditures, particularly in uncertain economic environments. Market volatility or market downturns may curtail our client's spending and lead them to delay or defer purchasing decisions or product service implementations, or cause them to cancel or reduce their spending with us, which could negatively impact our revenues and future growth. Failure to develop and market new products and enhancements that maintain our technological and competitive position and failure to anticipate and respond to changes in the marketplace for our products and client demands The market for our products is characterized by rapid technological change, including developing technologies such as AI, including agentic AI, methods and speed of delivery, changes in client demands, development of new investment instruments and evolving industry standards. The direction of these trends can render our existing products less competitive, obsolete or unmarketable. As a result, our future success will continue to depend upon our ability to identify and develop new products and enhancements that address the future needs of our target markets and to respond to their changing standards and practices. We may not be successful in developing, introducing, marketing, licensing and implementing new products and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis or without impacting the stability and efficiency of existing products and client systems. Further, any new products and enhancements may not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources, for example, to developing and utilizing AI technology, before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in products and services that satisfy our clients' needs and generate revenues required to provide the desired results. Our failure or inability to anticipate and respond to changes in the marketplace, including competitor and supplier developments, may also adversely affect our business, operations and growth. 17 Table of Contents Errors or defects can exist at any point in a product's life cycle, but are more frequently found after the introduction of new products or enhancements to existing products. Despite internal testing and testing by clients, our products may contain errors. We may also experience delays while developing and introducing new products for various reasons, such as difficulties in licensing data inputs. Defects, errors, or delays in our products that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection or delay in market acceptance, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, lower rate of license renewals or upgrades, diversion of development resources, product liability claims or regulatory actions, or increases in service and support costs. Clients are seeking additional contractual protections that may create additional liabilities for us Clients are increasingly looking to pass on contractual obligations to us, which may include service level, information and cyber-security requirements and audit rights. Many of our clients in the financial services sector are also subject to regulations and requirements to adopt risk management processes commensurate with the level of risk and complexity of their third-party relationships (including as required under the European Union ("EU") Digital Operational Resilience Acts ("DORA")), and provide rigorous oversight of relationships that involve certain "critical activities," some of which may be deemed to be provided by us. Any failure on our part to comply with the specific provisions in client contracts, including having appropriate information security capabilities, could result in the imposition of various penalties, which may include termination of contracts, service credits, suspension of payments, contractual penalties, adverse monetary judgments, and, in the case of government contracts, suspension from future government contracting. Even if the outcome of any claims brought against us were ultimately favorable, such a claim would require the time and attention of our management, personnel, as well as financial and other resources and potentially pose a significant disruption to our normal business operations and reputational damage. Failure to identify, integrate, or realize anticipated benefits of acquisitions and strains on resources as a result of growth In fiscal 2025, we completed several corporate transactions, including the acquisition of Irwin, LiquidityBook and LogoIntern. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates for successful acquisition at acceptable prices. Additionally, there may be integration risks or other risks resulting from acquired businesses. Our ability to achieve the expected returns and synergies from past and future acquisitions and alliances depends in part upon our ability to integrate the offerings, technology, sales, administrative functions and key personnel of these businesses effectively into our core business. We cannot guarantee that our acquired businesses will perform at the levels anticipated. In addition, past and future acquisitions may subject us to unanticipated risks or liabilities or disrupt operations. Growth, such as the addition of new clients and acquisitions, puts demands on our resources, including our internal systems and infrastructure. These may require improvements or replacement to meet the additional demands of a larger organization. Further, the addition of new clients and the implementation of such improvements would require additional management time and resources. These needs may result in increased costs that could negatively impact results of operations. Failure to implement needed improvements, such as improved scalability, could result in a deterioration in the performance of our internal systems and negatively impact the performance of our business. Failure to maintain reputation We enjoy a positive reputation in the marketplace. Our ability to attract and retain clients and employees is affected by external perceptions of our brand and reputation. Reputational damage from negative perceptions or publicity, including, without limitation, market perception of our sustainability and corporate responsibility policies and practices, could affect our ability to attract and retain clients and employees and our ability to maintain our pricing for our products and services. Although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Increased scrutiny with respect to sustainability matters New laws, regulations, policies, and international agreements relating to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters are being developed and formalized in Europe and elsewhere globally, which requires us to comply with specific, target-driven frameworks, disclosure and other requirements in multiple jurisdictions. Increased public, political or media scrutiny concerning ESG or climate matters may negatively affect our reputation. We may face criticism in respect of our climate and ESG products. We may also face increased scrutiny from political leaders, organizations or groups criticizing ESG or climate-focused products, or our compliance with global ESG regulations. Such scrutiny may impact demand for our products or limit our ability to attract and retain clients, resulting in adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial condition. 18 Table of Contents Operational Risks Operations outside the U.S. involve additional requirements and burdens that we may not be able to control or manage successfully In fiscal 2025, approximately 39% of our revenues related to operations located outside the U.S. In addition, approximately 80% of our employees are located in offices outside the U.S., including India and the Philippines. We expect our growth to continue outside the U.S. Our non-U.S. operations involve risks that differ from or are in addition to those faced by our U.S. operations. These risks include difficulties in developing products, services and technology tailored to the needs of non-U.S. clients, including in emerging markets; different employment laws and rules; rising labor costs in lower-wage countries; difficulties in staffing and managing personnel that are 

=== FDS_2026-07-01.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS For a discussion of our risk factors, please see Part 1, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Items 2(a) and (b) are not applicable as there have been no unregistered sales of equity securities. (i) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table provides a month-to-month summary of our share repurchase activity during the three months ended May 31, 2026: Period Total number of shares purchased (1) Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (2) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (2) March 2026 341,510 $ 209.86 341,510 $ 625,401 April 2026 295,110 $ 227.04 295,110 $ 558,398 May 2026 291,765 $ 222.29 289,750 $ 494,000 Total 928,385 926,370 (1) Includes 926,370 shares purchased under the stock repurchase program, as well as 2,015 shares repurchased to satisfy withholding tax obligations due upon the vesting of stock-based awards. (2) On June 17, 2025, our Board of Directors authorized up to $400 million for share repurchases on or after September 1, 2025. On December 16, 2025, our Board of Directors approved an additional $600 million in share repurchase authority, which was available immediately with no expiration date. The additional authorization also removed the expiration date from the June 17, 2025 authorization. As of May 31, 2026, $494.0 million remained available under our share repurchase program. Repurchases may be made from time-to-time in the open market or via privately negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions. There is no defined number of shares to be repurchased over a specified timeframe through the life of our share repurchase program. It is expected that share repurchases will be paid using existing and future cash generated by operations. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None of our directors or officers (as defined in Section 16 of the Exchange Act), adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408(a) and (c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarter ended May 31, 2026. 53 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit No. Filing Date Filed Herewith 10.1 Employment Agreement dated April 2, 2026 between FactSet Research Systems Inc. and Joshua Warren X 10.2 Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims between FactSet Research Systems Inc. and Helen Shan X 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended X 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended X 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase X 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 54 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. FACTSET RESEARCH SYSTEMS INC. (Registrant) Date: July 1, 2026 /s/ JOSHUA WARREN Joshua Warren Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ GREGORY T. MOSKOFF Gregory T. Moskoff Managing Director, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 55 