=== REG_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors " of this Report. When considering an investment in our securities, you should carefully read the risk factors described in Item 1A and consider these risks, together with all other information in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our other filings with and submissions to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). If any of the events described in the risk factors actually occur, our business, financial condition or operating results, as well as the market price of our securities, could be materially adversely affected. Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are made, and Regency undertakes no duty to update its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise, except as and to the extent required by law. Certain forward-looking and other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or other locations, such as on our corporate website, may also contain references to various corporate responsibility or environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") standards and frameworks, which are used or followed by certain of our investors. These standards and frameworks are often reliant on third-party information or methodologies that are subject to evolving expectations and practices, and our approach to and discussion of these matters may continue to evolve as well. For example, our disclosures may change due to changes in the expectations of our investors, the requirements of these standards and frameworks, availability of information, our business, and applicable governmental law or policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 1 PAR T I Item 1. B usiness Regency Centers Corporation is a fully integrated real estate company and self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust that began its operations as a publicly-traded REIT in 1993. Our corporate headquarters are located at One Independent Drive, Suite 114, Jacksonville, Florida. Regency Centers, L.P. is a subsidiary through which Regency Centers Corporation conducts substantially all of its operations, and which owns, directly or indirectly, substantially all of its assets. Our business consists of acquiring, developing, owning, and operating income-producing retail real estate principally located in suburban trade areas with compelling demographics within the United States of America ("USA" or "United States"). We generate revenues by leasing space to necessity, service, convenience, and value-based retailers serving the essential needs of our communities. Regency has been an S P 500 Index member since 2017. As of December 31, 2025, we had full or partial equity ownership interests in 481 properties, primarily anchored by market leading grocery stores, encompassing approximately 58.4 million square feet ("SF") of gross leasable area ("GLA"). Our Pro-rata share of this GLA is approximately 50.5 million SF, including our share of properties owned through unconsolidated real estate partnerships. We are a preeminent national owner, operator, and developer of neighborhood and community shopping centers predominantly located in suburban trade areas with compelling demographics. Our mission is to create thriving environments for retailers and service providers to connect with surrounding neighborhoods and communities. Our vision is to elevate quality of life as an integral thread in the fabric of our communities. Our portfolio includes thriving properties merchandised with highly productive grocers, restaurants, service providers, and best-in-class retailers that connect with their neighborhoods, communities, and customers. Our values: We are our people: Our people are our greatest asset, and we believe that our highly skilled and talented team makes us better. We do what is right: We act with unwavering standards of honesty and integrity. We connect with our communities: We promote philanthropic ideas and strive for the betterment of our neighborhoods by giving our time and financial support. We are responsible: Our duty is to balance purpose and profit, being good stewards of capital and the environment for the benefit of all our stakeholders. We strive for excellence: When we are passionate about what we do, it is reflected in our performance. We are better together: When we listen to each other and our customers, we will succeed together. Our goals are to: Own and manage a portfolio of high-quality neighborhood and community shopping centers anchored primarily by market leading grocers and principally located in suburban trade areas in the most desirable metro areas in the United States. We believe that this strategy will result in highly desirable and attractive centers with best-in-class retailers. These centers should command higher rental and occupancy rates resulting in excellent prospects to grow net operating income ("NOI"); Create shareholder value by increasing earnings and dividends per share that generate total returns at or near the top of our shopping center peers; Maintain an industry leading, disciplined development and redevelopment platform to create exceptional retail centers that deliver favorable returns; and Support our business activities with a conservative capital structure, including a strong balance sheet with sufficient liquidity to meet our capital needs together with a carefully constructed debt maturity profile. 2 Key strategies to achieve our goals are to: Generate same property NOI growth that over the long-term consistently ranks at or near the top of our shopping center peers; Reinvest free cash flow and portfolio enhancement disposition proceeds into high-quality developments, redevelopments and acquisitions in a long term accretive manner; Maintain a conservative balance sheet that provides liquidity, financial flexibility and cost-effective funding of investment opportunities, while also managing debt maturities that enable us to weather economic downturns; Responsibly pursue investor and business-driven corporate responsibility practices; and Attract, retain, and engage an exceptional team with a range of skills and experiences that is guided by our values while fostering an environment of innovation and continuous improvement. Competition We are among the largest owners of shopping centers in the USA based on revenues, number of properties, GLA, and market capitalization. There are numerous companies and individuals engaged in our line of business that compete with us in our targeted markets, including grocery store chains that own shopping centers and also anchor some of our shopping centers. This dynamic results in competition for attracting tenants as well as acquiring existing shopping centers and new development sites. In addition, brick and mortar shopping centers face continued competition from alternative shopping and delivery methods. We believe that our competitive advantages are driven by: the market areas in which we operate, and the locations of our shopping centers within those trade areas; the quality of our shopping centers including our strategy of maintaining and renovating these centers to our high standards; the compelling demographics surrounding our shopping centers; our relationships with our anchor, shop, and out-parcel tenants; our experienced leadership team and cycle-tested expertise; and our ability to successfully develop, redevelop, and acquire shopping centers. Corporate Responsibility and Human Capital We strive to create thriving environments for retailers and service providers to connect with surrounding neighborhoods and communities. This is essential for our business and our tenants' businesses. For this reason, corporate responsibility is a foundational strategy of Regency. We believe that alignment of strategy and business sustainability is critical to the long-term success of our Company, our shareholders, the environment, and the communities in which we operate. To achieve this alignment, our corporate responsibility strategy and practices are built on four pillars: Our People; Our Communities; Ethics and Governance; and Environmental Stewardship. These practices are guided by three overarching concepts: long-term value creation, our Regency brand and reputation, and the importance of maintaining our culture, which has been a crucial driver of our long-term success. Our continued commitment to these concepts helps to guide our business strategy, and identify and focus on key corporate responsibility-related drivers that we expect to contribute to our future success. We regularly review our corporate responsibility strategies, goals, and objectives under these four pillars with our Board of Directors (or the "Board") and its committees, which oversee our programs. More information about our corporate responsibility strategy, goals, performance, and reporting, including our annual Corporate Responsibility Report, and our related policies and practices is available on our website at www.regencycenters.com. The content of our website and other information contained therein, including relating to corporate responsibility, is not incorporated by reference into this Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 3 With respect to each of these four pillars: Our People Our people are our most important asset, and we strive to ensure that they are engaged, passionate about their work, connected to their teams, and supported to deliver their best performance. Regency recognizes and values the importance to the Company's success of attracting and retaining talented individuals with different skills, backgrounds, and experiences to encourage diversity of thought and ideas. In addition, we strive to maintain a safe and healthy workspace, promote employee well-being, and empower our employees by focusing on their personal and professional development through training and education opportunities. As of December 31, 2025, we had 507 employees, including 4 part-time employees. We presently maintain 27 market offices nationwide, including our corporate headquarters in Jacksonville, Florida. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining unit, and we believe our relationship with our employees is good. Our strategy focuses on promoting and advancing high-quality skills and experiences across our organization. The goals of this strategy are to attract, recruit, and retain a talented group of employees to grow, develop, and succeed, as we collectively work to implement our mission and contribute to the long-term strategic, operational and financial success of the organization. Furthermore, aligned with our near-and long-term human capital goals, we remained focused on employee engagement, leveraging our annual employee survey to identify opportunities to improve and further engage our people. Culture - We believe that much of our success is rooted in our teams and our commitment to a vibrant and welcoming culture. We continue to foster a culture in which everyone is respected, valued, and has an opportunity to contribute and thrive. Human Rights Regency is committed to a workplace free from discrimination and harassment and is focused on advancing fundamental human rights. Anti-discrimination and anti-harassment training is provided to all employees at orientation, and annually thereafter. Talent Attraction and Retention Our core values place a strong importance on our people, which are our greatest asset and whom we believe make us an employer of choice. We understand the importance of attracting and retaining the best talent to sustain our history of success and build long-term value. We strive to offer some of the most competitive compensation and benefits in the industry in which we operate and are continually looking for new opportunities to ensure that we attract and retain our people. Training and Development We strive to provide an environment where our people are connected to their teams, passionate about what they do, and supported to deliver their best efforts and results. From individual contributors to managers and senior leaders, we want to empower our employees to take control of their career growth and realize their full potential through meaningful training and development opportunities. Health, Safety, and Well-Being The safety, health, and well-being of our people are a top priority for Regency. We strive to provide a benefit package that is comprehensive, competitive, and thoughtfully designed to attract and retain the best in the industry. We prioritize employee safety at our centers and offices, and require contractors working at our sites to engage in safe work practices. Our Communities Our predominately grocery-anchored neighborhood and community shopping centers provide many benefits to the communities in which we live and work, including significant local economic impact in the form of investment, jobs, and taxes. Our local teams are passionate about investing in and engaging with our communities as they customize and curate our centers to create a distinctive environment to bring our tenants and shoppers together for the best retail experience. We are continually reinvesting in our centers, to enhance placemaking and the overall environment for our tenants and shoppers. We believe philanthropy and charitable giving are important elements of our commitment to the communities in which we operate. Throughout 2025, Regency supported its employees to serve and invest in community organizations through volunteer and financial support. Charitable contributions were made directly by the Company, as well as by the vast majority of our employees who donated their time and money to local non-profits directly serving their communities. Ethics and Governance As long-term stewards of our investors capital, we are committed to best-in-class corporate governance. To create long-term value for our stakeholders, we place great emphasis on our culture and core values, the integrity and transparency of our reporting practices, and our overall governance structure in respect of oversight and shareholder rights. To continue to strive for the best achievable mix of skills, experience, backgrounds, tenures, competencies, and other personal and professional attributes, Regency s Board of Directors annually reviews its overall composition and succession planning process to ensure that it aligns with Regency s ongoing commitment to board refreshment and best-in-class corporate governance. 4 Environmental Stewardship We believe that the resilience and sustainability of our assets and business is in the best interest of our investors, tenants, employees, and the communities in which we operate. We have identified specific strategic priorities and practices intended to further these goals and mitigate the risks to Regency s assets and business: green building, energy efficiency, electric vehicle charging stations, renewable energy, greenhouse gas emissions ("GHG") reduction, water conservation, waste management, and mitigating the effect of climate change as it applies to our real estate portfolio. These strategic priorities support our achievement of key financial and business objectives, while at the same time positively impacting environmental concerns such as climate change, resource scarcity and pollution (including GHG emissions reduction). Throughout 2025, we continued to collaborate closely with our tenants to mitigate their operational environmental impacts, for our mutual business and financial benefit. Our target aims to reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 28% by 2030, measured against a 2019 baseline year, and to achieve net-zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions across all operations by 2050. In addition, the Company has established targets to enhance energy efficiency, manage water and waste responsibly and invest in renewable energy sources and electric vehicle charging stations. These targets reflect input from our investors and tenants. Regency s progress towards these targets, together with our overall resilience and sustainability strategy, are further described in our Corporate Responsibility Report, which report is made available on our web site but is not incorporated into or deemed part of this documents by reference hereto. Based on our current estimates and asset base, we do not expect the pursuit of these targets to materially impact our operating results and financial condition in the near term. As a long-term owner, operator, and developer of real estate, often in coastal and other environmentally sensitive areas, we acknowledge the potential for climate change to have a material impact on our properties and long-term success as a business. Regency wants to ensure that our properties can safely, sustainably, responsibly and profitably withstand the test of time. We continue to refine our understanding of our exposure to climate-related impacts by conducting ongoing property-level analysis as well as the risks that climate change may pose to our business. Compliance with Governmental Regulations We are subject to various regulatory and tax-related requirements within the jurisdictions in which we operate. Changes to such requirements, or the interpretation of such requirements by applicable regulatory bodies or the judiciary, may result in unanticipated material financial impacts or adverse tax consequences and could materially affect our operating results and financial condition. Significant regulatory requirements include the laws and regulations described below. REIT Laws and Regulations We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the federal income tax laws. As a REIT, we are generally not subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our shareholders. Under the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"), REITs are subject to numerous regulatory requirements, including the requirement to generally distribute at least 90% of taxable income each year, excluding any net capital gains. We will be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax to the extent that we distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income (including net capital gains) and will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount by which our distributions in any calendar year are less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. In addition, we may be subject to certain state and local income and franchise taxes. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, distributions to stockholders will not be deductible by us, we will not be required to distribute any amounts to our stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders will be taxable as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. We will also generally not qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during which qualification is lost. We have elected to treat certain of our subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS"). In general, a TRS may engage in any real estate business and certain non-real estate businesses, subject to certain limitations under the Code. A TRS is subject to federal and state income taxes which, to date, have not been material to us. Environmental Laws and Regulations Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations (collectively, "environmental laws"), we may be liable for some or all of the cost to assess and remediate certain hazardous substances at our shopping centers. To the extent any environmental issues arise, they most typically stem from the historic practices of current and former dry cleaners, gas stations, automotive repair shops, and other similar businesses at our centers, as well as the presence of asbestos in some structures. These environmental laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or committed the acts or omissions that caused the presence of the hazardous substances. The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly address contamination caused by such substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property or borrow using the property as collateral, and could result in claims by and liabilities to third parties relating to contamination that emanated from our properties. Although we have a number of properties that could require or are currently undergoing varying levels of assessment and remediation, known environmental liabilities are not currently expected to have a material impact on our financial condition. 5 Information About Our Executive Officers Our executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and each of our executive officers has been employed by us for more than five years. As of the date of this Report, our executive officers are: Name Age Title Executive Officer in Position Shown Since Martin E. Stein, Jr. 73 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 2020 (1) Lisa Palmer 58 President and Chief Executive Officer 2020 (2) Michael J. Mas 50 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 2019 (3) Alan T. Roth 50 East Region President Chief Operating Officer 2023 (4) Nicholas A. Wibbenmeyer 45 West Region President Chief Investment Officer 2023 (5) (1) Mr. Stein was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors effective January 1, 2020. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Stein served as Chief Executive Officer from 1993 through December 31, 2019 and Chairman of the Board since 1999. (2) Ms. Palmer was named Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2020, in addition to her responsibilities as President, a position she has held since January 2016. Prior to this appointment, Ms. Palmer served as Chief Financial Officer since January 2013. Prior to that, Ms. Palmer served as Senior Vice President of Capital Markets since 2003 and has been with the Company since 1996. (3) Mr. Mas was named Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer effective August 2019. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Mas served as Managing Director, Finance, since February 2017, and Senior Vice President, Capital Markets, since 2013, and has been with the Company since 2003. (4) Mr. Roth was named East Region President Chief Operating Officer, effective January 1, 2024. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Roth served as Executive Vice President, National Property Operations and East Region President, since 2023, and Senior Managing Director, East Region since 2020. Prior to that, he served as Managing Director Northeast Region since 2016 and has been with the Company since 1997. (5) Mr. Wibbenmeyer was named West Region President Chief Investment Officer, effective January 1, 2024. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Wibbenmeyer served as Executive Vice President, West Region President since 2023 and Senior Managing Director, West Region since 2020. Prior to that, he served as Managing Director of Florida and the Midwest Region since 2016, and has been with the Company since 2005. Company Website Access and SEC Filings Our website may be accessed at www.regencycenters.com . Our filings with the SEC can be accessed free of charge through our website promptly after filing; however, in the event that the website is inaccessible, we will provide paper copies of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, the most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, current reports filed or furnished on Form 8-K, and all related amendments, excluding exhibits, free of charge upon request. These filings are also accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. General Information Our registrar and stock transfer agent is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC ("Broadridge"), Edgewood, NY. The Company's stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, with its common stock traded under the ticker symbol "REG," and the Company's 6.250% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, and 5.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock trade under the ticker symbols "REGCP," and "REGCO," respectively. Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP , Jacksonville, Florida , Firm ID 185 . Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to the required Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") presentations, we use and report certain non-GAAP financial measures as we believe these measures improve the understanding of our operational results. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to our Board of Directors, management and investors regarding certain trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Our management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to compare our performance to that of prior periods for trend analyses, purposes of determining management incentive compensation and budgeting, forecasting and planning purposes. We continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, limitations, and calculation of our reported non-GAAP financial measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change. 6 We do not consider non-GAAP financial measures an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, rather they supplement GAAP measures by providing additional information we believe to be useful to our shareholders. The principal limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures is that they may exclude significant expense and income items that are required by GAAP to be recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, they reflect the exercise of management's judgment about which expense and income items are excluded or included in determining these non-GAAP financial measures. In order to compensate for these limitations, reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures we use to their most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be relied upon in evaluating the financial condition, results of operations, or future prospects of the Company. Our non-GAAP financial measures include the following: Adjusted Funds From Operations ("AFFO") is an additional performance measure we use that reflects cash available to fund the Company s business needs and distribution to shareholders. AFFO is calculated by adjusting Core Operating Earnings ("COE") for (i) capital expenditures necessary to maintain and lease our portfolio of properties, (ii) debt cost and derivative adjustments and (iii) stock-based compensation. Core Operating Earnings is an additional performance measure we use because the computation of Nareit Funds from Operations ("Nareit FFO") includes certain non-comparable items that affect our period-over-period performance. Core Operating Earnings excludes from Nareit FFO: (i) transaction related income or expenses, (ii) gains or losses from the early extinguishment of debt, (iii) certain non-cash components of earnings derived from straight-line rents, above and below market rent amortization, and debt and derivative mark-to-market amortization, and (iv) other amounts as they occur. Nareit Funds from Operations ("Nareit FFO") is a commonly used measure of REIT performance, which Nareit defines as net income, computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains on sales and impairments of real estate, net of tax, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated real estate investment partnerships and joint ventures. We compute Nareit FFO for all periods presented in accordance with Nareit's definition. Companies use different depreciable lives and methods, and real estate values historically fluctuate with market conditions. Since Nareit FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and gains on sale and impairments of real estate, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, reflects the impact on operations from trends in percent leased, rental rates, operating costs, acquisition and development activities, and financing costs. This provides a perspective of our financial performance not immediately apparent from net income determined in accordance with GAAP. Thus, Nareit FFO is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of our operating performance, which does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP; and, therefore, should not be considered a substitute measure of cash flows from operations. Net Operating Income ("NOI") is the sum of base rent, percentage rent, termination fee income, tenant recoveries, other lease income, and other property income, less operating and maintenance expenses, real estate taxes, ground rent, termination expense, and uncollectible lease income. NOI excludes straight-line rental income and expense, above and below market rent and ground rent amortization, tenant lease inducement amortization, and other fees. We also provide disclosure of NOI excluding termination fees, which excludes both termination fee income and expenses. Management believes that NOI is a useful measure for investors because it provides insight into the core operations and performance of our properties, independent of the capital structure, financing activities, and non-operating factors. By focusing on property-level performance, NOI allows investors to compare the performance of our real estate assets across periods and with those of other REIT peers in the industry, facilitating a clearer understanding of trends in occupancy, rental income, and operating expense management. In addition to its relevance for investors, management uses NOI as a key performance metric in making operational and strategic decisions. NOI is used to evaluate income generated from shopping centers (i.e., return on assets) and to guide decisions on capital investments. These decisions may include acquisitions, redevelopments, and investments in capital improvements. Pro-rata information includes 100% of our consolidated properties plus our economic share (based on our ownership interest) in our unconsolidated real estate investment partnerships. We provide Pro-rata financial information because we believe it assists investors and analysts in estimating our economic interest in our consolidated and unconsolidated real estate investment partnerships, when read in conjunction with our reported results under GAAP. We believe presenting our Pro-rata share of assets, liabilities, operating results, and other metrics, along with certain other non-GAAP financial measures, makes comparisons of our operating results to those of other REITs more meaningful. The Pro-rata information provided is not, nor is it intended to be, presented in accordance with GAAP. The Pro-rata supplemental details of assets and liabilities and supplemental details of operations reflect our proportionate economic ownership of the assets, liabilities, and operating results of the properties in our portfolio. 7 The Pro-rata information is prepared on a basis consistent with the comparable consolidated amounts and is intended to more accurately reflect our proportionate economic interest in the assets, liabilities, and operating results of properties in our portfolio. We do not control the unconsolidated real estate investment partnerships, and the Pro-rata presentations of the assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses do not represent our legal claim to such items. The partners are entitled to profit or loss allocations and distributions of cash flows according to the operating agreements, which generally provide for such allocations according to their invested capital. Our share of invested capital establishes the ownership interests we use to prepare our Pro-rata share. The presentation of Pro-rata information has limitations which include, but are not limited to, the following: o The amounts shown on the individual line items were derived by applying our overall economic ownership interest percentage determined when applying the equity method of accounting and do not necessarily represent our legal claim to the assets and liabilities, or the revenues and expenses; and o Other companies in our industry may calculate their Pro-rata interest differently, limiting the comparability of Pro-rata information. Because of these limitations, the Pro-rata financial information should not be considered independently or as a substitute for our financial statements as reported under GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP financial statements, using the Pro-rata information as a supplement. Pro-rata Same Property NOI is a key non-GAAP financial measure commonly used by REITs to evaluate operating performance. It is calculated on a proportionate ownership basis for properties held during the comparable reporting periods, excluding revenue and expenses related to non-same properties during the applicable periods. Management believes this measure provides investors with a useful and consistent comparison of the Company s operating performance and trends. Management uses Pro-rata Same Property NOI as a supplemental measure to assess property-level performance, excluding the effects of corporate-level expenses, financing costs, and non-operating activities. This measure allows investors to evaluate trends in revenue and expense growth for properties that have been consistently operated during the periods. Other Defined Terms The following terms, as defined, are commonly used by management and the investing public to understand, and evaluate our operational results, and are included in this document: Anchor Space is space equal to or greater than 10,000 square feet in a Retail Operating Property. Development Completion is a Property in Development that is deemed complete upon the earlier of: (i) 90% of total estimated net development costs have been incurred and percent leased equals or exceeds 95%, or (ii) the property features at least two years of anchor operations. Once deemed complete, the property is termed a Retail Operating Property. A Non-Same Property is any property, during either calendar year period being compared, that was acquired, sold, a Property in Development, a Development Completion, or a property under, or being positioned for, significant redevelopment that distorts comparability between periods. Non-retail properties and corporate activities, including the captive insurance program, are part of Non-Same Property. Property In Development includes properties in various stages of ground-up development. Property In Redevelopment includes Retail Operating Properties under redevelopment or being positioned for redevelopment. Unless otherwise indicated, a Property in Redevelopment is included in the Same Property pool. Redevelopment Completion is a Property in Redevelopment that is deemed complete upon the earlier of: (i) 90% of total estimated project costs have been incurred and percent leased equals or exceeds 95% for the Company owned GLA related to the project, or (ii) the property features at least two years of anchor operations, if applicable. Retail Operating Property is any retail property not termed a Property in Development. A retail property is any property where the majority of the income is generated from retail uses. Same Property is a Retail Operating Property that was owned and operated for the entirety of both calendar year periods being compared. This term excludes Properties in Development, prior year Development Completions, and Non-Same Properties. Properties in Redevelopment are included unless otherwise indicated. Shop Space is space under 10,000 square feet in a Retail Operating Property. 8 Item 1A. R isk Factors Our operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those listed below. When considering an investment in our securities, carefully read and consider these risks, together with all other information in our other filings and submissions to the SEC, which provide additional information and detail. If any of the events described in the following risk factors actually occur, our business, financial condition and/or operating results, as well as the market price of our securities, could be materially adversely affected. Risk Factors Related to the Current Economic and Geopolitical Environment. Macroeconomic, political, and geopolitical conditions and governmental policies may adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and the businesses of our tenants and could, in turn, adversely impact our business. Our business, and the businesses of our tenants, are significantly influenced by overall economic conditions and consumer spending in the United States. A variety of macroeconomic, political, and geopolitical factors, driven in some cases by governmental policy decisions, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect the operating environment for retailers and service providers, including increasing the potential for a recession. These factors include federal budgetary and spending policies, actions taken by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "U.S. Federal Reserve"), inflationary pressures, changes in interest rates, energy price changes, labor availability and shortages (including those influenced by governmental immigration policies), supply chain disruptions, tightening credit markets, decreases in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, increases in unemployment and broader uncertainty in the macroeconomic outlook and capital markets. Geopolitical events and United States governmental policies relating thereto could also impact our business and the businesses of our tenants. These include, without limitation, changes in trade and tariff policies (as well as potential trade disputes and retaliatory actions by other countries), entry into and termination of treaties and trade agreements, and economic sanctions. In addition, geopolitical conflicts, including the war involving Russia and Ukraine, conflicts and instability in the Middle East and Venezuela, geopolitical conflicts in other regions, and economic or political tensions with trading partners including China (including any slowing of its economy), could adversely impact the businesses of our tenants and, hence, our business, It is unclear whether and when these geopolitical challenges and uncertainties will be mitigated or resolved, and what effect they may have on global political and economic conditions over the long term. The individual or aggregate impact of any or all of these events, conditions and policy decisions may reduce consumer spending, increase our tenants operating costs, reduce demand for their products or services, impact their access to labor or credit, and impair their ability to meet their lease obligations. In turn, this could negatively affect the overall market for retail space, resulting in decreased demand for space in our centers, which could result in reduced leasing activity, downward pressure on rents that we are able to charge to new or renewing tenants and higher vacancy levels, such that future rent collection and recovery of operating expenses could be adversely impacted and uncollectible rent income could increase. Further, we may experience higher costs for tenant buildouts, as costs of materials and labor may increase and supply and availability of either or both may become more limited. All of this, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows, and the financial condition of the Company. Changes in interest rates may adversely impact our cost to borrow, real estate valuation, stock price, and ability to raise capital through issuance of debt and equity. The U.S. Federal Reserve has changed its benchmark federal funds rate at different times since 2021. Currently, the federal funds rate remains elevated as compared with the 2010-2020 period. The federal funds rate has historically been adjusted by the U.S. Federal Reserve to address its perception of economic conditions, including inflation and the jobs market. Although the U.S. Federal Reserve has more recently reduced the federal funds rate, the future direction, magnitude, and pace of interest rate changes as always remain uncertain. Prolonged periods of elevated or volatile interest rates may adversely impact our cost of borrowing. While a significant amount of our outstanding debt has fixed interest rates, we also borrow funds at variable interest rates under the Line. As of December 31, 2025, less than 2.0% of our outstanding debt was variable rate debt not hedged to fixed rate debt. Increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense on any variable rate debt to the extent we have not hedged our exposure to changes in interest rates. In addition to our exposure to variable-rate debt, we have approximately $348.3 million and $752.1 million of consolidated fixed rate debt maturing in 2026 and 2027 that we expect to refinance, in whole or part, by accessing the public and/or private debt markets. If interest rates are elevated or volatile at the time these obligations are refinanced, the cost of issuing new debt could be materially higher than our maturing debt, which would increase our overall cost of capital and adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations, and cash flows. 9 Prolonged periods of high interest rates may also negatively impact the capitalization rates applied by investors when analyzing the valuation of our real estate asset portfolio. This could result in a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, which may adversely impact our ability to raise equity capital on acceptable terms through sales of our common shares, including through our At the Market ("ATM") program, which we have historically used from time to time to refinance debt, fund acquisition, development and redevelopment investments, and for general corporate purposes. Unfavorable developments that may affect the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our business, liquidity and financial condition, and overall results of operations. Liquidity constraints or lack of available credit, the failure of individual institutions, or the inability of individual institutions or the banking and financial service industry generally to meet their contractual obligations, could significantly impair our access to capital, delay access to deposits or other financial assets, or cause actual loss of funds subject to cash management arrangements. Similarly, these events, concerns or speculation could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us and our tenants to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally, our critical vendors and business partners also could be adversely affected by these risks as described above, which in turn could result in their committing a breach or default under their contractual agreements with us, their insolvency or bankruptcy, or other adverse effects. Any decline in available funding, lack of credit in the commercial real estate market, or access to cash and liquidity resources, or non-compliance of banking and financial services counterparties with their contractual commitments to us, our tenants or our critical vendors and business partners could, among other risks, have material adverse impacts on our ability to meet our operating expenses and other financial needs, could result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations, and could have material adverse impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risk Factors Related to Pandemics or other Public Health Crises Pandemics or other public health crises, may adversely affect our tenants' financial condition, the profitability of our properties, and our access to the capital markets and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Although the vast majority of our lease income is derived from contractual rent payments, the ability of certain of our tenants to meet their lease obligations could be negatively impacted by the disruptions and uncertainties of a pandemic or other public health crises. Our tenants' ability to respond to these disruptions and uncertainties, including adjusting to governmental orders and changes in their customers' shopping habits and behaviors, may impact their ability to survive, and as it relates to the Company, their ability to comply with their lease obligations. Therefore, our future results of operations and overall financial performance could be uncertain should a pandemic or other public health crises occur. Risk Factors Related to Operating Retail-Based Shopping Centers Shifts in retail trends, sales, and delivery methods between brick and mortar stores, e-commerce, home delivery, and curbside pick-up, as well as autonomous delivery systems, may adversely impact our revenues, results of operations, and cash flows. Retailers with brick and mortar stores face the risk of the impact of e-commerce and changes in customer buying habits, including shopping from home, the delivery or curbside pick-up of items ordered online, and various experimental retail experiences. Retailers are constantly considering these customer buying habits and other trends when making decisions regarding their brick and mortar stores and how they will compete and innovate in a rapidly changing retail environment. Many retailers in our shopping centers provide services or sell goods which have historically been less likely to be purchased online; however, the continuing change in customer buying habits, including e-commerce sales in all retail categories may cause retailers to adjust the size or number of their retail locations in the future or close stores. For example, our grocer tenants are incorporating e-commerce concepts through third-party delivery platforms, home delivery and curbside pick-up, which could reduce foot traffic at our centers. Autonomous delivery systems, drone deliveries, and robotic fulfillment centers could also reduce the need for strategically located retail space. In addition, while our grocery tenants span a range of different formats, traditional grocers have seen, and may continue to see, loss of business to non-traditional grocers (such as Walmart, and Target), "discount grocers" (such as Aldi and Dollar General) and "specialty grocers" (such as Whole Foods, Trader Joe's and Fresh Market), which may also impact foot traffic at some of our centers. These alternative delivery methods, formats and shift in shopping preferences could be more likely to impact foot traffic at our centers in certain higher-income markets where consumers are willing to pay premiums for such services. Changes in customer buying habits and shopping trends may also impact the profitability and financial condition of retailers that do not adapt to changes in market conditions, and therefore may impact their ability to pay rent. Any or all of these trends, technological changes and offering of different retail options and experiences may adversely impact our percent leased and rental rates, which would impact our results of operations and cash flows. 10 Changing economic and retail market conditions in geographic areas where our properties are concentrated may reduce our revenues and cash flow. Economic conditions in markets where our properties are concentrated can greatly influence our financial performance. Our real estate properties located in California, Florida and the New York-Newark-Jersey City core-based statistical area accounted for 24.8% 19.7%, and 12.6% of our annualized base rent ("ABR"), respectively. Our revenues and cash flow may be adversely affected by this geographic concentration if market conditions, such as supply of or demand for retail space, deteriorate more significantly in these states compared to other geographic areas. Additionally, there is a risk that businesses and residents in major metropolitan cities may relocate to different states or suburban markets. Our success depends on the continued presence and success of our "anchor" tenants. "Anchor Tenants" (tenants occupying Anchor Spaces) operate large stores in our shopping centers, pay a significant portion of the total rent at a property and contribute to the attraction and success of other tenants by drawing shoppers to the property. Our net income and cash flow may be adversely affected by the loss of revenues and incurrence of additional costs in the event a significant Anchor Tenant: becomes bankrupt or insolvent; experiences a downturn in its business or profitability; shifts its capital allocation away from brick and mortar formats; materially defaults on its leases; does not renew its leases as they expire; renews at lower rental rates and/or requires a tenant improvement allowance; or renews but reduces its store size, which results in down-time and additional tenant improvement costs to the landlord to re-lease the vacated space. Due to their desirability as tenants, sought-after Anchor Tenants often exercise considerable leverage in lease negotiations and may obtain favorable provisions relative to other tenants. For example, some Anchor Tenants have the right to vacate their space and may prevent us from re-tenanting by continuing to comply and pay rent in accordance with their lease agreement. Vacated Anchor Space, including space that may be owned by the Anchor Tenant (as discussed below), can reduce rental revenues generated by the shopping center in other spaces because of the loss of the departed anchor's customer drawing power. In addition, if a significant tenant vacates a property, so-called "co-tenancy clauses" in select leases may allow other tenants to modify or terminate their rent payment or other lease obligations. Co-tenancy clauses have several variants: they may allow a tenant to postpone a store opening if certain other tenants fail to open their stores; they may allow a tenant to close its store prior to lease expiration if another tenant closes its store prior to lease expiration; or more commonly, they may allow a tenant to pay reduced levels of rent until a certain number of tenants open their stores within the same shopping center. Additionally, some of our shopping centers are anchored by retailers who own their space in a location that is not strictly within the boundaries of, or is immediately adjacent to, our shopping center ("shadow anchors"). In those cases, the shadow anchors appear to the consumer as a retail tenant of the shopping center and, as a result, attract additional consumer traffic to the center. In the event that a shadow Anchor Space becomes vacant, it could negatively impact our center as consumer traffic would likely be reduced. A percentage of our revenues are derived from "local" tenants and our net income may be adversely impacted if these tenants are not successful, or if the demand for the types or mix of tenants significantly change. At December 31, 2025, tenants with fewer than three locations ("Local Tenants") represent approximately 21% of annualized base rent. Local Tenants vary from retail shops and restaurants to service providers. These Local Tenants may be more vulnerable to unfavorable economic conditions and changing customer buying habits and retail trends than larger tenants, and may have more limited resources and access to capital than national or regional tenants. As such, in the event of a downturn in economic conditions, governmental policy changes or adversely changing retail habits and trends, they may suffer disproportionately greater impacts and be at greater risk of lease default than other tenants. We may be unable to collect balances due from tenants in bankruptcy. Although lease income is supported by long-term lease contracts, tenants who file for bankruptcy have the legal right to reject any or all of their leases and close related stores. In addition, any unsecured claim we hold against a bankrupt tenant for unpaid rent may be paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of unsecured claims. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims we hold (and at times in the past that has been the case). Additionally, we have incurred, and in the future may incur, significant expense to recover our claim and to re-lease the vacated space. In the event that a tenant with a significant number of leases in our shopping centers files for bankruptcy 11 and rejects its leases, we have in the past experienced, and may experience in the future, a significant reduction in our revenues and may not be able to collect all pre-petition amounts owed by the bankrupt tenant. Many of our costs and expenses associated with operating our properties may remain constant or increase, even if our lease income decreases. Certain costs and expenses associated with operating our properties, such as real estate taxes, insurance, utilities and common area expenses, generally do not decrease in the event of reduced occupancy or rental rates, non-payment of rents by tenants, general economic downturns, pandemics or other similar circumstances. For example, in recent years we have seen material increases in the cost of insurance for our properties. As such, we may not be able to lower the operating expenses of our properties sufficiently to fully offset such adverse circumstances and may not be able to fully recoup these costs from our tenants. In such cases, our cash flows, operating results and financial performance may be adversely impacted. Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and other building, fire, and safety regulations may have an adverse effect on us. All of our properties are required to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act (the "ADA"), which generally requires that buildings be made accessible to people with disabilities. Compliance with the ADA requirements has in the past, and may in the future require removal of access barriers, and noncompliance may result in imposition of fines by the U.S. government or an award of damages to private litigants, or both. While the tenants to whom we lease space in our properties are obligated by law to comply with the ADA provisions, and typically under tenant leases are obligated to cover costs associated with compliance, if required changes involve greater expenditures than anticipated, or if the changes must be made on a more accelerated basis than anticipated, the ability of these tenants to cover costs may be adversely affected. In addition, we are required to operate the properties in compliance with fire and safety regulations and building codes as they may be adopted by governmental entities and become applicable to the properties. Costs to be in compliance with the ADA or any other building, fire, and safety regulations could have a material negative impact on our results of operations. Risk Factors Related to Real Estate Investments Our real estate assets may decline in value and be subject to impairment losses which may reduce our net income. Our real estate properties are carried at cost unless circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable, which may result in impairment. We periodically evaluate whether there are any indicators, including declines in property operating performance and general market conditions, such that the value of the real estate properties (including any related tangible or intangible assets or liabilities, including goodwill) may not be recoverable and therefore may be impaired. Our evaluation includes several key assumptions, including rental rates, costs of tenant improvements, leasing commissions, anticipated holding periods, and assumptions regarding the residual value upon disposition, including the exit capitalization rate. These key assumptions are subjective in nature and may differ materially from actual results. Changes in our investment, redevelopment, and disposition strategies or changes in the market where an asset is located may alter management's intended holding period of an asset or asset group, which may result in an impairment loss and such loss may be material to our financial condition or operating performance. The fair value of real estate assets is subjective and is determined through the use of comparable sales information and other market data if available, or through use of an income approach such as the direct capitalization method or the discounted cash flow approach. Such cash flow projections take into account expected future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other relevant criteria, and therefore are subject to management judgment. In estimating the fair value of undeveloped land, we generally use market data and comparable sales information. These subjective assessments have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment charge results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income, which may be material. There can be no assurance that we will not record impairment charges in the future related to our assets. We face risks associated with development, redevelopment, and expansion of properties. We actively pursue opportunities for new retail development and existing property redevelopment and/or expansion. Development and redevelopment activities frequently require various government and other approvals for land use entitlements, and any delay in receiving such approvals may significantly delay development and redevelopment projects. We may not recover our investment in our projects for which approvals are not received, and delays may adversely impact our expected returns. Additionally, changes in political leaders due to elections and/or in governmental policies relating to development may impact our ability to obtain favorable approvals for in-process and future developments and redevelopment projects. 12 We are subject to other risks associated with development and redevelopment projects, including the following: we may be unable to lease newly developed or redeveloped projects to full occupancy on a timely basis; the occupancy rates and rents of a completed project may not be sufficient to make the project profitable, or otherwise not meet our investment return expectations; actual costs of a project may exceed original estimates, possibly making the project unprofitable, or not meet our investment return expectations; delays in the development or construction process, including supply chain disruption, may increase our costs; construction cost increases may reduce investment returns on development and redevelopment opportunities, or require us to postpone or abandon a project or projects; we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities and lose our investment due to adverse market conditions; the size of our development and redevelopment pipeline may strain our labor or capital capacity to complete the development and redevelopment projects within targeted timelines and may reduce our investment returns; a reduction in the demand for new retail space may reduce our future development and redevelopment activities, which in turn may reduce our NOI; and changes in the level of future development and redevelopment activity may adversely impact our results of operations by reducing the amount of internal overhead costs that may be capitalized. We face risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial properties. If we engage in more complex acquisitions and mixed-use development and redevelopment projects, there could be more unique risks to our return on investment. Mixed-use projects refer to real estate projects that, in addition to retail space, may also include space for residential, office, hotel or other commercial purposes. We have less experience in developing and managing non-retail real estate than we do retail real estate. As a result, if a development or redevelopment project includes a non-retail use, we may seek to develop that component ourselves, sell the rights to that component to a third-party developer, or partner with a developer. If we decide to develop the non-retail components ourselves, we would be exposed not only to those risks typically associated with the development of commercial real estate, but also to risks associated with developing, owning, operating or selling non-retail real estate, including but not limited to more complex entitlement processes and multiple-story buildings. These unique risks may adversely impact our return on investment in these mixed-use development projects. If we sell the non-retail components, our retail component will be impacted by the decisions made by the other owners, and actions of those occupying the non-retail spaces in these mixed-use properties. If we partner with a developer, it makes us dependent upon the partner's ability to perform and to agree on major decisions that impact our investment returns of the project. In addition, there is a risk that the non-retail developer may default on its obligations necessitating that we complete the other components ourselves, including providing necessary financing. We face risks associated with the acquisition of properties. Our investment strategy includes investing in high-quality shopping centers that are leased to market-leading grocers, category-leading anchors, specialty retailers, and/or restaurants located in areas with above average household incomes and population densities. The acquisition of properties and/or real estate entities entails risks that include, but are not limited to, the following, any of which may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows: properties we acquire may fail to achieve the occupancy or rental rates we project, within the time frames we estimate, which may result in the properties' failure to achieve expected investment returns; we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations and platform; our investigation of an entity, property or building prior to our acquisition, and any representation we may have received from such seller, may fail to reveal various liabilities including defects, necessary repairs or environmental matters requiring corrective action, which may increase our costs; our estimate of the costs to improve, reposition or redevelop a property may prove to be too low, or the time we estimate to complete the improvement, repositioning or redevelopment may be too short, either of which may result in the property failing to achieve our projected return, either temporarily or permanently; we may not recover our costs from an unsuccessful acquisition; our acquisition activities may distract or strain our management capacity; and 13 acquired properties may be located in markets where we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area, costs associated with opening a new regional office and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. We may be unable to sell properties when desired because of market conditions. Our properties, including their related tangible and intangible assets, represent the majority of our total consolidated assets and they may not be readily convertible to cash. Market conditions, including macroeconomic events, interest rate changes, capital availability, and pandemics and other health crises, may impact our ability to sell properties on our preferred timing and at prices and returns we deem acceptable. As a result, our ability to sell one or more of our properties, including properties held in joint ventures, in response to changes in economic, industry, financial market, or other conditions may be limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability and terms of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand for space, that are beyond our control. There may be less demand for lower quality properties that we have identified for ultimate disposition in markets with uncertain economic or retail environments, and where buyers are more reliant on the availability of third party mortgage financing. If we want to sell a property, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to dispose of it in the desired time period or at all or that the sales price of a property will be attractive at the relevant time or even exceed the carrying value of our investment. Changes in tax laws could impact our acquisition or disposition of real estate. Certain properties we own have a low tax basis, which may result in a meaningful taxable gain in the event of a sale. Where appropriate and available, we utilize, and intend to continue to utilize, Code Section 1031 like-kind exchanges to tax-efficiently buy and sell properties; however, there can be no assurance that we will identify properties that meet our investment objectives for acquisitions or that changes to the tax laws do not eliminate the benefits of effectuating 1031 exchanges or significantly modify the requirements for a transaction to qualify for 1031 exchange treatment. In the event that we cannot or do not utilize 1031 exchanges when we sell certain properties, we may be required to distribute the gain proceeds to shareholders or pay income tax, which may reduce our cash flow available to fund our commitments or other priorities. Risk Factors Related to the Environment Affecting Our Properties Climate change may adversely impact our properties, some of which may be more vulnerable due to their geographic location, and may lead to additional compliance obligations and costs. We work with experts to plan for the potential physical, operational and financial impacts of climate change on our business, and we cannot reliably predict the extent, rate, timing, or impact of climate change. To the extent climate change causes adverse changes in weather patterns and natural disasters, our properties in certain markets may experience increases in frequency and intensity of severe weather events, natural disasters and rising sea levels. Further, population migration may occur in response to these or other factors and negatively impact our centers. For example, climate and other environmental changes may result in more unpredictable or decreased demand for retail space and in shopper traffic at certain of our properties, reduced rent and/or, in extreme cases, our inability to operate certain properties at all. In addition, a significant number of our properties are located in areas that are susceptible to earthquakes, tropical storms, hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, wildfires, droughts, extreme temperatures, sea-level rise, and other natural disasters and severe weather events that could be exacerbated by climate change. At December 31, 2025, 20.2% of the GLA of our portfolio is located in the state of California, including a number of properties in the San Francisco Bay and Los Angeles areas. Additionally, 21.5% and 7.8% of the GLA of our portfolio is located in the states of Florida and Texas, respectively. Insurance premiums and other related costs for properties in these areas have increased significantly in recent years, and more frequent and intense weather conditions and natural disasters may cause property insurance premiums and other related costs to further increase significantly in the future. We recognize that the frequency and/or intensity of extreme weather events and other natural disasters may continue to increase, and as a result, our exposure to these events may increase, especially in these particularly susceptible locations. Severe weather conditions and other natural disasters may disrupt our business and the business of our tenants, which may affect the ability of some tenants to pay rent and may reduce the ability or willingness of tenants and residents to remain in or move to these affected areas. In addition to the potential physical, operational and financial impacts to our business, we also cannot reliably predict how the federal government and the state and local governments in the areas in which we operate will respond to the risks associated with climate change. Certain states in which we own and operate shopping centers, such as the State of California, have passed legislation that requires reporting on climate related financial-risk and greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions, or may require, for example, overall reductions by the state of GHG emissions (which may, in turn, result in future legal obligations on business operators like us). In addition, anti-climate change advocates, as well as certain state attorneys general, have also commenced investigations and brought legal challenges relating to corporate climate initiatives and commitments. Also, through one or more executive orders issued by the president and policy implementation by executive branch agencies, the federal government has implemented policy changes intended to de-emphasize climate change and initiatives relating to its mitigation. Additional state and federal laws, rules and legal challenges 14 with respect to climate change may be enacted or brought in the future, and the extent and scope of their requirements and impact on companies like Regency are unknown. While many of our investments relating to GHG emission reduction, energy efficient lighting, building systems upgrades, clean energy installations, water usage reduction and other similar initiatives provide favorable returns and contribute to the resilience of our assets and sustainability of our business, compliance with numerous, potentially fragmented current and future laws and regulations related to perceived risks of climate change has required us to make additional investments and incur additional costs, as well as to implement new or additional processes and controls to facilitate better disclosure and meet compliance and disclosure obligations, and we expect this to continue into the future. In sum, taking these risks and potential impacts together, climate change may materially and adversely impact our business by increasing the cost to operate our properties, for example, with respect to infrastructure and facilities construction and maintenance, energy, insurance (and, potentially, the incurrence of uninsured losses), taxes, consultants and advisors, and other unforeseen fees, costs and expenses. We may also face disruptions to our business and the businesses of our tenants, which may result in higher costs or even some tenants being unable to conduct business in certain locations. In addition, we face the risk of the impacts of current, proposed and future legislative, regulatory and other governmental policy-related requirements in response to the perceived risks of climate change, as well as the expectations of investors, lenders and other stakeholders as to disclosures and responses relating to climate-related matters. At this time, there can be no assurance that we can anticipate all potential material impacts of climate change, or that climate change and our responses to it will not have a material and adverse effect on the value of our properties and our operational and financial performance in the future. Costs of environmental remediation may adversely impact our financial performance and reduce our cash flow. Under various federal, state, and local laws, an owner or manager of real property may be liable for some or all the costs to assess and remediate the presence of hazardous substances on the property, which in our case most typically arise from current or former dry cleaners, gas stations, automotive repair shops, asbestos usage, and historic land use practices. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous substances, which may adversely impact our financial performance and reduce our cash flow. The presence of, or the failure to properly address the presence of, hazardous substances may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property, or borrow using the property as collateral. We can provide no assurance that we are aware of all potential environmental liabilities or their ultimate cost to address; that our properties will not be affected by tenants or nearby properties or other unrelated third parties; and that future uses or conditions, or changes in environmental laws and regulations, or their interpretation, will not result in additional material environmental liabilities to us. Risk Factors Related to Corporate Matters An increased and differing focus on metrics and reporting related to environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors by investors, lenders and other stakeholders may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. Many investors, lenders and other stakeholders are focused on understanding how companies report on and address a variety of ESG factors, including institutional investors who hold a significant amount of the equity and debt of the Company. As they evaluate investment decisions, many investors look not only at company disclosures but also to ESG rating systems and frameworks that have been developed by third parties (such as TCFD and GRESB) to allow ESG comparisons between companies. Although we participate in some of these ratings systems, we do not participate in all such systems, and may not score as well in all of the available ratings systems as other REITs and real estate operators. Further, the criteria used in these ratings systems may conflict with each other and change frequently, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to score well in the future. We supplement our participation in ratings systems by disclosing on our website information about our initiatives and activities, but some investors may desire additional disclosures that we do not provide. Failure to participate in certain of the third-party ratings systems, failure to score well in those ratings systems or failure to provide certain ESG disclosures or engage in certain ESG-related initiatives and actions could adversely impact us when investors compare us against similar companies in our industry, and could cause certain investors to be unwilling to invest in our stock, which could adversely impact our stock price and our ability to raise capital. ESG disclosures may reflect aspirational goals, targets, and other expectations and assumptions, which are necessarily uncertain and may not be realized. Failure to realize (or timely achieve progress on) aspirational goals and targets could adversely affect the views of our investors, third-party ESG ratings organizations and other stakeholders, thereby potentially adversely impacting our reputation, our business and stock price (to the extent that demand for our stock declines). We may also face scrutiny by anti-ESG stakeholders for having such goals or targets, or for our participation in ESG rating or other systems. Moreover, we expect investor, lender and other stakeholder pressure to comply with these voluntary disclosure frameworks to continue, irrespective of climate-related policy decisions by the federal government. Failure to comply with government climate and other ESG-related regulations could also subject us to significant fines and penalties, including risk of litigation, as well as negative perception by stakeholders. In addition, both advocates and opponents of certain ESG matters may resort to a range of activism forms, including media campaigns, shareholder proposals, and litigation, to advance their objectives. To the extent we are subject to such activism, it may adversely impact our business. 15 An uninsured loss or a loss that exceeds the insurance coverage on our properties may subject us to loss of capital and revenue on those properties. We carry liability, fire, flood, terrorism, business interruption, and environmental insurance for our properties. Some types of losses, such as losses from named windstorms, hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding, terrorism, or wars may have more limited coverage, or in some cases, can be excluded from insurance coverage. In addition, it is possible that the availability of insurance coverage in certain geographic areas may decrease in the future or become unavailable to us, and the cost to procure such insurance may increase due to lack of market availability or other factors beyond our control. As a result, we may reduce the insurance we procure or we may elect or be compelled to self-insure or otherwise assume some or all of this risk through deductibles, retentions and other risk-sharing structures. Should a loss occur at any of our properties that is in excess of the insurance limits of our policies, we may lose part or all of our invested capital and revenues from the impacted property or properties, which may have a material adverse impact on our operating results, financial condition, and our ability to make distributions to stock and unit holders. Terrorist activities or violence occurring at our properties also may directly affect the value of our properties through damage, destruction or loss. Insurance for such acts may be unavailable or cost more resulting in an increase to our operating expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. To the extent that our tenants are affected by such attacks and threats of violence, their businesses may be adversely affected, including their ability to continue to meet obligations under their existing leases. Failure to attract and retain key personnel may adversely affect our business and operations. The success of our business depends, in significant part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and other key personnel, and our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees may significantly impact our future performance. Competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot be assured that we will retain all of our executive management team and other key personnel or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals for these positions in the future. Losing any key personnel may have an adverse effect on us. Risk Factors Related to Our Partnerships and Joint Ventures We do not have voting control over all of the properties owned in our real estate partnerships and joint ventures, so we are unable to ensure that our objectives will be pursued. We have invested substantial capital as a partner in a number of partnerships and joint ventures to acquire, own, lease, develop or redevelop properties. These activities are subject to the same risks as our investments in our wholly-owned properties. However, these investments, and other future similar investments may involve risks that would not be present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or other owners might become bankrupt, suffer a deterioration in their creditworthiness, or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Partners or other owners may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our own business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. These investments, and other future similar investments, also have the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, such as a sale or financing, because neither we nor our partner or other owner has full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and partners or other owners might result in a premature termination of the applicable partnership or joint venture, or potentially litigation or arbitration, that may increase our investment and related risk as well as our costs and expenses associated with the investment, and distract management from sufficiently focusing their time and efforts on others areas of our business. In addition, we risk the possibility of being held liable for the actions of our partners or other owners. These factors may limit the return that we receive from such investments or cause our cash flows to be lower than our estimates. The termination of our partnerships may adversely affect our cash flow, operating results, and our ability to make distributions to stock and unit holders. If partnerships owning a significant number of properties were dissolved for any reason, we could lose the asset, property management, leasing and construction management fees from these partnerships as well as the operating income of the properties, which may adversely affect our operating results and our cash available for distribution to stock and unit holders. Certain of our partnership operating agreements provide either member the ability to elect buy/sell clauses. The election of these provisions could require us to invest additional capital to acquire the partners interest or to sell our share of the property thereby losing the operating income and cash flow. 16 Risk Factors Related to Funding Strategies and Capital Structure Our ability to sell properties and fund acquisitions and developments may be adversely impacted by higher market capitalization rates and lower NOI at our properties, which may adversely affect results of operations and financial condition. As part of our funding strategy, we sell properties that no longer meet our strategic objectives or investment standards and/or those with a limited future growth profile. These sales proceeds are used to fund debt repayment, acquisition of other properties, and new developments and redevelopments. An increase in market capitalization rates (which may or may not be driven by an increase in interest rates) or a decline in NOI may cause a reduction in the value of centers identified for sale, which would have an adverse impact on the amount of cash generated. Additionally, the sale of properties resulting in significant tax gains may require higher distributions to our stockholders or payment of additional income taxes in order to maintain our REIT status. We depend on external sources of capital, which may not be available in the future on favorable terms or at all. To qualify as a REIT, the Parent Company must, among other things, distribute to its stockholders each year at least 90% of its REIT taxable income (excluding any net capital gains). Because of these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund all future capital needs with income from operations. In such instances, we would rely on third-party sources of capital, which may or may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Our access to third-party sources of equity capital depends on a number of things, including the market's perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings. Our access to debt depends on our credit rating, the willingness of creditors to lend to us and conditions in the capital markets. In addition to finding lenders willing to lend to us, we are dependent upon our joint venture partners to contribute their pro rata share of any amount needed to repay or refinance existing debt when lenders reduce the amount of debt our partnerships and joint ventures are eligible to refinance. In addition, our existing debt arrangements also impose covenants that limit our flexibility in obtaining other financing. Additional equity offerings may result in substantial dilution of stockholders' interests and additional debt financing may substantially increase our degree of leverage. Without access to external sources of capital, we would be required to pay outstanding debt with our operating cash flows and proceeds from property sales. Our operating cash flows may not be sufficient to pay our outstanding debt as it comes due and real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly at a return we believe is appropriate. If we are required to deleverage our business with operating cash flows and proceeds from property sales, we may be forced to reduce the amount of, or eliminate altogether, our distributions to stock and unit holders or refrain from making investments in our business. Our debt financing may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our indebtedness will depend primarily on our future performance, which to a certain extent is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. In addition, we do not expect to generate sufficient operating cash flow to make balloon principal payments on our debt when due. If we are unable to refinance our debt on acceptable terms, we may be forced (i) to dispose of properties, which might result in losses, or (ii) to obtain financing at unfavorable terms, either of which may reduce the cash flow available for distributions to stock and unit holders. If we cannot make required mortgage loan payments, the mortgagee may foreclose on the property securing the mortgage. Covenants in our debt agreements may restrict our operating activities and adversely affect our financial condition. Our unsecured notes and unsecured line of credit (the "Line") contain customary covenants, including compliance with financial ratios, such as ratio of indebtedness to total asset value and fixed charge coverage ratio. These covenants may limit our operational flexibility and our investment activities. Moreover, if we breach any of the covenants in our debt agreements, and do not cure the breach within the applicable cure period, our lenders may require us to repay the debt immediately, even in the absence of a payment default. Many of our debt arrangements, including our unsecured notes and the Line, are cross-defaulted, which means that the lenders under those debt arrangements can require immediate repayment of their debt if we breach and fail to cure a default under certain of our other material debt obligations. As a result, any default under our debt covenants may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of operations, our ability to meet our obligations, and the market value of our stock. 17 Hedging activity may expose us to risks, including the risks that a counterparty will not perform and that the hedge will not yield the economic benefits we anticipate, which may adversely affect us. We manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements. These arrangements involve risk, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, and that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes. There can be no assurance that our hedging arrangements will qualify for hedge accounting or that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations. Should we desire to terminate a hedging arrangement, there may be significant costs and cash requirements involved to fulfill our obligations under the hedging arrangement. In addition, failure to effectively hedge against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations. Risk Factors Related to Information Management and Technology The unauthorized access, use, theft or destruction of tenant or employee personal, financial or other data, or of Regency's proprietary or confidential information stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf, could impact operations, and expose us to potential liabilities and material adverse financial impact. Many of our information technology systems (including the systems of our real estate partners and other third-party business partners and service providers) contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our tenants, employees and business partners. Many of our information technology systems contain our proprietary information and other confidential information related to our business. Like all companies, we face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems and confidential information, including from diverse threat actors, such as state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists, and through diverse attack vectors, such as social engineering/phishing, malware (including ransomware), "deep fakes" generated through the use of Artificial Intelligence ("AI") tools, malfeasance by insiders, human or technological error, and as a result of malicious code embedded in open-source software, or misconfigurations, bugs or other vulnerabilities in commercial software that is integrated into our (or our suppliers or service providers ) information technology systems, products or services. We have experienced cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents in the past (although none had material adverse impacts on our business or results of operations) and expect to face similar ongoing threats in the future. To the extent we or a third party were to experience a material breach of our information technology systems that results in the unauthorized access, theft, use, manipulation, destruction or other compromises of our confidential information stored in such systems, including through cyber-attacks such as ransomware, denial of service or other methods, such a breach may cause us to lose tenants and employees, result in adverse financial impact, incur third party claims and cause disruption to our business and plans. Despite planning, preparation, and preventative and risk-management measures, our business may be significantly disrupted if unable to quickly recover. Remote and hybrid working arrangements at our company (and at many third-party providers) may also increase cybersecurity risks due to the challenges associated with managing remote computing assets and security vulnerabilities that are present in many non-corporate and home networks. Additionally, any integration of AI in our or any service providers operations, products or services may pose new or unknown cybersecurity risks and challenges. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls and procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our systems and information. Such security breaches also could subject us to litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings into potential violations of applicable privacy or other laws. Any of these events could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability, and we may not be able to fully recover these expenses from our service providers, responsible parties, or insurance carriers, or that applicable insurance will be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. We can provide no assurance that the ongoing significant investments in technology and training we make relating to cybersecurity will avoid or prevent such breaches or attacks. Cyberattacks are expected to increase on a global basis in frequency and magnitude as threat actors are becoming increasingly sophisticated in using techniques and tools including AI that trick humans into taking unwarranted actions, circumvent security controls, evade detection and remove forensic evidence. Despite the implementation of training of our employees and security measures for our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, our information systems may be vulnerable to damage or other adverse impact from multiple sources other than cybersecurity risks, including computer viruses, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication failure. Any system failure or accident that causes disruption or interruptions to our information systems could result in a material disruption to our operations and business, and cause us to incur material costs to remedy such damages or adverse impacts. 18 Any actual or perceived failure to comply with new or existing laws, regulations and other requirements relating to the privacy, security and processing of personal information could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In connection with running our business, we receive, store, use and otherwise process information that relates to individuals, including from and about our tenants, employees and business partners. We are therefore subject to laws, regulations and other requirements relating to the privacy, security and handling of personal information. These laws require us to adhere to certain disclosure restrictions and deletion obligations with respect to the personal information, and allow for penalties for violations and, in some cases, a private right of action. These laws also impose transparency and other obligations with respect to personal information of and provide rights with respect to personal information. The application and interpretation of such requirements are evolving and are subject to change, creating a complex compliance environment. There has been a substantial increase in legislative activity and regulatory focus on data privacy and security, including in relation to cybersecurity incidents. It is possible that new laws, regulations and other requirements, or amendments to or changes in interpretations of existing laws, regulations and other requirements, may require us to incur significant costs, implement new processes, or change our handling of information and business operations. In addition, any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations and other requirements relating to the privacy, security and handling of information could result in legal claims or proceedings (including class actions), regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. We could incur costs in investigating and defending such claims and, if found liable, pay damages or fines or be required to make changes to our business. 