=== REG_2026-02-13.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors " of this Report. When considering an investment in our securities, you should carefully read the risk factors described in Item 1A and consider these risks, together with all other information in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our other filings with and submissions to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). If any of the events described in the risk factors actually occur, our business, financial condition or operating results, as well as the market price of our securities, could be materially adversely affected. Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are made, and Regency undertakes no duty to update its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise, except as and to the extent required by law. Certain forward-looking and other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or other locations, such as on our corporate website, may also contain references to various corporate responsibility or environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") standards and frameworks, which are used or followed by certain of our investors. These standards and frameworks are often reliant on third-party information or methodologies that are subject to evolving expectations and practices, and our approach to and discussion of these matters may continue to evolve as well. For example, our disclosures may change due to changes in the expectations of our investors, the requirements of these standards and frameworks, availability of information, our business, and applicable governmental law or policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 1 PAR T I Item 1. B usiness Regency Centers Corporation is a fully integrated real estate company and self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust that began its operations as a publicly-traded REIT in 1993. Our corporate headquarters are located at One Independent Drive, Suite 114, Jacksonville, Florida. Regency Centers, L.P. is a subsidiary through which Regency Centers Corporation conducts substantially all of its operations, and which owns, directly or indirectly, substantially all of its assets. Our business consists of acquiring, developing, owning, and operating income-producing retail real estate principally located in suburban trade areas with compelling demographics within the United States of America ("USA" or "United States"). We generate revenues by leasing space to necessity, service, convenience, and value-based retailers serving the essential needs of our communities. Regency has been an S P 500 Index member since 2017. As of December 31, 2025, we had full or partial equity ownership interests in 481 properties, primarily anchored by market leading grocery stores, encompassing approximately 58.4 million square feet ("SF") of gross leasable area ("GLA"). Our Pro-rata share of this GLA is approximately 50.5 million SF, including our share of properties owned through unconsolidated real estate partnerships. We are a preeminent national owner, operator, and developer of neighborhood and community shopping centers predominantly located in suburban trade areas with compelling demographics. Our mission is to create thriving environments for retailers and service providers to connect with surrounding neighborhoods and communities. Our vision is to elevate quality of life as an integral thread in the fabric of our communities. Our portfolio includes thriving properties merchandised with highly productive grocers, restaurants, service providers, and best-in-class retailers that connect with their neighborhoods, communities, and customers. Our values: We are our people: Our people are our greatest asset, and we believe that our highly skilled and talented team makes us better. We do what is right: We act with unwavering standards of honesty and integrity. We connect with our communities: We promote philanthropic ideas and strive for the betterment of our neighborhoods by giving our time and financial support. We are responsible: Our duty is to balance purpose and profit, being good stewards of capital and the environment for the benefit of all our stakeholders. We strive for excellence: When we are passionate about what we do, it is reflected in our performance. We are better together: When we listen to each other and our customers, we will succeed together. Our goals are to: Own and manage a portfolio of high-quality neighborhood and community shopping centers anchored primarily by market leading grocers and principally located in suburban trade areas in the most desirable metro areas in the United States. We believe that this strategy will result in highly desirable and attractive centers with best-in-class retailers. These centers should command higher rental and occupancy rates resulting in excellent prospects to grow net operating income ("NOI"); Create shareholder value by increasing earnings and dividends per share that generate total returns at or near the top of our shopping center peers; Maintain an industry leading, disciplined development and redevelopment platform to create exceptional retail centers that deliver favorable returns; and Support our business activities with a conservative capital structure, including a strong balance sheet with sufficient liquidity to meet our capital needs together with a carefully constructed debt maturity profile. 2 Key strategies to achieve our goals are to: Generate same property NOI growth that over the long-term consistently ranks at or near the top of our shopping center peers; Reinvest free cash flow and portfolio enhancement disposition proceeds into high-quality developments, redevelopments and acquisitions in a long term accretive manner; Maintain a conservative balance sheet that provides liquidity, financial flexibility and cost-effective funding of investment opportunities, while also managing debt maturities that enable us to weather economic downturns; Responsibly pursue investor and business-driven corporate responsibility practices; and Attract, retain, and engage an exceptional team with a range of skills and experiences that is guided by our values while fostering an environment of innovation and continuous improvement. Competition We are among the largest owners of shopping centers in the USA based on revenues, number of properties, GLA, and market capitalization. There are numerous companies and individuals engaged in our line of business that compete with us in our targeted markets, including grocery store chains that own shopping centers and also anchor some of our shopping centers. This dynamic results in competition for attracting tenants as well as acquiring existing shopping centers and new development sites. In addition, brick and mortar shopping centers face continued competition from alternative shopping and delivery methods. We believe that our competitive advantages are driven by: the market areas in which we operate, and the locations of our shopping centers within those trade areas; the quality of our shopping centers including our strategy of maintaining and renovating these centers to our high standards; the compelling demographics surrounding our shopping centers; our relationships with our anchor, shop, and out-parcel tenants; our experienced leadership team and cycle-tested expertise; and our ability to successfully develop, redevelop, and acquire shopping centers. Corporate Responsibility and Human Capital We strive to create thriving environments for retailers and service providers to connect with surrounding neighborhoods and communities. This is essential for our business and our tenants' businesses. For this reason, corporate responsibility is a foundational strategy of Regency. We believe that alignment of strategy and business sustainability is critical to the long-term success of our Company, our shareholders, the environment, and the communities in which we operate. To achieve this alignment, our corporate responsibility strategy and practices are built on four pillars: Our People; Our Communities; Ethics and Governance; and Environmental Stewardship. These practices are guided by three overarching concepts: long-term value creation, our Regency brand and reputation, and the importance of maintaining our culture, which has been a crucial driver of our long-term success. Our continued commitment to these concepts helps to guide our business strategy, and identify and focus on key corporate responsibility-related drivers that we expect to contribute to our future success. We regularly review our corporate responsibility strategies, goals, and objectives under these four pillars with our Board of Directors (or the "Board") and its committees, which oversee our programs. More information about our corporate responsibility strategy, goals, performance, and reporting, including our annual Corporate Responsibility Report, and our related policies and practices is available on our website at www.regencycenters.com. The content of our website and other information contained therein, including relating to corporate responsibility, is not incorporated by reference into this Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 3 With respect to each of these four pillars: Our People Our people are our most important asset, and we strive to ensure that they are engaged, passionate about their work, connected to their teams, and supported to deliver their best performance. Regency recognizes and values the importance to the Company's success of attracting and retaining talented individuals with different skills, backgrounds, and experiences to encourage diversity of thought and ideas. In addition, we strive to maintain a safe and healthy workspace, promote employee well-being, and empower our employees by focusing on their personal and professional development through training and education opportunities. As of December 31, 2025, we had 507 employees, including 4 part-time employees. We presently maintain 27 market offices nationwide, including our corporate headquarters in Jacksonville, Florida. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining unit, and we believe our relationship with our employees is good. Our strategy focuses on promoting and advancing high-quality skills and experiences across our organization. The goals of this strategy are to attract, recruit, and retain a talented group of employees to grow, develop, and succeed, as we collectively work to implement our mission and contribute to the long-term strategic, operational and financial success of the organization. Furthermore, aligned with our near-and long-term human capital goals, we remained focused on employee engagement, leveraging our annual employee survey to identify opportunities to improve and further engage our people. Culture - We believe that much of our success is rooted in our teams and our commitment to a vibrant and welcoming culture. We continue to foster a culture in which everyone is respected, valued, and has an opportunity to contribute and thrive. Human Rights Regency is committed to a workplace free from discrimination and harassment and is focused on advancing fundamental human rights. Anti-discrimination and anti-harassment training is provided to all employees at orientation, and annually thereafter. Talent Attraction and Retention Our core values place a strong importance on our people, which are our greatest asset and whom we believe make us an employer of choice. We understand the importance of attracting and retaining the best talent to sustain our history of success and build long-term value. We strive to offer some of the most competitive compensation and benefits in the industry in which we operate and are continually looking for new opportunities to ensure that we attract and retain our people. Training and Development We strive to provide an environment where our people are connected to their teams, passionate about what they do, and supported to deliver their best efforts and results. From individual contributors to managers and senior leaders, we want to empower our employees to take control of their career growth and realize their full potential through meaningful training and development opportunities. Health, Safety, and Well-Being The safety, health, and well-being of our people are a top priority for Regency. We strive to provide a benefit package that is comprehensive, competitive, and thoughtfully designed to attract and retain the best in the industry. We prioritize employee safety at our centers and offices, and require contractors working at our sites to engage in safe work practices. Our Communities Our predominately grocery-anchored neighborhood and community shopping centers provide many benefits to the communities in which we live and work, including significant local economic impact in the form of investment, jobs, and taxes. Our local teams are passionate about investing in and engaging with our communities as they customize and curate our centers to create a distinctive environment to bring our tenants and shoppers together for the best retail experience. We are continually reinvesting in our centers, to enhance placemaking and the overall environment for our tenants and shoppers. We believe philanthropy and charitable giving are important elements of our commitment to the communities in which we operate. Throughout 2025, Regency supported its employees to serve and invest in community organizations through volunteer and financial support. Charitable contributions were made directly by the Company, as well as by the vast majority of our employees who donated their time and money to local non-profits directly serving their communities. Ethics and Governance As long-term stewards of our investors capital, we are committed to best-in-class corporate governance. To create long-term value for our stakeholders, we place great emphasis on our culture and core values, the integrity and transparency of our reporting practices, and our overall governance structure in respect of oversight and shareholder rights. To continue to strive for the best achievable mix of skills, experience, backgrounds, tenures, competencies, and other personal and professional attributes, Regency s Board of Directors annually reviews its overall composition and succession planning process to ensure that it aligns with Regency s ongoing commitment to board refreshment and best-in-class corporate governance. 4 Environmental Stewardship We believe that the resilience and sustainability of our assets and business is in the best interest of our investors, tenants, employees, and the communities in which we operate. We have identified specific strategic priorities and practices intended to further these goals and mitigate the risks to Regency s assets and business: green building, energy efficiency, electric vehicle charging stations, renewable energy, greenhouse gas emissions ("GHG") reduction, water conservation, waste management, and mitigating the effect of climate change as it applies to our real estate portfolio. These strategic priorities support our achievement of key financial and business objectives, while at the same time positively impacting environmental concerns such as climate change, resource scarcity and pollution (including GHG emissions reduction). Throughout 2025, we continued to collaborate closely with our tenants to mitigate their operational environmental impacts, for our mutual business and financial benefit. Our target aims to reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 28% by 2030, measured against a 2019 baseline year, and to achieve net-zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions across all operations by 2050. In addition, the Company has established targets to enhance energy efficiency, manage water and waste responsibly and invest in renewable energy sources and electric vehicle charging stations. These targets reflect input from our investors and tenants. Regency s progress towards these targets, together with our overall resilience and sustainability strategy, are further described in our Corporate Responsibility Report, which report is made available on our web site but is not incorporated into or deemed part of this documents by reference hereto. Based on our current estimates and asset base, we do not expect the pursuit of these targets to materially impact our operating results and financial condition in the near term. As a long-term owner, operator, and developer of real estate, often in coastal and other environmentally sensitive areas, we acknowledge the potential for climate change to have a material impact on our properties and long-term success as a business. Regency wants to ensure that our properties can safely, sustainably, responsibly and profitably withstand the test of time. We continue to refine our understanding of our exposure to climate-related impacts by conducting ongoing property-level analysis as well as the risks that climate change may pose to our business. Compliance with Governmental Regulations We are subject to various regulatory and tax-related requirements within the jurisdictions in which we operate. Changes to such requirements, or the interpretation of such requirements by applicable regulatory bodies or the judiciary, may result in unanticipated material financial impacts or adverse tax consequences and could materially affect our operating results and financial condition. Significant regulatory requirements include the laws and regulations described below. REIT Laws and Regulations We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the federal income tax laws. As a REIT, we are generally not subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our shareholders. Under the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"), REITs are subject to numerous regulatory requirements, including the requirement to generally distribute at least 90% of taxable income each year, excluding any net capital gains. We will be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax to the extent that we distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income (including net capital gains) and will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount by which our distributions in any calendar year are less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. In addition, we may be subject to certain state and local income and franchise taxes. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, distributions to stockholders will not be deductible by us, we will not be required to distribute any amounts to our stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders will be taxable as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. We will also generally not qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during which qualification is lost. We have elected to treat certain of our subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS"). In general, a TRS may engage in any real estate business and certain non-real estate businesses, subject to certain limitations under the Code. A TRS is subject to federal and state income taxes which, to date, have not been material to us. Environmental Laws and Regulations Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations (collectively, "environmental laws"), we may be liable for some or all of the cost to assess and remediate certain hazardous substances at our shopping centers. To the extent any environmental issues arise, they most typically stem from the historic practices of current and former dry cleaners, gas stations, automotive repair shops, and other similar businesses at our centers, as well as the presence of asbestos in some structures. These environmental laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or committed the acts or omissions that caused the presence of the hazardous substances. The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly address contamination caused by such substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property or borrow using the property as collateral, and could result in claims by and liabilities to third parties relating to contamination that emanated from our properties. Although we have a number of properties that could require or are currently undergoing varying levels of assessment and remediation, known environmental liabilities are not currently expected to have a material impact on our financial condition. 5 Information About Our Executive Officers Our executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and each of our executive officers has been employed by us for more than five years. As of the date of this Report, our executive officers are: Name Age Title Executive Officer in Position Shown Since Martin E. Stein, Jr. 73 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 2020 (1) Lisa Palmer 58 President and Chief Executive Officer 2020 (2) Michael J. Mas 50 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 2019 (3) Alan T. Roth 50 East Region President Chief Operating Officer 2023 (4) Nicholas A. Wibbenmeyer 45 West Region President Chief Investment Officer 2023 (5) (1) Mr. Stein was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors effective January 1, 2020. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Stein served as Chief Executive Officer from 1993 through December 31, 2019 and Chairman of the Board since 1999. (2) Ms. Palmer was named Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2020, in addition to her responsibilities as President, a position she has held since January 2016. Prior to this appointment, Ms. Palmer served as Chief Financial Officer since January 2013. Prior to that, Ms. Palmer served as Senior Vice President of Capital Markets since 2003 and has been with the Company since 1996. (3) Mr. Mas was named Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer effective August 2019. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Mas served as Managing Director, Finance, since February 2017, and Senior Vice President, Capital Markets, since 2013, and has been with the Company since 2003. (4) Mr. Roth was named East Region President Chief Operating Officer, effective January 1, 2024. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Roth served as Executive Vice President, National Property Operations and East Region President, since 2023, and Senior Managing Director, East Region since 2020. Prior to that, he served as Managing Director Northeast Region since 2016 and has been with the Company since 1997. (5) Mr. Wibbenmeyer was named West Region President Chief Investment Officer, effective January 1, 2024. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Wibbenmeyer served as Executive Vice President, West Region President since 2023 and Senior Managing Director, West Region since 2020. Prior to that, he served as Managing Director of Florida and the Midwest Region since 2016, and has been with the Company since 2005. Company Website Access and SEC Filings Our website may be accessed at www.regencycenters.com . Our filings with the SEC can be accessed free of charge through our website promptly after filing; however, in the event that the website is inaccessible, we will provide paper copies of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, the most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, current reports filed or furnished on Form 8-K, and all related amendments, excluding exhibits, free of charge upon request. These filings are also accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. General Information Our registrar and stock transfer agent is Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, LLC ("Broadridge"), Edgewood, NY. The Company's stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, with its common stock traded under the ticker symbol "REG," and the Company's 6.250% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, and 5.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock trade under the ticker symbols "REGCP," and "REGCO," respectively. Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP , Jacksonville, Florida , Firm ID 185 . Non-GAAP Financial Measures In addition to the required Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") presentations, we use and report certain non-GAAP financial measures as we believe these measures improve the understanding of our operational results. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to our Board of Directors, management and investors regarding certain trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Our management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to compare our performance to that of prior periods for trend analyses, purposes of determining management incentive compensation and budgeting, forecasting and planning purposes. We continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, limitations, and calculation of our reported non-GAAP financial measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change. 6 We do not consider non-GAAP financial measures an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, rather they supplement GAAP measures by providing additional information we believe to be useful to our shareholders. The principal limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures is that they may exclude significant expense and income items that are required by GAAP to be recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, they reflect the exercise of management's judgment about which expense and income items are excluded or included in determining these non-GAAP financial measures. In order to compensate for these limitations, reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures we use to their most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be relied upon in evaluating the financial condition, results of operations, or future prospects of the Company. Our non-GAAP financial measures include the following: Adjusted Funds From Operations ("AFFO") is an additional performance measure we use that reflects cash available to fund the Company s business needs and distribution to shareholders. AFFO is calculated by adjusting Core Operating Earnings ("COE") for (i) capital expenditures necessary to maintain and lease our portfolio of properties, (ii) debt cost and derivative adjustments and (iii) stock-based compensation. Core Operating Earnings is an additional performance measure we use because the computation of Nareit Funds from Operations ("Nareit FFO") includes certain non-comparable items that affect our period-over-period performance. Core Operating Earnings excludes from Nareit FFO: (i) transaction related income or expenses, (ii) gains or losses from the early extinguishment of debt, (iii) certain non-cash components of earnings derived from straight-line rents, above and below market rent amortization, and debt and derivative mark-to-market amortization, and (iv) other amounts as they occur. Nareit Funds from Operations ("Nareit FFO") is a commonly used measure of REIT performance, which Nareit defines as net income, computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains on sales and impairments of real estate, net of tax, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated real estate investment partnerships and joint ventures. We compute Nareit FFO for all periods presented in accordance with Nareit's definition. Companies use different depreciable lives and methods, and real estate values historically fluctuate with market conditions. Since Nareit FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and gains on sale and impairments of real estate, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, reflects the impact on operations from trends in percent leased, rental rates, operating costs, acquisition and development activities, and financing costs. This provides a perspective of our financial performance not immediately apparent from net income determined in accordance with GAAP. Thus, Nareit FFO is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of our operating performance, which does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP; and, therefore, should not be considered a substitute measure of cash flows from operations. Net Operating Income ("NOI") is the sum of base rent, percentage rent, termination fee income, tenant recoveries, other lease income, and other property income, less operating and maintenance expenses, real estate taxes, ground rent, termination expense, and uncollectible lease income. NOI excludes straight-line rental income and expense, above and below market rent and ground rent amortization, tenant lease inducement amortization, and other fees. We also provide disclosure of NOI excluding termination fees, which excludes both termination fee income and expenses. Management believes that NOI is a useful measure for investors because it provides insight into the core operations and performance of our properties, independent of the capital structure, financing activities, and non-operating factors. By focusing on property-level performance, NOI allows investors to compare the performance of our real estate assets across periods and with those of other REIT peers in the industry, facilitating a clearer understanding of trends in occupancy, rental income, and operating expense management. In addition to its relevance for investors, management uses 