=== SPGI_2026-03-31.htm.gz ===
tm261443-1_nonfiling - none - 24.1050519s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Materials under 240.14a-12 S P Global Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Certificate) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No Fee Required. Fee computed on table below in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders Wednesday, May 20, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS 55 Water Street New York, NY 10041-0003 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders To Be Held Wednesday, May 20, 2026 The Annual Meeting of Shareholders of S P Global Inc. (the Annual Meeting ) will be held on Wednesday, May 20, 2026 , at 8:30 a.m. (EDT) in a virtual-only format, via the Internet at http://meetnow.global/MQJTHK2 . At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will be asked to: Items of Business Board s Recommendation 1. Elect 10 Directors; FOR each Director Nominee 2. Approve, on an advisory basis, the executive compensation program for the Company s named executive officers, as described in this Proxy Statement; FOR 3. Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; FOR 4. Vote on a shareholder proposal to reduce the stock ownership threshold for calling a special shareholder meeting; AGAINST 5. Vote on a shareholder proposal to issue a report on the Company s charitable support; and AGAINST 6. Consider any other business, if properly raised. This N otice and Proxy Statement is being mailed or made available on the Internet to shareholders on or about March 31, 2026. These materials describe the matters being voted on at the Annual Meeting and contain certain other information. In addition, these materials are accompanied by a copy of the Company s 2025 Annual Report that includes financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS: This Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 are available on the Internet at www.edocumentview.com/SPGI. All shareholders of record as of close of business on March 23, 2026 will be entitled to vote at the virtual Annual Meeting. If you choose to attend and vote your shares at the virtual Annual Meeting, you will need a unique 15-digit control number, which is included on your proxy card. Beneficial owners who would like to attend and vote at the virtual Annual Meeting should request a legal proxy (contact your bank or broker). Please cast your vote by one of the following methods: The Internet Signing and Mailing a Proxy Card Toll-Free Telephone Your vote is very important. We encourage you to vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors, Judah Bareli Vice President, Associate General Counsel Corporate Secretary New York, New York March 31, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary 1 Item 1. Election of Directors 6 Board of Directors and Corporate Governance 7 Enhanced Corporate Governance Environment 7 Corporate Governance Materials 7 Director Independence 8 Board Leadership Structure 8 Board and Committee Self- Evaluations 9 Shareholder Engagement 10 Role of Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 12 Talent Management and Succession Planning 14 Process for Identifying and Evaluating Directors and Nominees 15 Director Skills, Qualifications and Experience 18 Director Nominees 19 Committees of the Board 25 Membership and Meetings 28 Annual Meeting Attendance 28 Executive Sessions 28 Director and Officer Indemnification and Insurance 28 Transactions with Related Persons 29 Item 2. Proposal to Approve, on an Advisory Basis, the Executive Compensation Program for the Company s Named Executive Officers 30 Executive Compensation Matters 31 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 31 Compensation Committee Report 72 Executive Compensation Tables 73 2025 Summary Compensation Table 73 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 76 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End Table 78 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2025 Table 80 2025 Pension Benefits Table 81 2025 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Table 83 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 84 CEO Pay Ratio 90 Pay Versus Performance 92 Director Compensation 96 2025 Director Compensation Table 96 Director Compensation and Governance 97 Ownership of Company Stock 100 Company Stock Ownership of Management 100 Company Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 101 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 101 Item 3. Proposal to Ratify the Appointment of the Company s Independent Auditor 102 Audit Committee Matters 103 Annual Evaluation of the Independent Auditor 103 Appointment of the Independent Auditor 104 Fees to the Independent Auditor 105 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 105 Audit Committee Report 106 Item 4. Shareholder Proposal #1 107 Shareholder Proposal (As Received) 107 Directors Statement in Opposition 108 Item 5. Shareholder Proposal #2 109 Shareholder Proposal (As Received) 109 Directors Statement in Opposition 110 2026 Annual Meeting Information 112 Appendix A 118 Index of Frequently Requested Information Enhanced Corporate Governance 7 Role of Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 12 Director Skills, Qualifications and Experience 18 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 31 Setting Compensation 44 Stock Ownership Guidelines 70 Pay Recovery (Clawback) Policies 70 2025 Summary Compensation Table 73 CEO Pay Ratio 90 Pay Versus Performance 92 Director Compensation 96 2026 Proxy Statement i TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY PROXY SUMMARY This summary provides an overview of selected information in this year s Proxy Statement and a roadmap of the proposals to be voted on at our 2026 Annual Meeting. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and we encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. Proxy Voting Roadmap 2026 Annual Meeting Information TIME AND DATE PLACE RECORD DATE 8:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time on May 20, 2026 Online at http://meetnow.global/MQJTHK2 There is no physical location for the Annual Meeting. March 23, 2026 Proposals to be Voted on and Board Voting Recommendations Proposal Recommendation of the Board Page 1. Elect 10 Directors; FOR each Director Nominee 6 2. Approve, on an advisory basis, the executive compensation program for the Company s named executive officers, as described in this Proxy Statement; FOR 30 3. Ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; FOR 102 4. Vote on a shareholder proposal to reduce the stock ownership threshold for calling a special shareholder meeting; AGAINST 107 5. Vote on a shareholder proposal to issue a report on the Company s charitable support; and AGAINST 109 6. Consider any other business, if properly raised. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY (continued) Our Company Strategy: Advancing Essential Intelligence S P Global Inc. (the Company, we or us or our ) has industry-leading benchmarks, data, and solutions that provide customers with the ability to make more confident decisions and stay a step ahead. At our 2025 Investor Day, we outlined our mission to advance essential intelligence through three key objectives, including advancing our market leadership, expanding in high-growth adjacencies, and amplifying our enterprise capabilities and artificial intelligence. In 2025, we achieved meaningful progress delivering against these key objectives and driving strong financial growth. ADVANCE Market Leadership EXPAND High-Growth Adjacencies AMPLIFY Enterprise Capabilities AI Strong brands with 100+ years of trust Benchmarks and differentiated data IP Al-enabled solutions with flexible delivery Global and diverse end markets Unique value proposition Expanded asset-class coverage Scaled and emerging opportunities Adjacent sectors and client segments Scaled enterprise data operations Leading-edge Al and technology platforms Integrated, elevated client engagement Productivity and Al-enabled workforce 2025 Highlights Financial Performance During 2025, the Company achieved strong revenue growth across all divisions, and delivered meaningful margin expansion and diluted EPS growth. In addition, the Company gained momentum in strategic focus areas including private markets and energy expansion, as well as artificial intelligence through new product and feature launches and collaborations. Below are key financial achievements during the year that demonstrate the value we brought to our customers and our focus on long-term shareholder value creation. FISCAL YEAR 2025 COMPANY HIGHLIGHTS REVENUE NET INCOME GAAP DILUTED EPS GAAP DIVIDENDS SHARE BUYBACKS $15.336B UP 8% YoY $4.471B 1 UP 16% YoY $14.66 UP 19% YoY $6.2B Financial Highlights On a year-over-year basis, reported revenue increased 8%, while net income attributable to the Company increased 16% 1 , driven primarily by revenue and operating profit growth in the Company s Ratings, Indices, and Market Intelligence divisions, and diluted earnings per share increased 19% . Returned $6.2 billion to shareholders in 2025, including $1.2 billion in dividends and $5.0 billion in share repurchases. Maintained a steady record of more than 50 consecutive years of dividend increases. 1. Reflects GAAP net income attributable to S P Global Inc. Total Shareholder Return 2 2. Returns assume $100 invested on December 31, 2020 and total return includes reinvestment of dividends through December 31, 2025. Reflects the peer group used in the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 11, 2026, consisting of: Moody s Corporation, CME Group Inc., MSCI Inc., FactSet Research Systems Inc., Verisk Analytics, Inc., and Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. 2 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY (continued) Items of Business to be Acted on at the Annual Meeting Item 1. Election of Directors The Company s business and affairs are overseen by our Board of Directors (the Board ) pursuant to the New York Business Corporation Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws. We currently have 11 Directors, all of whom, with the exception of William Green, are being nominated at this Annual Meeting for one-year terms, which will expire at the Annual Meeting in 2027 (See Item 1 on page 6). William Green is not standing for re-election and will retire from the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Current Board and Committee Membership Name Position Age Director Since Audit Committee Compensation Committee Finance Committee Nominating Committee Executive Committee Marco Alver Director 50 2017 Martina Cheung President, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 50 2024 Jacques Esculier Director 66 2022 William Green Director 72 2011 Stephanie Hill Director 61 2017 Rebecca Jacoby Director 64 2014 Hubert Joly Director 66 2026 Ian Livingston Director 61 2020 Robert Moritz Director 62 2026 Maria Morris Director 63 2016 Gregory Washington Director 60 2021 Member Committee Chair Chairperson of the Board Our ten Director nominees are current Directors with a broad range of skills, backgrounds, and experience, which the Board believes contributes to the effective oversight of the Company. The following provides current summary information about our slate of Director nominees. For more information about our Director nominees, please see the Director Skills, Qualifications and Experience section of this Proxy Statement, including our Director Skills Matrix, starting on page 18. Detailed information about each Director nominee s qualifications, experience , and expertise can be found in their biographies starting on page 19. Nominee Profile Demographics Nominee Skills Experience 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY (continued) Item 2. Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation The Company s executive compensation program is intended to attract, motivate and reward the executive talent required to achieve our corporate objectives and increase shareholder value. We believe that our executive compensation program is both competitive and strongly focused on pay-for-performance principles, and provides an appropriate balance between risk and rewards. Our executive compensation program: aligns compensation with shareholder value on an annual and long-term basis through a combination of base pay, annual cash incentives and long-term stock-based incentives; includes a mix of compensation elements that emphasizes performance results, with approximately 92% of CEO and 82% of our other NEOs 2025 total target annual compensation opportunity composed of variable, incentive-based at-risk pay, with a substantial portion contingent on meeting challenging, top-line and bottom-line short-term and long-term performance objectives; delivers annual incentive payouts based on the achievement of approved quantitative performance goals, which were based on 2025 non-GAAP ICP Adjusted EBITA Margin and non-GAAP ICP Adjusted Revenue enterprise-level Company goals and, as appropriate for our division leaders, division-level goals; aligns the interests of executives with those of shareholders through long-term stock-based incentives composed of Performance Share Units that are based on the achievement of non-GAAP ICP Adjusted EPS targets. The Performance Share Unit awards granted in 2025 vest at the end of a three-year award cycle, with payment ranging up to a maximum of 200% of the target award based on the attainment level of a three-year cumulative non-GAAP ICP Adjusted EPS goal; and has features designed to mitigate risks and further align executive compensation with shareholder interests , including stock ownership requirements, multiple pay recovery (clawback) policies, an anti-hedging and pledging policy and limited perquisites. Item 3. Proposal to Ratify the Appointment of the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board, after receiving a favorable recommendation from the Audit Committee, has again selected Ernst Young LLP ( EY ) to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company and its subsidiaries for 2026. EY has advised the Company that it has no direct, nor any material indirect, financial interest in the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Although shareholder ratification is not required by our By-Laws or otherwise, the Board is submitting the appointment of EY to our shareholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. If shareholders fail to ratify the appointment, the Audit Committee will give further consideration whether to retain EY . The Board and the Audit Committee may change the appointment at any time if they determine that a change would be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Item 4. Shareholder Proposal to Reduce the Stock Ownership Threshold for Calling a Special Shareholder Meeting At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to consider a shareholder proposal to reduce the stock ownership threshold for calling a special shareholder meeting to 10% of shares outstanding, which is presented in full (as received) on page 107 of this Proxy Statement. The Board has carefully considered the proponent s proposal and believes that the Company s current 25% ownership threshold already provides a meaningful right to call special shareholder meetings that more appropriately balances shareholder rights with protection of the Company s long-term interests and the best interests of our broader shareholder base, as a whole. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote AGAINST this proposal. 4 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY (continued) Item 5. Shareholder Proposal to Issue a Report on the Company s Charitable Support At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to consider a shareholder proposal to issue a report on the Company s charitable support, which is presented in full (as received) on page 109 of this Proxy Statement. The Board has carefully considered the proponent s proposal and believes that the requested report is an unnecessary and inefficient use of C ompany resources, which would not enhance existing governance and oversight mechanisms for the S P Global Foundation s charitable grant-making process. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote AGAINST this proposal. Item 6. Other Matters The Board knows of no other matters which may properly be brought before the Annual Meeting. However, if other matters should properly come before the Annual Meeting, it is the intention of those named in the solicited proxy to vote such proxy in accordance with their best judgment. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The persons listed below, each of whom is currently a Director of the Company, have been nominated by the Board, on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the Nominating Committee ), for election to a one-year term of office that will expire at the next Annual Meeting or until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Each nominee listed below has agreed to serve his or her respective term. If any Director is unable to stand for election, the individuals named as the proxies have the right to designate a substitute , in which case, shares represented by proxies may be voted for a substitute Director, or the Board may reduce its size. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR each of the following Director Nominees: Marco Alver Martina Cheung Jacques Esculier Stephanie Hill Rebecca Jacoby Hubert Joly Ian Livingston Robert Moritz Maria Morris Gregory Washington Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the election of each of the Director Nominees. Unless you specify otherwise, the Board intends the accompanying proxy to be voted for each of these nominees. Biographical information about these nominees can be found on pages 19 through 24 of this Proxy Statement. 6 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Enhanced Corporate Governance Environment The Board regularly assesses and refines our corporate governance policies and procedures to take into account evolving best practices and the best interests of our shareholders. Some highlights of the Board's current corporate governance structure are provided below, reflecting our ongoing commitment to strong and effective governance practices that ensure Board responsiveness and accountability to shareholders. Corporate Governance Materials The following corporate governance materials are available and can be viewed and downloaded from the Corporate Governance section of the Company s Investor Relations website at http://investor.spglobal.com: the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; the Company s By-Laws; the Company s Amended and Restated Corporate Governance Guidelines; Committee Charters for the Board s Audit, Compensation and Leadership Development, Executive, Finance and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees; the Code of Business Ethics applicable to all employees; the Code of Ethics applicable to the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers; the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors applicable to all Company Directors; and the Audit Committee s Policy concerning Employee Complaint Procedures Regarding Accounting and Auditing Matters. The content contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not deemed to be part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Director Independence The Board has determined that all of the Company s current Directors and Directors who served during 2025, with the exception of Ms. Martina Cheung (the Company s current President and Chief Executive Officer, effective as of November 1, 2024) and Mr. Douglas Peterson (the Company s Former President and Chief Executive Officer through November 1, 2024, Former Senior Advisor through December 31, 2025 and Former Director through May 7, 2025), have met the independence requirements of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) based upon the Board s review of Director independence and application of the standards adopted by the Board. To be considered independent, a Director must have no material relationship (other than as a Director) with the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a material relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. In making independence determinations, the Board broadly considers all relevant facts and circumstances. In addition, the Board evaluated the members of the Audit Committee and determined that each member satisfies the additional Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and NYSE independence requirements for Audit Committee members, which provide that they may not be affiliates and may not accept directly or indirectly any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than their directors compensation. The Board evaluated each member of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee (the Compensation Committee ) under the additional SEC and NYSE compensation committee member standards and also determined that these members qualify as non-employee directors (as defined under Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Additional Information Regarding Director Independence In making its independence determinations with respect to our Directors, the Board considered all factors that could potentially interfere with the ability of each Director to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her Board responsibilities, including transactions between the Company and companies with which our Directors are affiliated that were entered into in the ordinary course of business and on comparable terms as transactions with other similarly situated parties. Board Leadership Structure The Board reviews its leadership structure and selects the Chair of the Board annually based upon such criteria as the Company s independent Nominating Committee recommends and consideration of what the Directors believe to be in the best interests of the Company at a given point in time. Lord Ian Livingston is currently serving as the Board s independent Chair, after succeeding Mr. Richard Thornburgh in the role, effective May 7, 2025, following a proactive succession planning process described in our 2025 Proxy Statement. The Board believes that separating the leadership positions of the Chair and CEO is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders at this time, as this structure strengthens our commitment to sound governance by effectively allocating authority, responsibility and oversight between management and the independent members of our Board. Maintaining separate roles permits the CEO to focus more time and energy on the day-to-day management and strategic direction of the Company, while the Chair offers an independent perspective and oversees corporate governance matters and the operation of the Board. In addition, each Committee is led by an independent Director acting as the Committee Chair. The Board believes its risk management processes are well-supported by the current Board leadership structure. 8 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Board and Committee Self-Evaluations Through an annual self-evaluation and ongoing Director feedback, the Board annually assesses the performance and effectiveness of: the Board, the Committees, the Board Chair and each Committee Chair, as well as each individual Director. Evaluation Process The independent Chair of the Board oversees and the Nominating Committee administers the annual evaluation process, including determining the most effective format. The Chair of the Nominating Committee presents key takeaways to the full Board and its Committees for their review and consideration of potential enhancements to Board and Committee functioning. Recent Governance Enhancements : Detailed review of committee structure and allocation of responsibilities, resulting in refined scope and focus for the Finance Committee and thoughtful decision-making to maintain our current approach with primary oversight of technology strategy allocated to the full Board and technology risk allocated to the Audit Committee. Board refreshment through proactive succession planning in anticipation of upcoming retirements and evolving needs, including the recent addition of two new directors, Hubert Joly, effective January 2, 2026, and Robert Moritz, effective February 1, 2026, who contribute extensive expertise in executive leadership, strategy and transformation, finance, accounting, risk management, and global leadership. Additional sessions and trainings on technology, generative AI capabilities, and cybersecurity topics to further enhance Board expertise, including through engagements with external consultants and hands-on workshops with tailored content. More time dedicated to certain strategy and risk management topics, including more frequent updates on risk and mitigation strategies with respect to cyber risk, technology and innovation. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Shareholder Engagement Maintaining an ongoing and active dialogue with shareholders is a critical component of the governance process that promotes transparency, accountability and long-term shareholder value. We value our shareholders feedback and are committed to engaging in constructive and meaningful dialogue with shareholders regarding our governance practices, executive compensation program, and other areas of shareholder focus throughout the year. How We Engage The Company has a long-standing culture of shareholder engagement. A shareholder engagement team consisting of senior management, Investor Relations and the Corporate Secretary leads our outreach initiatives, seeking input from our shareholders in a number of forums year-round, including proactive outreach to institutional investors and targeted proxy-season outreach on specific areas of investor focus. Investor Relations Activities Members of senior management and Investor Relations engage with investors throughout the year, participating in industry conferences, non-deal roadshows and one-on-one investor meetings. We view each interaction as a collaborative conversation that enables us to communicate our strategy and address investor questions, while also listening to and incorporating investor perspectives and feedback as appropriate. Investors have consistently provided positive feedback regarding both the quality and the quantity of the meetings we conduct each year. In 2025, we met with over 1,000 investors as part of our normal-course Investor Relations engagement, with the Say-on-Pay focused outreach led by our Corporate Secretary surpassing the efforts we would ordinarily undertake, as described further below and on page 37 of this Proxy Statement. We also hosted an Investor Day in 2025, during which our CEO and senior leadership team presented the next phase of our growth strategy. Corporate Secretary Outreach In addition to our ongoing Investor Relations activities, we conduct proactive annual outreach led by our Corporate Secretary, inviting the governance representatives of our largest institutional shareholders to discuss corporate governance, compensation, and other areas of investor focus with the Corporate Secretary both during and outside of the proxy season. During 2025, the Corporate Secretary expanded our outreach and engagement, doubling the number of our largest shareholders contacted, to address Say-on-Pay and discuss other areas of investor focus, including board and management leadership transitions. Highlights of these outreach efforts are described below: 10 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Highlights of 2025 Corporate Secretary Outreach Key Topics of Discussion Our engagement initiatives have covered a wide range of important governance topics, providing valuable insights and feedback regarding the following areas of investor focus: Board composition, skills, refreshment and succession planning Management succession planning and leadership transitions Executive compensation AI and technology Board oversight of risk management Human capital and talent management The Board and its relevant committees consider our shareholders views and perspectives as part of their decision-making process on key issues and areas of investor focus, including strategy, governance, compensation, and disclosure, to integrate shareholder input and emerging best practice into our governance process. For a detailed discussion of our compensation-related shareholder engagement initiatives and actions taken in response to our 2025 Say-on-Pay vote result, please see page 36 in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement. Contacting the Board We believe communication between the Board and the Company s shareholders is an important part of the governance process. Shareholders and other interested parties may communicate with our Board or any Director or Committee (including our Independent Board Chair or the non-management Directors as a group) by writing to the Corporate Secretary, c/o Office of the General Counsel, S P Global Inc., 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041-0003 or by sending an e-mail to the Corporate Secretary at corporate.secretary@spglobal.com. The Corporate Secretary will then forward all questions or comments directly to our Board, the non-management Directors as a group or a specific Director, as the case may be, unless such questions or comments are considered, in the reasonable judgment of the Corporate Secretary to be inappropriate for submission to the intended recipient(s). Please see page 117 of this Proxy Statement for additional information. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Role of Board of Directors in Risk Oversight The Board believes that effective risk management is essential to the Company s commitment to deliver long-term shareholder value. The Board is broadly responsible for overseeing and evaluating the management of the Company, including the development and implementation of the Company s strategic objectives, and provides direction to management for the benefit of the Company s shareholders. In connection with the Board s important role in overseeing the Company s strategic direction for the benefit of shareholders, the Board plays an essential role in the oversight of risk management. Highlights of the Board s risk management process include: Role of the Board and its Committees The Board has oversight responsibility for the Company s risk management framework. In overseeing the Company s risk management framework, the Board strives to ensure that the Company s overall risk exposure is appropriately aligned with the Company s strategy and agreed risk tolerances, focusing on significant strategic and competitive, financial, operational, legal and compliance, technology and cybersecurity, talent management and culture risks facing the Company. The Board exercises its risk oversight responsibilities both directly and indirectly through the Board s Committees by delegating oversight for specific categories of risk to its Committees, which assist the Board in evaluating the key risks faced by the Company and assessing the Company s policies, procedures, monitoring and escalation protocols as they relate to risk management. 12 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Board and Committee Oversight of Certain Key Risks As part of the Board s responsibility to exercise effective and meaningful oversight of the Company s risk management process, the Board periodically reviews key risks at the Board and Committee level and periodically assesses the appropriate oversight structure for such risks. Board Oversight of Technology and Cybersecurity Threats The Board has oversight responsibility for the Company s risk management framework for technology and cybersecurity risks facing the Company. The full Board receives briefings from management on enterprise-wide technology, cybersecurity risk management and the overall technology and cybersecurity environment, including biannual reports from the Chief Information Security Officer (the CISO ) and the head of our enterprise technology function, as well as an annual deep dive on top enterprise risks from our Chief Risk Officer. The Board also coordinates with the Audit Committee to ensure active Board- and Committee-level oversight of the Company s technology and cyber risk profile, enterprise technology and cyber strategies, and information security initiatives. The Board has delegated primary responsibility for oversight of the Company s key risks, including technology and cybersecurity risks, to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews technology and cybersecurity risks, as well as the Company s risk mitigation processes and internal control procedures to protect sensitive business information. The Audit Committee also receives regular updates from the head of our enterprise technology function and the CISO on the Company s technology and cybersecurity programs. In addition, the Finance Committee oversees management s strategy with regard to technology and associated risks, including cybersecurity risks, when considering major capital expenditures and acquisitions. The Board receives regular updates from the Audit Committee on its in-depth Committee-level review. Our Board and Audit Committee gave significant consideration over the past several years to the appropriate Board and Committee oversight structure for risks associated with technology and cybersecurity, especially in light of the evolving risk landscape related to artificial intelligence (AI). Most recently, the Board conducted benchmarking on the potential addition of specialized committees on risk or technology in 2025. Following careful review by the Board Chair and the Nominating Committee, including consideration of the advice of external advisors, the Board determined to maintain our current oversight structure, with technology-related risk delegated to the Audit Committee and technology strategy discussions remaining with the full Board to ensure detailed and ongoing risk oversight at the committee level and significant Board engagement on strategic decision-making related to technology developments. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Human Capital Management Oversight The Board and management view effective human capital management as critical to the Company s ability to execute its strategy. As a result, the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee oversee and regularly engage with our CEO, Chief People Officer (the CPO ), and other members of senior leadership on a broad range of people topics, including: talent attraction, development and leadership succession planning; compensation and benefits; workplace culture, health, safety and well-being; and employee engagement and retention. At the management level, our Chief People Officer is responsible for leading the development and execution of the Company s human capital management strategy, also referred to as our People strategy, working together with other senior leaders across the Company. Risk Assessment of Compensation Policies and Practices At least annually, the Compensation Committee oversees a risk review of the various components of our compensation program. In 2025, the Committee and its independent compensation consultant determined that the Company s compensation plans, programs and policies do not encourage excessive risk taking and do not present a material risk of causing behavior that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. For additional information, see page 70 of this Proxy Statement. Role of Management in Integrated Risk Management Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company s risk exposures in a manner consistent with the strategic direction and objectives established by the Board. As a critical component of the Company s risk management process, management has adopted an integrated risk management framework to continuously identify, assess, measure, manage, monitor and report current and emerging non-financial risks. As part of this framework, the Company has an Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) Committee which is chaired by the Company s Chief Risk Officer. Our CISO is also a member of the ERM Committee. The ERM Committee oversees the Company s risk management framework, including the implementation of the framework components across the Company and promotes a strong Company-wide culture of risk management, compliance and control. Talent Management and Succession Planning The Board believes that one of its primary responsibilities is to oversee the development and retention of executive talent and to ensure appropriate succession plans are in place so that the Company has the executive talent it needs to successfully execute the Company s short-term and long-term business objectives. CEO and Executive Leadership Team Succession Planning In line with best practices, the Board regularly reviews succession planning with respect to key leaders, including the CEO. Reporting to the Board, the Nominating Committee is charged with long-term and emergency succession planning for the CEO and has established and manages a robust, thoughtful and comprehensive process for CEO succession planning. The Compensation Committee is charged with succession planning and talent development for the direct reports to the CEO on our Executive Leadership Team, including an in-depth formal performance and succession planning review and report out to the full Board at least annually. Together, in consultation with the CEO, the CPO and other members of management, the Nominating Committee, the Compensation Committee and the full Board review succession planning both formally, at least on an annual basis, as well as informally throughout the year in Executive Session. Talent Management and Leadership Development The Compensation Committee oversees our talent management and leadership development programs throughout the year to assist with identifying and developing the Company s future leaders and succession pipeline. Our Board calendar includes at least one meeting each year for a detailed talent review with the CEO, CPO and Compensation Committee to assess the succession readiness of the Executive Leadership Team, their direct reports and other high-potential talent, including a review of the Company s talent development programs, leadership pipeline, and plans for key executive positions. The Board also gains exposure to and independently evaluates potential succession candidates both formally, during Board and Committee presentations, and outside the boardroom, by interacting with key talent through employee engagement events, conferences and offsite meetings. 14 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Process for Identifying and Evaluating Directors and Nominees The Nominating Committee reviews with the Board, on an annual basis, the current composition of the Board. Based on its annual review, the Committee recommends to the Board the general selection criteria for Director nominees, screens potential Director candidates, and recommends the slate of Director nominees for election to the Board at the Company s Annual Meeting in light of current and anticipated needs of the Board and its committees. Board Refreshment and Succession Planning We believe that thoughtful Board refreshment and proactive Director succession planning is an integral part of the Company s ability to deliver on its long-term strategy. Board Refreshment To ensure the right balance of fresh new perspectives with the continuity and institutional knowledge contributed by our longer-serving Directors, the Committee regularly reviews best practices to enhance the Board s refreshment process. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines incorporate refreshment mechanisms upon certain circumstances and provide for an annual performance evaluation for evaluating individual D irector performance and identifying specific skill sets and experience to prioritize as the needs of our Board and Company evolve. The Board has engaged in significant refreshment activities to further strengthen Board expertise in targeted areas of importance to the Company s business strategy. A total of four D irectors retired from the Board at the 2025 Annual Meeting as part of the natural Board refreshment process, providing an opportunity for the Committee to carefully evaluate the optimal Board size and collective balance of skills and experience to successfully support the Company s evolving needs and strategic direction. Board Refreshment (2020 Present) Succession Planning and Director Recruitment Process In anticipation of retirements, resignations and evolving strategic needs for new skills and capabilities, the Committee conducts proactive, strategy-driven Director succession planning. The succession planning and new Director recruitment process is designed to be responsive to anticipated future needs in light of evolving business, industry and market dynamics, and to ensure the Board s members bring the right balance of broad skills, experience, backgrounds, and tenure to effectively promote, support, and oversee the implementation of our long-term strategy. The Committee follows a multiphase approach to succession planning and the Director recruitment process to identify and evaluate potential new Director candidates. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) As part of the evaluation process, the Committee reviews and considers available information regarding each candidate, including skills and qualifications and a range of backgrounds and experiences. The Committee also reviews the candidate s independence, including any relationships with the Company. The Board does not have a formal policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees. New Director Nominees As part of a proactive and strategic Board succession planning process designed to ensure our D irectors retain the right balance of skills and expertise to support the future direction of the Company following four D irector retirements at the 2025 Annual Meeting, the Board recently appointed two new D irectors. Hubert Joly joined the Board, effective January 2, 2026, possessing extensive experience and qualifications in key strategic and priority areas for the Board, including CEO-level leadership, global operating experience, and demonstrated capability leading organizations through transformation and change. Mr. Joly is the former Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Best Buy Co., Inc. and previously served as President and CEO of Carlson, a global hospitality and travel company, and he is now a senior lecturer at Harvard Business School. The Board believes Mr. Joly will contribute valuable insight and perspective on executive leadership, strategy execution, and organizational change, together with a global outlook shaped by leadership roles in large, complex multinational businesses and ongoing engagement with business leadership and talent development. Mr. Joly serves on the Board s Audit and Compensation Committees. Mr. Joly was recommended to the Nominating Committee by internal referral as well as external search firm, Heidrick Struggles. Robert Moritz joined the Board, effective February 1, 2026, bringing extensive experience and qualifications in key strategic and priority areas for the Board, including executive leadership, significant finance, accounting, and audit expertise, along with a global perspective developed over more than four decades advising organizations across the financial services, banking, and capital markets sectors. Most recently, Mr. Moritz served as global Chairman of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC ( PwC ), where he led the firm s global leadership teams, setting strategy and elevating PwC s brand among clients and stakeholders. The Board believes Mr. Moritz will contribute valuable insight and perspective on finance and accounting, audit and assurance, and global enterprise risk, informed by his leadership of a global professional services organization serving complex, multinational clients. Mr. Moritz serves on the Board s Audit and Nominating Committees. Mr. Moritz was recommended to the Nominating Committee by internal referral as well as external search firm, Heidrick Struggles. The Board believes that, taken together, Mr. Joly and Mr. Moritz will enhance the Board s overall mix of skills and experience by adding significant accounting and audit expertise, strong financial oversight experience, and seasoned global executive leadership to support the Board s oversight of S P Global s strategy and risk management as the Company continues to operate in a rapidly evolving global environment. Shareholder Recommendations and Nominations of Director Candidates Candidates may come to the Committee s attention through recommendations from current Board members, senior management, professional search firms, shareholders or other sources. The Committee will consider Director candidates recommended by shareholders and evaluates shareholder candidates based on the same selection criteria it uses for other Director candidates. Shareholder recommendations may be sent to the Corporate Secretary, c/o Office of the General Counsel, S P Global Inc., 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041-0003 by mail or by sending an e-mail to the Corporate Secretary at corporate.secretary@spglobal.com. Shareholder nominations should be addressed in the manner and by the deadlines described on page 115 of this Proxy Statement. 16 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Director Training and Education New Directors participate in a comprehensive orientation to introduce them to the Company and key members of management, providing information regarding our business operations and strategy. In addition, newly appointed Committee Chairs and the independent Board Chair also receive onboarding and orientation training to facilitate their transition and assumption of new roles and responsibilities. The Nominating Committee periodically reviews these onboarding and orientation programs, including by soliciting feedback from Directors who recently participated in the onboarding programs, and coordinates with the Corporate Secretary and management on the program design and the implementation of recommended future enhancements. To enhance their understanding of the Company s business, Directors also participate in meetings at our various offices across the globe where they interact directly with local personnel responsible for day-to-day operations. These activities ensure that our Board members remain knowledgeable and informed of the most important business issues facing our Company and have deeper access to talent. Most recently, to help keep directors well informed on the evolving technology landscape, we have provided dedicated trainings on generative AI, partnering with Accenture to support upskilling and tailored content for D irectors, accompanied by hands-on workshop sessions using our in-house AI tool, Spark Assist. We also arrange regular updates from management, briefings from external speakers and consultants, and visits with customers and other industry thought leaders. Throughout their tenure, Directors are encouraged to enroll in educational and training programs. In addition, the full Board receives regular management updates on industry and corporate governance developments affecting the Company and conducts a dedicated and in-depth strategy session at least annually to discuss the most critical strategic issues, opportunities and challenges facing the Company. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Director Skills, Qualifications and Experience The Nominating Committee has reviewed with the Board the specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills of each Director nominee standing for election at this Annual Meeting. The Committee has concluded that each Director nominee has the appropriate skills and qualifications required of Board membership and that each possesses an in-depth knowledge of the Company s complex global businesses and strategy. Director Skills Matrix The following table describes key experience and expertise that our Director nominees collectively possess and that we consider most relevant to the decision to nominate candidates to serve on the Board. A mark in the Director skills matrix below indicates a specific or specialized area of focus or expertise that each Director nominee brings to the Board. Not having a mark does not mean the Director does not possess that qualification or skill. Additional information regarding the experience and key competencies of each individual Director nominee, as reviewed and considered by the Committee, is provided on pages 19 through 24 of this Proxy Statement. 18 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Director Nominees Our Board has nominated the following ten Director nominees to stand for election at the Annual Meeting to serve one-year terms that will expire at the 2027 Annual Meeting. All nominees are currently serving as Directors of the Company and, with the exception of Hubert Joly and Robert Moritz, have been previously elected by our shareholders. William Green, a current director, is not standing for reelection. Set forth below is information regarding each of the ten Director nominees. Please see pages 112 through 117 of this Proxy Statement for voting information. For each Director nominee s biography, we have highlighted certain notable skills and qualifications that the Nominating Committee reviewed and considered when recommending the Director nominee. Committee membership is identified for appointments held as of February 1, 2026. Marco Alver , 50 (E) Independent Director Since 2017 Committees : Finance (Chair), Executive, Audit Other Current Listed Company Directorships: None Recent Former Public Company Directorships: Snam, s.p.A. Career Highlights Marco Alver is Group Chief Executive Officer of Tree Energy Solutions, an LNG and new energy company, since June 2022 and Co-Founder of Zhero. Previously, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Snam S.p.A., Europe s leading natural gas utility, from 2016 to 2022. Prior to joining Snam in 2016, Mr. Alver held a number of senior management and operational leadership positions at Eni S.p.A., among them, Head of Eni s commodities trading and shipping business, and Senior EVP of Upstream business. He has participated in the upstream, midstream and downstream aspects of the oil and gas industry. Prior to Eni S.p.A., Mr. Alver served as Head of Group Strategy at Enel S.p.A., a multinational power company functioning in the gas and electricity sectors, particularly in Europe and Latin America. He also served as Chief Financial Officer of Wind Telecomunicazioni S.p.A. and co-founded Netesi, Italy s first broadband ADSL company. Mr. Alver started his career in M A at Goldman Sachs. Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement Mr. Alver sits on the board of the Cini Foundation in Venice. He is a co-founder of the Kenta Foundation and co-founder and CEO of Zhero, since 2022. Mr. Alver wrote the books Generation H (Mondadori), The Hydrogen Revolution (Basics Book), and Zhero (Salani editori). He was a visiting fellow at Oxford University and is a frequent speaker and lecturer on business, sustainability, and energy markets. (E) Audit Committee Financial Expert 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Martina Cheung, 50 | President and Chief Executive Officer Director Since 2024 Committees: Executive Other Current Listed Company Directorships: None Career Highlights Martina Cheung is President, CEO, and a member of the Board of Directors of S P Global. Previously, Ms. Cheung was President of S P Global Ratings and served as the Executive Lead of S P Global Sustainable1. Earlier, she was President of S P Global Market Intelligence. Ms. Cheung joined the Company in 2010 as Vice President of Operations for S P Global Ratings and went on to serve as S P Global s Chief Strategy Officer. She also was Head of Risk Services for S P Global Market Intelligence. Prior to joining S P Global, Ms. Cheung worked for Accenture s Financial Services Strategy group and later as a Partner at Mitchell Madison Consulting. Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement Ms. Cheung was named one of the Most Powerful Women in Finance by American Banker and included on the list of Influential Women in Institutional Investing by Pensions Investments in 2024. Also in 2024, INvolve named her to its 100 Empower Executives list for the second consecutive year. Ms. Cheung received the Merit Award from The Women s Bond Club in 2022. In addition, she was honored at the 2022 Ascend A-List Awards for advancing Pan-Asian professionals, and she was inducted into the Academy of Women Leaders by the YWCA New York City in 2016. Ms. Cheung is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the Economic Club of New York, and served on the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission s (CFTC) subcommittee on Climate-Related Market Risk. Ms. Cheung was a member of the Board of CRISIL, a global analytics company and India s leading credit ratings agency. She holds a bachelor s degree in commerce and a master s degree in business studies from National University of Ireland, Galway. Jacques Esculier, 66 (E) Independent Director Since 2022 Committees: Audit, Finance Other Current Listed Company Directorships: None Recent Former Public Company Directorships: Daimler Truck Holding AG; WABCO Holdings Inc. Career Highlights Mr. Esculier served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of WABCO Holdings Inc. from July 2007 until his retirement in May 2020 when the company was acquired. From May 2009 until his retirement, he also served as Chairman of the Board of WABCO Holdings. Prior to July 2007, Mr. Esculier served as Vice President of American Standard Companies Inc. and President of its Vehicle Control Systems business, a position he had held since January 2004. Prior to holding that position, Mr. Esculier served in the capacity of Business Leader for American Standard s Trane Commercial Systems Europe, Middle East, Africa, India Asia Region from 2002 through January 2004. Prior to joining American Standard in 2002, Mr. Esculier spent more than six years in leadership positions at AlliedSignal/Honeywell Aerospace. He was Vice President and General Manager of Environmental Control and Power Systems Enterprise based in Los Angeles and Vice President of Aftermarket Services- Asia Pacific based in Singapore. Mr. Esculier was a member of the board of directors of Pentair PLC from 2014 until May 2020. Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement Mr. Esculier was awarded the U.S. Army Commander s Award for Civilian Service related to work on helicopters of NASA. Mr. Esculier holds a Master of Science in General Sciences from Ecole Polytechnique de Paris, a Master of Science in Aerospace from Institut Superieur de l Aeronautique et de l Espace and an MBA from INSEAD. (E) Audit Committee Financial Expert 20 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Stephanie Hill, 61 Independent Director Since 2017 Committees : Compensation (Chair), Executive, Nominating Other Current Listed Company Directorships : None Career Highlights Ms. Hill is President, Rotary and Mission Systems, of Lockheed Martin. Since joining Lockheed Martin in 1987 as a software engineer, Ms. Hill has held positions of increasing responsibility including: Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, Enterprise Business Transformation; Deputy Executive Vice President of RMS; Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development; Vice President General Manager of Cyber, Ships Advanced Technologies; Vice President General Manager of Information Systems Global Solutions Civil business; Vice President of Corporate Internal Audit; and Vice President General Manager of the Electronic Systems Mission Systems Sensors business. Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement Ms. Hill has been recognized for her career achievements and community outreach, especially in the advancement of STEM education. She was listed among Savoy Magazine s 2020 Most Influential Black Executives in Corporate America; Black Enterprise s 2019 Most Powerful Women in Corporate America; EBONY Magazine s Power 100; and Computerworld s Premier 100 IT Leaders. Ms. Hill was named as the U.S. Black Engineer of the Year by Career Communications Group in 2014 and was honored by The World Trade Center Institute in 2015 with their Maryland International Business Leadership Award. In 2013, she received the Corporate Heroine in Technology Award from the March of Dimes and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association. Deeply committed to the development of others, Ms. Hill serves as a mentor to many students and professionals. Ms. Hill graduated with high honors from the University of Maryland, Baltimore County with a Bachelor of Science degree in computer science and economics. She received an honorary doctorate from the university in 2017. Rebecca Jacoby, 64 Independent Director Since 2014 Committees : Audit (Chair), Executive, Finance Other Current Listed Company Directorships : None Recent Former Public Company Directorships : Quantum Corporation Career Highlights Ms. Jacoby was Senior Vice President, Operations of Cisco Systems, Inc., a worldwide leader in IT networking, until her retirement in January 2018. She was promoted to the role in July 2015 and was responsible for driving profitable growth and enabling operational excellence. She oversaw the supply chain, global business services, security and trust, and IT organizations. In her former role as Cisco s CIO from 2006 to 2015, she made the Cisco IT organization a strategic business partner, producing significant business value for Cisco in the form of financial performance, customer satisfaction and loyalty, market share, and productivity. Since joining Cisco in 1995, she held a variety of leadership roles in operations, manufacturing and IT. Prior to joining Cisco, she held a range of planning and operations positions with other companies in Silicon Valley. Her extensive understanding of business operations, infrastructure and application deployments, as well as her knowledge of products, software and services helped her advance Cisco s business through the use of Cisco technology. Since 2019, she serves on the Advisory Board of ParkourSC, a provider of IoT tracking solutions creating continuous visibility into the location, condition and context of material goods and assets. Ms. Jacoby formerly served on the Board of Apptio, Inc., which provides cloud-based technology business management solutions to enterprises, from 2018 until its acquisition by Vista Equity Partners in January of 2019, as well as the Board of Quantum Corporation, which provides technology and services to help customers capture, create and share digital content, from 2019 to 2023. Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement Ms. Jacoby spent six years on the board of the Second Harvest Food Bank of Santa Clara and San Mateo Counties and is a founding member of the Technology Business Management Council. Known for her strong track record of operational excellence, innovative problem solving and talent development, she was inducted into the CIO Hall of Fame by CIO magazine and was recognized by Forbes as a Superstar CIO in 2012. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Hubert Joly, 66 (E) Independent Director Since 2026 Committees : Audit, Compensation Other Current Listed Company Directorships : Johnson Johnson Recent Former Public Company Directorships : Ralph Lauren Corporation; Best Buy Co., Inc. Career Highlights Mr. Joly is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Best Buy Co., Inc., where he served from 2012 to 2020. Mr. Joly is also currently a member of the Board of Directors of Johnson Johnson, a senior lecturer at Harvard Business School, and a member of the board of trustees of the New York Public Library. Previously, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Carlson from 2008 to 2012, after he joined Carlson in 2004 as President and Chief Executive Officer of Carlson Wagonlit Travel. He also previously served as Executive Vice President, American Assets of Vivendi Universal from 2002 to 2004 and in various other positions at Vivendi Universal since 1999. Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement Mr. Joly previously served on the boards of Ralph Lauren Corporation, Carlson, The Rezidor Hotel Group, The Minneapolis Institute of Arts, and the World Travel and Tourism Council. (E) Audit Committee Financial Expert Ian Livingston, 61 Independent Director Since 2020 Committees : Compensation, Executive (Chair), Nominating Other Current Listed Company Directorships : National Grid plc Recent Former Public Company Directorships : Currys plc Career Highlights Ian Livingston (Lord Livingston of Parkhead) was CEO of BT Group plc, the UK telecommunications provider, from 2008-2013, and Minister for Trade and Investment, responsible for UK trade and inward investment, from 2013-2015. He is also a Senior Independent Director of National Grid plc, one of the world s largest publicly listed utilities, as well as a Non Executive Chair of the Business Growth Fund, a major investor in growth businesses in UK and Ireland. He was previously Chairman of Currys plc, one of Europe s largest retailers of consumer electronics and the FTSE 250 fund manager, Man Group plc. He has also been CFO of BT Group plc and Dixons Group plc, at the time being the youngest CFO in the FTSE 100. Other non-executive experience includes Non-Executive Director and Chair of Audit Committee of the luxury hotels group, Belmond Ltd and Celtic plc. Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement Lord Livingston is also a member of the House of Lords in the UK Parliament. 22 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Robert Moritz, 62 (E) Independent Director Since 2026 Committees : Audit, Nominating Other Current Listed Company Directorships : Walmart Inc.; Northern Trust Corp. Career Highlights Robert Moritz was the Global Chairman of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ), where he served from 2016 to 2024. Mr. Moritz is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Walmart, where he sits on the Audit and Technology eCommerce Committees, and Northern Trust Corporation, where he sits on the Audit and Human Capital Compensation Committees. In his role as Global Chairman of PwC from 2016-2024, Mr. Moritz led the international network s leadership teams, set strategy and enhanced the brand of PwC through quality service to their stakeholders. Mr. Moritz spent 39 years with PwC, joining in 1985 and becoming a partner in 1995. He has an audit and assurance background, primarily dealing with financial services, banking and capital markets clients. During the course of his career, Mr. Moritz spent three years with PwC Japan, working with European and U.S.-based financial services companies operating in Asia. Prior to taking on the global role, Mr. Moritz led the U.S. firm of PwC as its Chairman and Senior Partner for seven years. Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement In addition to spending a career focused on the principles of shared value, Mr. Moritz holds several not-for-profit board seats, including Generation Unlimited and SUNY-Oswego College Foundation, his alma mater. (E) Audit Committee Financial Expert Maria Morris, 63 Independent Director Since 2016 Committees : Nominating (Chair), Executive, Finance Other Current Listed Company Directorships : Allstate Corporation; Wells Fargo Company Career Highlights Ms. Morris served on MetLife s Executive Group for almost a decade (retired September 2017), holding numerous senior leadership positions throughout her 33-year career. From 2011 through her retirement, she was Executive Vice President, MetLife, Inc. and led the company s Global Employee Benefits (GEB) business. In her role leading MetLife s GEB business since 2012, she was responsible for expanding MetLife s employee benefits business in more than 40 countries, broadening relationships and fueling growth across the globe via local solutions and partnerships with multinational corporations, as well as through distribution relationships with financial institutions. She also served as the interim Head of MetLife s U.S. Business from January 2016 to June 2017, where she was responsible for approximately 60% of MetLife s operating earnings, post separation of its retail business. She served as MetLife s Interim Chief Marketing Officer in 2014, where she continued to strengthen MetLife s brand across the globe. From 2008 to 2011, she led Global Technology and Operations, where she managed a $1.6 billion IT portfolio and a $2.5 billion procurement and real estate budget. She also oversaw the integration of MetLife s $16.4 billion acquisition of American Life Insurance Company (Alico). Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement Ms. Morris presently sits on the Board of Wells Fargo Company where she chairs the Risk Committee. She is also a Board member of Allstate and privately-held Resolution Life, where she chairs the Compensation Committee. Ms. Morris is the Chair of Catholic Charities of NY and the Chair of the Board of Directors of Helen Keller International. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Gregory Washington, 60 Independent Director Since 2021 Committees : Audit, Compensation Other Current Listed Company Directorships : None Career Highlights Dr. Washington is the President of George Mason University, Virginia s largest and most diverse public research university. He is the former dean of the Henry Samueli School of Engineering at the University of California, Irving (UCI) and former interim dean of the College of Engineering at Ohio State University. Dr. Washington launched his academic career in 1995 as an assistant professor in the Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering in the College of Engineering at Ohio State University. He became an associate professor in 2000 and a professor in 2004. He began serving as the college s associate dean for research in 2005 and also led the university s Institute for Energy and the Environment. From 2008 to 2011, Dr. Washington served as interim dean of the Ohio State engineering school, one of the largest in the country. Dr. Washington has conducted research for NSF, NASA, General Motors, the Air Force Research Laboratory, and the U.S. Army Research Office, among others. He has served as a member of the U.S. Air Force Scientific Advisory Board, NSF Engineering Advisory Committee, Institute for Defense Analyses, the Octane Board of Directors and other boards. Dr. Washington also is past chair of the Engineering Deans Council of the American Society for Engineering Education and a Fellow of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. He previously served on the board of directors for Algaeventure Systems Inc. and EWI Inc. Other Professional Experience and Community Involvement Dr. Washington sits on the Board of WGL, one of the oldest utilities in the country. Dr. Washington also sits on the Board of Trustees of Internet2, a nonprofit organization that provides cloud solutions and research support services for higher education, research institutions, government, and cultural organizations. Dr. Washington earned his bachelor s and master s degrees and his PhD, all in mechanical engineering, at North Carolina State University. 24 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Committees of the Board of Directors The Company has standing Nominating, Audit, and Compensation Committees. The Chair of each Committee reports to the full Board following each regularly scheduled committee meeting and as appropriate from time to time. Each standing Committee has a Charter that is reviewed by the respective Committee at least annually and by the Nominating Committee on a regular basis. In addition to these three standing Committees, the Board has an Executive Committee and a Finance Committee. A brief description of the Committees follows. Maria Morris (Chair) Other Members: William Green* Stephanie Hill Ian Livingston Robert Moritz All current members of the Committee are independent as defined in the rules of the NYSE Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Roles Responsibilities The Nominating Committee s primary responsibilities include, among other matters: Recommending to the Board the general criteria for selection of Director nominees and evaluating possible candidates to serve on the Board; Determining whether any material relationship between a non-management Director and the Company might exist that would affect that Director s status as independent; Making recommendations, from time to time, to the Board as to matters of corporate governance, corporate responsibility, and reputational risk management; Overseeing the Board s annual self-evaluation process and monitoring the performance of the Board, the Board s committees, Board leadership, and individual directors; and Reviewing with the Board succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer. Committee Advisors The Committee periodically engages the services of Pay Governance LLC, an independent compensation consultant, to review director compensation, and various independent third-party search firms to assist with Board succession planning and new director searches. In 2025, the Committee engaged the services of Heidrick Struggles, to assist with Board succession planning, new director searches, and related communications, including with respect to the selection and announcement of the recent appointments of Hubert Joly and Robert Moritz to the Board, effective January 2, 2026 and February 1, 2026, respectively. *Mr. Green will retire from our Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Marco Alver (Chair) Other Members: Jacques Esculier Rebecca Jacoby Maria Morris All current members of the Committee are independent as defined in the rules of the NYSE Finance Committee Roles Responsibilities The Finance Committee s primary responsibilities include, among other matters: Overseeing the Company s capital allocation program, structure, and management; Reviewing and approving the annual capital plan and budget (including stress testing of the capital plan) and the annual dividend and shareholder repurchase programs in coordination with the Board; Reviewing and approving the Company s treasury strategy, including cash management, liquidity position, and recommendations regarding capital structure (subject to delegation of authority thresholds); Reviewing and approving capital expenditures and investments (subject to delegation of authority thresholds), including acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and other strategic transactions; and Reviewing methods of obtaining financing for the Company s expenditures and investments. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Stephanie Hill (Chair) Other Members: William Green* Hubert Joly Ian Livingston Gregory Washington All current members of the Committee are independent as defined in the rules of the NYSE Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Roles Responsibilities The Compensation Committee s primary responsibilities include, among other matters: Establishing an overall total compensation philosophy for the Company, which it periodically reviews; Administering and interpreting the Company s incentive compensation plans, including the Key Executive Short-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, and all other compensation and benefits plans in which the Company s senior management participates; Establishing performance objectives and approving awards and payments in connection with the Company s incentive compensation plans to ensure consistency with the Company s financial and strategic plans and objectives; Reviewing and approving the goals and objectives for the Chief Executive Officer s performance, evaluating the Chief Executive Officer s performance, and establishing the Chief Executive Officer s total compensation; Establishing and approving the compensation to be paid to the Executive Leadership Team and approving the overall design of the total executive compensation program to ensure it is appropriately competitive, supports organization objectives and shareholder interests and creates pay-for-performance linkage; Reviewing the succession and development plans for executives and other key talent below the direct reports to the Chief Executive Officer; Overseeing and reviewing the Company s culture and policies and strategies related to human capital management; Reviewing, on at least an annual basis, the Company s compensation plans and programs to ensure they do not encourage unnecessary or imprudent risk-taking; and Providing oversight of the Company s clawback and pay recovery policies. Governance, Operations Procedures All current members of the Committee are independent as defined in the rules of the NYSE and qualify as non-employee directors (as defined under Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Committee Advisors The Committee has sole authority to retain and terminate all external consultants, to commission surveys or analyses that it determines necessary to fulfill its responsibilities, and to approve the fees of all such external consultants. The Committee utilizes the services of Pay Governance LLC as its external compensation advisor for all matters concerning the Company s senior management compensation programs. Pay Governance LLC provides no other executive compensation consulting or other services to the Company or its management other than advice provided to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee on an ad-hoc basis with respect to director compensation. Pay Governance LLC works in cooperation with Company management on matters that come before the Committee but always in its capacity as the Committee s independent advisor and representative. In accordance with the Committee s policy on assessing advisor independence, the Committee determined in 2025 that there were no conflicts of interest or issues related to independence that would impact the advice to the Committee from Pay Governance LLC. The Committee has entered into a consulting agreement with Pay Governance LLC that specifies the nature and scope of its responsibilities, which are further described on page 43 of this Proxy Statement. *Mr. Green will retire from our Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. 26 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Rebecca Jacoby (Chair) Other Members: Marco Alver E Jacques Esculier E Hubert Joly E Robert Moritz E Gregory Washington All current members of the Committee are independent as defined in the rules of the NYSE E Denotes Committee members who are considered financial experts as defined in the rules of the SEC and NYSE Audit Committee Roles Responsibilities The Audit Committee oversees the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company, the audits of the Company s financial statements, and the Company s risk management process and compliance programs. As part of these responsibilities, the Audit Committee s primary duties include, among other matters, assisting with the Board s oversight of: The integrity of the Company s financial statements; The Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; The independent auditor s qualifications and independence; The performance of the Company s internal audit function and independent auditors; The Company s internal accounting controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and internal controls over financial reporting; and Key risks of the Company. Governance, Operations Procedures Additional information regarding the Committee s governance, operations and procedures is provided below: The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee are financially literate, and four members of the Audit Committee qualify as financial experts as defined in the rules of the SEC and the NYSE. There is a brief listing of the qualifications of the Director nominees who are Committee members in their respective biographies on pages 19 through 24 of this Proxy Statement. The Audit Committee Report, starting on page 106 of this Proxy Statement, summarizes certain important actions of the Committee taken during the Company s 2025 fiscal year. Ian Livingston (Chair) Other Members: Marco Alver Martina Cheung Stephanie Hill Rebecca Jacoby Maria Morris Executive Committee Roles Responsibilities The Executive Committee has all the authority of the Board, except for those actions not permitted by Section 712 of the Business Corporation Law of the State of New York, which include amending the Company s By-Laws, filling Board or Committee vacancies, and fixing director compensation, among other restrictions. The Chairman of the Board serves as the Chair of the Executive Committee. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) Membership and Meetings of the Board and Its Committees In 2025, no Director attended fewer than 75 percent of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board and the Committees on which he or she served. Committee membership for each Director as of the end of fiscal year 2025 and the number of meetings of the full Board and each Committee held during 2025 are shown in the table below. The Board held 9 meetings in 2025. Audit Compensation Executive Finance Nominating Marco Alver Chair Martina Cheung Jacques Esculier Gay Huey Evans (2) William Green (1) Stephanie Hill Chair Rebecca Jacoby Chair Robert Kelly (2) Ian Livingston Chair Maria Morris Chair Douglas Peterson (2) Richard Thornburgh (2) Gregory Washington Number of 2025 Meetings 11 8 8 6 (1) Mr. Green is not standing for re-election and will retire from our Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. (2) Ms. Huey Evans and Messrs. Kelly, Peterson, and Thornburgh retired from the Board at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 7, 2025. In 2025, the independent Directors met in executive sessions at least 6 times without any member of management present. Current committee composition for fiscal year 2026 is reflected on pages 25 through 27 of this Proxy Statement. Annual Meeting Attendance It is the Company s policy that, subject to illness or an unavoidable schedule conflict, all Directors will attend and be introduced at the Annual Meeting. All of our Directors who were then Directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting. Executive Sessions Executive sessions of our independent directors are held at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Each session is chaired by the independent Chair of the Board who may, at his discretion, invite the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, other employees or independent outside advisors or experts to participate. Director and Officer Indemnification and Insurance Each Director and certain of our executive officers have entered into an indemnification agreement with the Company that provides indemnification for judgments and amounts paid in settlement and related expenses to the fullest extent permitted under the applicable provisions of the New York Business Corporation Law. Indemnification will be reduced to the extent that a Director or executive officer is indemnified by the Company s Directors and Officers liability insurance. The Company has for many years had an insurance program in place that provides Directors and Officers liability insurance coverage. The Company s current insurance coverage was purchased for the period of May 15, 2025 to May 15, 2026 for a premium of approximately $3.8 million. This insurance is provided by a consortium of carriers that includes: AIG, Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance, Great American, Travelers, Nationwide, Sompo, CNA, Starr, Zurich American Insurance Company, Ascot, Liberty, Swiss Re, Canopius, Westfield, Axis, Allianz, Falcon, Scor, Vantage Falcon. This program also includes additional capacity dedicated to providing excess coverage for Directors and certain of our executive officers when the Company cannot indemnify them. The additional capacity is provided by the following consortium of carriers: AIG; RLI; Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance; Continental Casualty Company; Berkeley Insurance Company; XL; RLI, U.S. Specialty Insurance Company; Zurich American Insurance Company; and Travelers. 28 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued) The Company also maintains a fiduciary liability insurance program that covers Directors and employees who serve as fiduciaries for our employee benefit plans. This coverage, subject to a number of standard exclusions and certain deductibles, indemnifies the Directors and employees from alleged breaches of fiduciary or administrative duties, as defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 or similar laws or regulations outside the United States. The Company s current fiduciary liability coverage was purchased for the period of May 15, 2025 to May 15, 2026 for a premium of approximately $328,000. This insurance is provided by a consortium of carriers that includes: Sompo; Westfield; AIG; AXA XL and Nationwide. Transactions with Related Persons Michael Eager, the brother of William Eager, President, S P Global Mobility, was employed by us as the Chief Revenue Officer of automotiveMastermind in the year ended December 31, 2025. He received cash compensation of $646,596 for 2025 as well as equity compensation with an aggregate grant date fair value of $124,361. In connection with the appointment of William Eager as President, S P Global Mobility and CEO designate upon the planned separation of S P Global Mobility, the decision was made to transition Michael Eager s duties. In connection with such transition, Michael Eager received cash payments in 2026 totaling $500,000 in the aggregate related to, and contingent on, the successful transition of his duties. From time to time, shareholders that own more than five percent of our common stock subscribe to, license or otherwise purchase, in the normal course of business, certain of our products and services. These transactions are negotiated on an arm s-length basis and are subject to review by the Company s Nominating Committee as described below. During 2025, BlackRock, Inc. and The Vanguard Group, Inc. and/or their respective affiliates subscribed to, licensed or otherwise purchased in the normal course of business, certain of our products and services. Revenues recognized by us from subscriptions, licenses and other fees related to our products and services by BlackRock, Inc. and The Vanguard Group, Inc., and/or their respective affiliates, for fiscal 2025 were approximately $219.2 million and $101.2 million, respectively. The Company s Nominating Committee reviews and considers transactions with related persons under the Company s written policy that requires the Committee to review and approve any related person transactions. Under the policy, all related persons are required to promptly notify our Corporate Secretary of any proposed related person transaction. Following notice to our Corporate Secretary, the proposed transaction is then presented to the Nominating Committee for its review and consideration at the next Committee meeting. Any ongoing and previously approved related person transactions will be reviewed by the Committee on an annual basis. In reviewing any proposed (or previously approved and ongoing) related person transaction, the Committee must consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including, without limitation, the commercial reasonableness of the terms, the benefit and perceived benefit, or lack thereof, to the Company, opportunity costs of alternate transactions, the materiality and character of the related person s direct or indirect interest, and the actual or apparent conflict of interest of the related person. Approval of a related person transaction (or ratification of a previously approved and ongoing related person transaction) will be given only if it is determined by the Committee that such transaction is in (or not inconsistent with) the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 2. PROPOSAL TO APPROVE, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, THE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM FOR THE COMPANY S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Under SEC rules, the Company is required to provide its shareholders with the opportunity to cast an advisory vote on the executive compensation program for the Company s named executive officers. This proposal is frequently referred to as a Say-on-Pay vote, which is required under Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act. Shareholders voted, on an advisory basis, in favor of casting the advisory Say-on-Pay vote on an annual basis most recently at the 2023 Annual Meeting. The Company s executive compensation program is intended to attract, motivate and reward the executive talent required to achieve our corporate objectives and increase shareholder value. We believe that our executive compensation program is both competitive and strongly focused on pay-for-performance principles, and provides an appropriate balance between risk and rewards. Our executive compensation program: aligns compensation with shareholder value on an annual and long-term basis through a combination of base pay, annual cash incentives and long-term stock-based incentives; includes a mix of compensation elements that emphasizes performance results , with approximately 92% of CEO and 82% of our other NEOs 2025 total target annual compensation opportunity composed of variable, incentive-based at-risk pay, with a substantial portion contingent on meeting challenging, top-line and bottom-line short-term and long-term performance objectives; delivers annual incentive payouts based on the achievement of approved quantitative performance goals, which were based on 2025 non-GAAP ICP Adjusted EBITA Margin and non-GAAP ICP Adjusted Revenue enterprise-level Company goals and, as appropriate for our division leaders, division-level goals; aligns the interests of executives with those of shareholders through long-term stock-based incentives composed of Performance Share Units that are based on the achievement of non-GAAP ICP Adjusted EPS targets. The Performance Share Unit awards granted in 2025 vest at the end of a three-year award cycle, with payment ranging up to a maximum of 200% of the target award based on the attainment level of a three-year cumulative non-GAAP ICP Adjusted EPS goal; and has features designed to mitigate risks and further align executive compensation with shareholder interests, including stock ownership requirements, multiple pay recovery (clawback) policies, an anti-hedging and pledging policy and limited perquisites. Our executive compensation program is described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, related compensation tables and other narrative executive compensation disclosures required by the disclosure rules of the SEC, all of which are found in this Proxy Statement. In particular, the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, beginning on page 31 of this Proxy Statement, describes the Company s executive compensation program in detail, and we encourage you to review it. Since the vote on this proposal is advisory, it is not binding on the Company. Nonetheless, the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee, which is responsible for approving the overall design and administering certain aspects of the executive compensation program, will take into account the outcome of the vote when making future executive compensation decisions. The Board of Directors recommends that you approve the following resolution that will be submitted for a shareholder vote at the 2026 Annual Meeting in support of the Company s executive compensation program: RESOLVED: That the shareholders of the Company approve, on an advisory basis, the executive compensation program for the Company s named executive officers as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, related compensation tables and other narrative executive compensation disclosures included in the Proxy Statement for this Annual Meeting. Your Board of Directors recommends that you vote FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the executive compensation program for the Company s named executive officers. Unless you specify otherwise, the Board intends the accompanying proxy to be voted for this proposal. 30 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION MATTERS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of our Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee or the Committee ), comprised of independent Directors, oversees our compensation program for senior executives on behalf of our Board. This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) describes our named executive officer compensation program and the basis for the compensation paid to our named executive officers for 2025, as well as certain key compensation decisions that have been approved for our named executive officers for 2026. I. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY AND 2025 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 2025 Named Executive Officers 32 Compensation Philosophy 32 Financial Performance Highlights 33 Pay-for-Performance Overview 36 Say-on-Pay 36 Shareholder Outreach 37 Shareholder Feedback 37 History of Executive Compensation Program Changes 39 Overview of Key Best Practices 40 II. COMPENSATION FRAMEWORK Compensation Objectives 41 Pay Mix 41 Overview of Pay Elements 42 III. ASSESSING PERFORMANCE AND DETERMINING COMPENSATION Roles and Responsibilities 43 Setting Compensation 44 IV. CEO AND NEO COMPENSATION 2025 Financial Performance and NEO Compensation Decisions 47 CEO Variable Pay Decisions 49 Other NEO Variable Pay Decisions 50 Base Salaries 55 Short-Term Annual Incentive Plan 56 Long-Term Incentive Program 63 Benefits and Perquisites 67 V. RISK MANAGEMENT AND GOVERNANCE FEATURES Severance Benefits (Regular and Change-in-Control) 69 Stock Ownership Guidelines 70 Risk and Control 70 Pay Recovery (Clawback) Policies 70 Insider Trading Policies and Prohibition on Hedging and Pledging 71 Employment Agreements and O ther NEO Arrangements 71 Tax and Accounting Considerations 71 Compensation Committee Report 72 * Our CD A, found on pages 31 through 72 of this Proxy Statement, includes adjusted financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). For descriptions and reconciliations of the non-GAAP adjustments made to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, see Appendix A. The non-GAAP financial measures included in this Proxy Statement have been provided in order to show investors how our Compensation Committee views the Company's performance as it relates to the compensation program for our named executive officers. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued) I. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY AND 2025 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 2025 Named Executive Officers The named executive officers ( NEOs ) of the Company for 2025 who are current executive officers are as follows: Martina Cheung Eric Aboaf William Eager Saugata Saha Steven Kemps President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer* President, S P Global Mobility** President, S P Global Market Intelligence; Chief Enterprise Data Officer Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer * Mr. Aboaf joined the Company as EVP, Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) on February 19, 2025. ** Mr. Eager was promoted from CEO of CARFAX to President of S P Global Mobility, effective August 15, 2025. Upon the completion of the planned separation of the Mobility division, Mr. Eager will become the CEO of the stand-alone public company Mobility Global Inc. The following individuals were also NEOs for 2025; however, their role with the Company has changed, as described directly below. Christopher Craig Mr. Craig, our Corporate Controller, Chief Accounting Officer, served as our Interim Chief Financial Officer from February 12, 2024 until Mr. Aboaf joined the Company on February 19, 2025. Mr. Craig also assumed an expanded role during 2025 as part of a strategic organizational redesign of the Finance function. Daniel Draper Mr. Draper ceased serving as the Chief Executive Officer of S P Dow Jones Indices effective November 1, 2025, in advance of his upcoming departure from the Company in June, 2026. Catherine Clay was hired as the Chief Executive Officer of S P Dow Jones Indices effective November 1, 2025. For more information regarding Mr. Draper s termination of employment, see page 85 of this Proxy Statement. Compensation Philosophy Our people are the foundation of our business. Maintaining a performance-driven culture is intrinsically aligned to our enterprise mission of Advancing Essential Intelligence and is one of the key components of our compensation philosophy. Our compensation philosophy is focused on rewarding excellence in leadership, navigating the successful implementation and execution of our business strategy and building sustainable growth by linking a significant portion of executive pay to multiple performance metrics tied to short-term and long-term shareholder value creation. By connecting executive pay outcomes to drivers of sustained shareholder value, we implement our compensation practices with transparency and within the framework of pay-for-performance in a manner that we believe helps us attract and retain the highest-quality global executive talent at our leadership levels. Our compensation philosophy also emphasizes strong governance, risk management and alignment with evolving market best practices. 32 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued) Financial Performance Highlights Financial Performance During 2025, the Company achieved strong revenue growth across all divisions, and delivered meaningful margin expansion and diluted EPS growth. In addition, the Company gained momentum in strategic focus areas including private markets and energy expansion, as well as artificial intelligence through new product and feature launches and collaborations. Below are key achievements during the year that demonstrate the value we brought to our customers and our focus on long-term shareholder value creation. FISCAL YEAR 2025 COMPANY HIGHLIGHTS REVENUE NET INCOME GAAP DILUTED EPS GAAP DIVIDENDS SHARE BUYBACKS $15.336B UP 8% YoY $4.471B 1 UP 16% YoY $14.66 UP 19% YoY $6.2B 1 Reflects GAAP net income attributable to S P Global Inc. During 2025, the Company made substantial progress on its medium-term strategies. Performance during the year reflected strong execution, as well as benefits realized from the first full year of the Chief Client Office and the Enterprise Data Office. We returned $6.2 billion to shareholders, or 113% of adjusted free cash flow, which included the repurchase of over $5 billion in stock, while maintaining a steady record of more than 50 consecutive years of dividend increases. The Company also took steps to optimize our business portfolio with the acquisitions of With Intelligence, ORBCOMM AIS, TeraHelix and ARC Research, the divestment of OSTTRA and the initiation of the separation of our Mobility division into a stand-alone public company. These actions helped put us in a position to grow in markets where we can leverage our strengths across the entire enterprise. Incentive Compensation Program Financial Metrics Performance The Compensation Committee uses three key financial measures to assess executive officer performance: (1) non-GAAP Incentive Compensation Program ( ICP ) Adjusted Revenue ( non-GAAP ICP Adjusted Revenue ); (2) non-GAAP ICP Adjusted Earnings before Interest, Taxes and Amortization Margin ( non-GAAP ICP Adjusted EBITA Margin ); and (3) non-GAAP ICP Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share ( non-GAAP ICP Adjusted EPS ). (1) Key Executive Short-Term Incentive Compensation Plan ( STIC ). (2) For descriptions and reconciliations of the non-GAAP adjustments made to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, see Appendix A. (3) Year-over-year ( YOY ). 2026 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued) Total Shareholder Return In 2025, our total shareholder return was approximately 6%, which was slightly above the 5% return of our Form 10-K peer group, but below the 18% return of the S P 500. As indicated in the performance graph below, our cumulative total shareholder return over the previous five years was 7% higher than our Form 10-K peer group and 16% lower than the performance indicator of the S P 500. Returns assume $100 invested on December 31, 2020 and total return includes reinvestment of dividends through December 31, 2025. Reflects the peer group used in the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 11, 2026, consisting of: Moody s Corporation, CME Group Inc., MSCI Inc., FactSet Research Systems Inc., Verisk Analytics, Inc. and Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. Significant Business Milestones In 2025, we achieved meaningful progress advancing key initiatives in support of both our prior enterprise strategy to Power Global Markets and new strategy to Advance Essential Intelligence: Customer at the Core Elevated engagement with our customers through our Chief Client Office ( CCO ), enabling us to bring the full breadth and depth of our products and services Delivered increased customer value through investments in our user experience and strategic growth areas, including private markets and energy expansion, and enterprise capabilities, including AI Formed collaborations across the AI ecosystem, including with Anthropic, Google, IBM, and Microsoft, ensuring our customers can harness our data through their preferred platforms Fortified Ratings analytical capacity and domain expertise, enhancing our ability to address customer demand in another year of record issuance Launched Kensho Labs, a dedicated team of AI experts to collaborate with CCO customers to co-develop AI products Grow and Innovate Achieved double-digit revenue growth in our Private Market Solutions products. We also formed a strategic collaboration with Cambridge Associates and Mercer and acquired With Intelligence. Together with our existing private markets data and analytics, this combination will allow us to scale our private markets initiatives Expanded our offerings in Decentralized Finance with the S P 500 Index on-chain in collaboration with Centrifuge, the Stablecoin Stability Assessment on-chain in collaboration with Chainlink, and the S P Digital Markets 50 Index, a S P Dow Jones crypto index Achieved a number of competitive wins and secured several large multi-year contracts throughout the year, with the support of the Chief Client Office Began executing on our next phase of growth with our mission to Advance Essential Intelligence, which includes three key strategic priorities: Advance Market Leadership: Delivering market-leading value proposition through best-in-class products, including world-class benchmarks and highly differentiated data Expand High-Growth Adjacencies: Accelerating in high-growth adjacencies such as private markets, energy expansion, supply chain intelligence, wealth and decentralized finance, alongside leading-edge AI and technology, such as blockchain and quantum computing Amplify Enterprise Capabilities and AI: Enabling growth, innovation, and operating leverage through our integrated operating model that removes silos across enterprise data, enterprise technology, and client coverage teams 34 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued) Data and Technology Continued to strengthen our offerings through AI enhancements, including Automated Data Ingestion for iLEVEL, Capital IQ Pro Document Intelligence 2.0 and RatingsDirect CreditCompanion Amplified our enterprise capabilities with the deployment of our Enterprise Data Office ( EDO ), enabling a faster response to client demand for flexible delivery, data interoperability and AI-readiness, increasing productivity internally and facilitating standardization on best-in-class tools Enabled seamless access to trusted financial and market data across AI applications and customer environments through Kensho, leveraging novel solutions such as the Kensho LLM-ready API, Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers and data retrieval agents Launched the SPICE IndexBuilder , a service platform that significantly streamlines the design, testing and ordering of custom indices Lead and Inspire Accelerated AI enablement, digital literacy and upskilling efforts, including achieving 100% completion of our AI for Everyone training, hosting innovation hackathons with 10,000 employee participants and announcing Eightfold AI as our skills and talent intelligence platform Created a unified, one-stop access point for learning that simplifies discovery and embeds continuous learning at scale, with more than 300,000 course completions and 193,000 learning hours Expanded community impact with employee engagement increasing 18% year-over-year, with more than 10,800 volunteers contributing over 78,300 hours in support of more than 800 NGOs globally Launched StepForward, our signature philanthropic initiative focused on youth development and AI upskilling, supported by a $10 million commitment over three years from the Company and the S P Global Foundation Sustained strong employee engagement by continuing to embed our People Forward philosophy, focused on empowering our people and strengthening connection at scale Execute and Deliver In 2025, reported revenue increased 8% year over year. Net income attributable to the Company grew 16% and diluted earnings per share grew 19%, driven primarily by revenue and operating profit growth in the Company s Ratings, Indices and Market Intelligence divisions Strengthened our portfolio through strategic acquisitions and the divestiture of non-core businesses, allowing us to concentrate on areas with the highest growth potential. We also announced and progressed on our planned separation of our Mobility division into a standalone public company Completed the consolidation of the EDO, and drove meaningful organizational simplification and savings Returned $6.2 billion to our shareholders, or 113% of adjusted free cash flow, which included the repurchase of over $5 billion in stock, while maintaining a steady record of more than 50 consecutive years of dividend increases, demonstrating our strong cash flow generation capabilities and our commitment to increase shareholder value while maintaining a disciplined approach to capital allocation 2026 Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued) Pay-for-Performance Overview 2025 STIC Funding and 2023-2025 Long-Term Incentive Payout The Company delivered strong operational and financial performance in 2025. The Company achieved revenue growth across all divisions, as well as strong operating margin expansion and diluted EPS growth. As a result, enterprise level STIC funded at 108.68% of target for 2025 and the 2023 Long-Term Performance Share Unit ( PSU ) Award for the 2023-2025 performance period vested above the target performance level, resulting in a payout at 182.23% of target . CEO Target Compensation The graphic to the right shows Target Total Direct Compensation ( TDC ), which is equal to the aggregate of base salary, target annual incentive award opportunity and long-term incentive awards, assuming target performance, for our CEO, Ms. Cheung, in 2024 (in effect as of her appointment as CEO on November 1, 2024), 2025 and 2026. As discussed in further detail in the Setting Compensation section beginning on page 44 of this Proxy Statement, in consultation with the independent compensation consultant, the Compensation Committee, as part of an intentional multi-year move toward market competitive compensation levels, and considering Ms. Cheung s individual performance, determined to increase Ms. Cheung s target TDC by increasing her base salary, target annual incentive award opportunity and target long-term incentive amount for 2026 as compared to 2025. These compensation adjustments preserve an appropriately balanced pay mix by delivering a majority of such increases through performance-based, at risk compensation. For more information regarding these increases, see pages 55, 63 and 67 of this Proxy Statement. Say-on-Pay The Company values shareholder perspectives on our executive compensation program and is committed to maintaining an open and active dialogue with shareholders on executive compensation matters. Each year, shareholders cast an advisory Say-on-Pay vote on the executive compensation program for the Company s NEOs, and the Compensation Committee carefully considers the outcome of this vote as part of its annual review of the compensation program and executive pay decisions, alongside the feedback received from the Company s engagement efforts. We have a history of receiving strong Say-on-Pay results, achieving 93% to 99% shareholder support for our executive compensation program in the Say-on-Pay vote over the prior ten-year period, despite also navigating a series of transformative events over the same period. At the 2025 Annual Meeting, we received approximately 68.8% shareholder support for Say-on-Pay, which was meaningfully lower than the support we received in prior years, including the support of approximately 96% of the votes cast in the previous year. Our understanding from speaking with shareholders is that the lower 2025 results primarily related to a severance package for the former President of S P Global Market Intelligence, Adam Kansler, granted to protect key customer relationships and ensure leadership continuity during the 2024 CEO transition, described in more detail below . 36 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued) Shareholder Outreach In response to our 2025 Say-on-Pay results, we significantly expanded our shareholder outreach efforts this past year, doubling the number of top investors contacted in prior years, with particular attention to feedback on our compensation program and investor focus areas following the 2025 Say-on-Pay vote. As part of our expanded outreach program led by the Corporate Secretary, we conducted a multi-phased engagement process of investor outreach during the lead-up to our 2025 Annual Meeting, followed by expanded fall outreach in response to the 2025 Say-on-Pay vote. Shareholder feedback was shared with our Compensation Committee, Nominating Committee and the full Board for consideration, with the full Board receiving updates on key takeaways from our engagement discussions. The feedback from these discussions informed enhancements to both our disclosure and our approach to compensation decision-making going forward, as described below. Shareholder Feedback Consistent with our strong Say-on-Pay results in prior years, we continued to receive positive feedback for the overall design, structure and discipline of our executive compensation program. All investors with whom we spoke articulated general support for our executive compensation plans, noting strong pay-for-performance alignment over a sustained period, with reasonable pay outcomes, reflective of actual Company results. The feedback received during our engagements also reaffirmed that our low 2025 Say-on-Pay result stemmed primarily from Mr. Kansler s enhanced severance package, with much of our discussions focused on Mr. Kansler s severance terms. Many shareholders also expressed their general views with respect to one-time awards offered outside established plan structures. During these discussions, we stressed that Mr. Kansler s severance package did not reflect an ongoing component of our program and instead represented a singular compensation event closely tied to the 2024 leadership transition. We also communicated that the decision to offer the enhanced severance terms was not taken lightly by the Compensation Committee, which does not expect to utilize enhanced severance arrangements in the future and would only do so in extraordinary and compelling circumstances, with detailed disclosure around the rationale. Below is a summary of key takeaways and areas of shareholder focus during our conversations, as well as our specific responses and actions taken in response to shareholder feedback. Apart from Mr. Kansler s severance package, the feedback we received regarding executive compensation was favorable, and most shareholders did not feel the need to discuss other executive compensation issues in detail. 2026 Proxy Statement 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued) The Compensation Committee and the Board value direct shareholder feedback and view engagement as an important component of our governance and compensation oversight. We will continue to engage with shareholders throughout the year, monitor evolving investor expectations and proxy advisor policies and consider feedback as part of our ongoing efforts to ensure our executive compensation program remains aligned with long-term shareholder value creation and strong governance practices. 38 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued) History of Executive Compensation Program Changes The changes described below show key enhancements to our compensation programs that we have made over time, and which continue to be in effect. We believe that these improvements demonstrate our responsiveness to and alignment with our shareholders and exhibit our commitment to incorporating best practices, pay-for-performance, and evolving with market conditions. For further information on the 2026 program modifications, see pages 61 through 63 and 67 of this Proxy Statement. 2026 Proxy Statement 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued) Overview of Key Best Practices: What We Do and Don t Do The Compensation Committee regularly reviews best practices in executive compensation and governance and has revised our policies and practices over time to maintain alignment with such standards. Today these practices include: What We Do in Alignment with Shareholder Interests and Sound Governance COMPENSATION PRACTICE COMPANY POLICY MORE DETAIL Pay-for- Performance Shareholder Alignment Approximately 92% of CEO and 82% of our other NEOs 2025 total target annual compensation opportunity is variable, incentive-based at-risk pay, with a substantial portion contingent on meeting challenging, top-line and bottom-line short-term and long-term performance objectives. We also include maximum caps on individual payouts under our short- and long-term incentive plans at 200% of target. Long-term incentive compensation opportunities for NEOs are equity-based (other than a portion of Mr. Draper s long-term incentive award granted as long-term performance-based cash) and tied to business plan performance metrics. Pgs. 41-42 Robust Stock Ownership Guidelines We have meaningful stock ownership guidelines for our Directors and executive officers. The executive guidelines require 100% retention until the guidelines are met. Pg. 70 Annual Shareholder Say-on-Pay We value our shareholders input and seek an annual non-binding advisory vote from shareholders on our executive compensation program for our NEOs. Pg. 36 Shareholder Outreach and Feedback Our outreach program gives institutional shareholders the opportunity to provide ongoing input on our programs and policies. We carefully review Say-on-Pay results and all shareholder feedback when structuring executive compensation. Pgs. 10-11 37-38 Pay Recovery (Clawback) Policies Our pay recovery policies give us the right to cancel and recoup both time-based and performance-based cash incentive and long-term incentive award payments received by covered active and former employees under various circumstances, including misconduct and financial restatements. Pgs. 70-71 Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policy Our