=== SPGI_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. RISK FACTORS SUMMARY Our business is subject to risks and uncertainties that, if realized, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, which are discussed more fully in Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: Our size, scale and role in the global markets increases our exposure to cyber attacks and other cyber-security risks. Our inability to innovate and compete with new or enhanced products and services of our competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our inability to successfully develop, adapt, or implement new and improved processes and technology could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Increased availability of free or relatively inexpensive information sources may materially reduce demand for our products and services. AI presents new and evolving risks, and our approach to AI may not be successful. Our use of open source software could result in litigation or impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and services. Our inability to adequately obtain, protect and maintain our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could impact our competitive position. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly to defend and could harm our business and operating results. We rely heavily on network systems and the Internet and any failures or disruptions may adversely affect our ability to serve our customers. Our operations and infrastructure may malfunction or fail. Exposure to litigation and government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Changes and increased enforcement in the global privacy, data localization, operational resilience and data protection legislative, regulatory, and commercial environments in which we operate may materially and adversely impact our ability to collect, compile, use, and publish data, require us to disclose information about our security environment. Future legislation, regulatory reform or policy changes, especially abrupt changes, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Increasing regulation of our Ratings business in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere can increase our costs of doing business. Our Indices and Energy businesses are subject to a global evolving regulatory landscape, which has and may continue to cause increased operating obligations, exposure, compliance risk and costs of doing business. Our international business activities must comport with international trade restraints, including economic sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. We may become subject to liability or face reputational harm due to our offerings. Changes in the volume of securities issued and traded in domestic and/or global capital markets, asset levels and flows into investment products, high interest rates, changes in interest rates and volatility in the financial markets, and volatility in the energy and commodity markets impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 5 Table of Contents Inability to attract, retain or train key qualified personnel or to navigate key management transitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The planned separation of our Mobility business into an independent, publicly traded company is contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions, may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline, or at all, and may not achieve the intended benefits. Our acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions may not produce anticipated results. The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive, and our inability to successfully compete could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. A significant increase in operating costs and expenses could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Consolidation of customers, reduced staffing levels of customers or reduced spending by customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on the products and services of other suppliers, including certain data, software and service suppliers, for many aspects of our business. Our inability to successfully recover should we, our third-party service providers or our clients experience a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships or legal liability. Our reputation, credibility, and brand are key assets and competitive advantages of our Company and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if we are negatively perceived in the marketplace. We are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. Outsourcing certain aspects of our business could result in material financial loss, increased costs, regulatory actions and penalties, reputational harm, unauthorized access to our systems, system or network disruption, or improper disclosure of confidential information. Sustainability and energy expansion matters pose operational, commercial and regulatory risks. Our expansion into and investments in new and growing markets may not be successful, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our indebtedness, or a downgrade to our credit ratings, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 6 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview S P Global Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, S P Global, the Company, the Registrant, we, us or our ) is a global, diversified, and highly differentiated provider of benchmarks, data, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, energy and commodity, and automotive markets. The capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, trading firms and issuers; the energy and commodity markets include producers, consumers, traders and intermediaries within energy, chemicals, shipping, metals, carbon and agriculture; and the automotive markets include manufacturers, suppliers, dealerships, service shops and customers. We serve our global customers through a broad range of products and services available through both third-party and proprietary distribution channels. We were incorporated in December of 1925 under the laws of the state of New York. Our Businesses Our operations consist of five businesses: S P Global Market Intelligence ( Market Intelligence ), S P Global Ratings ( Ratings ), S P Global Energy ( Energy ), S P Global Mobility ( Mobility ) and S P Dow Jones Indices ( Indices ). As of May 2, 2023, we completed the sale of S P Global Engineering Solutions ( Engineering Solutions ), a provider of engineering standards and related technical knowledge, and the results are included through that date. For a discussion on the competitive conditions and regulatory environment associated with our businesses, see MD A Segment Review contained in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. On April 29, 2025, we announced that our Board of Directors decided to pursue a full separation of our Mobility segment, creating a new publicly traded company. The transaction, which would be implemented through the spin-off of shares of the new company to S P Global shareholders, is expected to be tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes for S P Global shareholders and is expected to be completed mid-2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary legal and regulatory requirements and approvals. Market Intelligence Market Intelligence is a global provider of multi-asset-class data and analytics integrated with purpose-built workflow solutions. Market Intelligence s portfolio of capabilities are designed to help trading and investment professionals, government agencies, corporations and universities track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, understand competitive and industry dynamics, perform valuations and manage credit risk. Key customers served by Market Intelligence include investment managers, investment banks, private equity firms, insurance companies, commercial banks, corporations, professional services firms, government agencies and regulators. Market Intelligence includes the following business lines: Data, Analytics Insights a desktop product suite that provides data, analytics and third-party research for global finance and corporate professionals, which includes the Capital IQ platforms (which are inclusive of S P Capital IQ Pro, Capital IQ, Office and Mobile products) and a broad range of research, reference data, market data, derived analytics and valuation services covering both the public and private capital markets, delivered through flexible feed-based or API delivery mechanisms. This also includes issuer solutions for public companies, a range of products for the maritime trade market, data and insight into Financial Institutions, the telecoms, technology and media space as well as energy transition and sustainability and supply chain data analytics; Enterprise Solutions software and workflow solutions that help our customers manage and analyze data; identify risk; reduce costs; and meet global regulatory requirements. The portfolio includes industry leading financial technology solutions like Wall Street Office, Enterprise Data Manager, Information Mosaic, and iLevel. Our Global Markets Group offering delivers bookbuilding platforms across multiple assets including municipal bonds, equities and fixed income; and Credit Risk Solutions commercial arm that sells Ratings credit ratings and related data and research, advanced analytics, and financial risk solutions which includes subscription-based offerings, RatingsXpress , RatingsDirect and Credit Analytics. 7 Table of Contents Subscription revenue at Market Intelligence is primarily derived from distribution of data, valuation services, analytics, third party research, and credit ratings-related information through both feed and web-based channels. Subscription revenue also includes software and hosted product offerings which provide maintenance and continuous access to our platforms over the contract term. Recurring variable revenue at Market Intelligence represents revenue from contracts for services that specify a fee based on, among other factors, the number of trades processed, assets under management, or the number of positions valued. Non-subscription revenue at Market Intelligence is primarily related to certain advisory, pricing conferences and events, and analytical services. Ratings Ratings is an independent provider of credit ratings, research, and analytics. Credit ratings are forward-looking opinions about an issuer s relative creditworthiness. They are one of several tools investors can use when making decisions about purchasing bonds and other fixed income investments. Our ratings express our opinion about the ability and willingness of an issuer, such as a corporation or state or city government, to meet its financial obligations in full and on time. Our credit ratings can also relate to the credit quality of an individual debt issue, such as a corporate or municipal bond, and the relative likelihood that the issue may default. With offices in over 25 countries around the world, Ratings is an important part of the world s financial infrastructure and has played a leading role for over 150 years in providing investors with information and independent benchmarks for their investment and financial decisions as well as access to the capital markets. The key constituents Ratings serves are investors, corporations, governments, municipalities, commercial and investment banks, insurance companies, asset managers, and other debt issuers. As the capital markets continue to evolve, Ratings is well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities, driven by continuing regulatory changes, through its global network, well-established position in corporate markets and strong investor reputation. Ratings disaggregates its revenue between transaction and non-transaction. Transaction revenue primarily includes fees associated with: ratings related to new issuance of corporate and government debt instruments, as well as structured finance debt instruments; and bank loan ratings. Non-transaction revenue primarily includes fees for surveillance of a credit rating, annual fees for customer relationship-based pricing programs, fees for entity credit ratings and global research and analytics at Crisil. Energy Energy is a leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the energy and commodity markets. Energy provides essential price data, analytics, industry insights and software services, enabling the energy and commodity markets to perform with greater transparency and efficiency. The energy and commodity markets include producers, consumers, traders and intermediaries within energy, chemicals, shipping, metals, carbon and agriculture. Energy includes the following business lines: Energy Resources Data Insights includes data, news, insights, and analytics for petroleum, gas, power renewables, petrochemicals, metals steel, agriculture, and other commodities; Price Assessments includes price assessments and benchmarks, and forward curves; Upstream Data Insights includes exploration production data and insights, software and analytics; and Advisory Transactional Services includes consulting services, conferences, events and global trading services. Energy s revenue is generated primarily through the following sources: Subscription revenue primarily from subscriptions to our market data and market insights (price assessments, market reports and commentary and analytics) along with other information products and software term licenses; 8 Table of Contents Sales usage-based royalties primarily from licensing our proprietary market price data and price assessments to commodity exchanges; and Non-subscription revenue conference sponsorship, consulting engagements, events, and perpetual software licenses. Mobility Mobility is a leading provider of solutions serving the full automotive value chain including vehicle manufacturers (Original Equipment Manufacturers or OEMs), automotive suppliers, mobility service providers, retailers, consumers, and finance and insurance companies. Mobility includes the following business lines: Dealer includes analytics to predict future buyers, targeted marketing, and vehicle history data to allow people to shop, buy, service and sell used cars; Manufacturing includes insights, forecasts and advisory services spanning the entire automotive value chain, from product planning to marketing, sales and the aftermarket; and Financial includes reports and data feeds to support lenders and insurance companies . Mobility s revenue is generated primarily through the following sources: Subscription revenue Mobility s core information products provide critical information and insights to all global OEMs, most of the world s leading suppliers, and the majority of the top North American dealerships. Mobility operates across both the new and used car markets. Mobility provides data and insight on future vehicles sales and production, including detailed forecasts on technology and vehicle components; supplies car makers and dealers with market reporting products, predictive analytics and marketing automation software; and supports dealers with vehicle history reports, used car listings and service retention services. Mobility also sells a range of services to financial institutions, to support their marketing, insurance underwriting and claims management activities; and Non-subscription revenue Transactional sales of data that are non-cyclical in nature and that are usually tied to underlying business metrics such as OEM marketing spend or safety recall activity as well as consulting and advisory services. Indices Indices is a global index provider maintaining a wide variety of valuation and index benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers and institutional investors. Indices mission is to provide transparent benchmarks to help with decision making, collaborate with the financial community to create innovative products, and provide investors with tools to monitor world markets. Indices derives revenue from asset-linked fees when investors direct funds into its proprietary designed or owned indexes, sales-usage based royalties of its indices, as well as data subscription arrangements. Specifically, Indices generates revenue from the following sources: Investment vehicles asset-linked fees such as ETFs and mutual funds, that are based on the S P Dow Jones Indices benchmarks that generate revenue through fees based on assets and underlying funds; Exchange traded derivatives generate sales usage-based royalties based on trading volumes of derivatives contracts listed on various exchanges; Index-related licensing fees fixed or variable annual and per-issue asset-linked fees for over-the-counter derivatives and retail-structured products; and Data and customized index subscription fees fees from supporting index fund management, portfolio analytics and research. 9 Table of Contents Segment and Geographic Data The relative contribution of our reportable segments to operating revenue, expenses, operating profit, long-lived assets and geographic area for the three years ended December 31, 2025 are included in Note 12 Segment and Geographic Information to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 44,500 permanent employees located worldwide, including around 26,200 in Asia, 11,050 in the U.S. and Canada, 6,200 in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, and 1,050 in Latin America. The health, safety and well-being of our people working around the globe is a corporate priority, and our facilities worldwide follow internally and externally audited occupational health and safety policies. Board Oversight Management Implementation of Human Capital Strategy Our Board of Directors and Company management view effective human capital management as critical to the Company s ability to execute its strategy. As a result, the Board of Directors and the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee oversee and regularly engage with our CEO, Chief People Officer, and other members of senior leadership on a broad range of people topics, including talent attraction, development and leadership succession planning; compensation and benefits; workplace culture, health, safety and well-being; and employee engagement and retention. At the management level, our Chief People Officer is responsible for leading the development and execution of the Company s human capital management strategy, also referred to as our People strategy, working together with other senior leaders across the Company. Competitive Compensation Programs Offering market competitive and performance-driven compensation is key to our recruitment, talent management and retention strategies. As a result, management regularly assesses employee feedback, competitor research, and market data to ensure our programs remain competitive. Our compensation program consists of a mix of: Annual salary where base pay is determined by role, scope, external market rate and internal parity relative to geographic location. Recognizes level of proficiency and skill exhibited as compared to role requirements. Annual bonus structured as a cash reward, which serves as our main pay-for-performance vehicle through annual programs. Recognizes achievement against individual, team, and group performance. Equity awards for our strategic leaders, granted to retain key talent and incentivize individual achievements and broader organizational goals. Recognizes contributions that positively influence strategic growth, operational alignment, and product innovation. 10 Table of Contents We also focus on the well-being of our people by offering competitive health and retirement benefits globally, as well as a variety of well-being programs. Retention and Engagement In order to attract and retain the high-quality talent needed to execute our long-term strategy, we foster a performance-driven workplace culture that promotes employee engagement, satisfaction and professional development. We invite employee feedback through a variety of channels for open communication and engagement, including small group employee round-table discussions with our business leaders and members of our Board of Directors and employee engagement surveys. We also invest in our employees professional development by providing a wide array of global training and learning programs to help employees expand their knowledge, skills and experience, including technology training, career coaching and leadership development programs. Available Information S P Global s investor relations website provides access to Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Proxy Statements, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, earnings releases and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. For online access, go to http://investor.spglobal.com. Requests for printed copies, free of charge, can be e-mailed to investor.relations@spglobal.com or mailed to Investor Relations, S P Global Inc., 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041-0001. Interested parties can also call Investor Relations toll-free at 866-436-8502 (domestic callers) or 212-438-2192 (international callers). The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). In addition, these filing are available to the public on the Commission s website through their EDGAR filing system at www.sec.gov. Item 1A. Risk Factors The following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. These risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or which we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. We are a global, diversified, and highly differentiated provider of benchmarks, data, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, energy and commodity, and automotive markets. The capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, trading firms and issuers; the energy and commodity markets include producers, consumers, traders and intermediaries within energy, chemicals, shipping, metals, carbon and agriculture; and the automotive markets include manufacturers, suppliers, dealerships, service shops and customers. Certain risk factors are applicable to certain of our individual segments while other risk factors are applicable Company-wide. Cybersecurity, Technology and Innovation Risks Our size, scale and role in the global markets increases our exposure to cyber attacks and other cyber-security risks. Our information systems and networks and those of our third-party service providers are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information, including material non-public information, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information by our information systems and networks and those of our third-party service providers, including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners. Cyber threats continue to evolve and are increasingly difficult to detect and successfully defend against. As a result, cyber threats have in the past and may in the future defeat the measures that we or our third-party service providers take to anticipate, detect, avoid, or mitigate such threats. Our businesses often have access to material non-public information concerning the Company s customers, including sovereigns, public and private companies, and other third parties around the world, the unauthorized disclosure of which could affect the trading markets for such customers securities and could damage such customers competitive positions. Some of our own products and services also include material non-public information that could affect trading markets. Unauthorized disclosure of this information as a result of cyber attacks and other unauthorized occurrences on our information systems and networks could cause our customers to lose faith in our ability to protect confidential information and therefore cause customers to cease doing business with us. The cyber threats we and our third-party service providers (including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners) face are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly sophisticated and include denial of service attacks, ransomware, spyware, misinformation, phishing/smishing/vishing attacks, business compromise attacks, 11 Table of Contents typosquatting, automated attacks, employee errors, negligence or malfeasance, the use of malicious codes or worms, payment fraud, and other unauthorized occurrences on, or conducted through, our or our third-party service providers (including our vendors , data partners and distribution partners ) information systems and networks, originating from a wide variety of sources, including criminals, terrorists, state-sponsored actors, financially motivated actors, internal actors, and external service providers. The cyber risks the Company faces range from cyber attacks common to most industries, to more sophisticated and targeted attacks, including attacks carried out by state-sponsored actors, intended to obtain unauthorized access to certain information or information systems or networks due in part to our prominence in the global marketplace, such as our ratings on debt issued by sovereigns and corporate issuers, our impending methodology changes in our benchmarks businesses, or the composition of our indices. Our third-party service providers, including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners, are also the subject of a variety of cyber attacks, including attacks carried out by state-sponsored actors. We and our third-party service providers, including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners, experience cyber attacks, data breaches and other cyber threats of varying degrees on a regular basis. The volume of such attacks, breaches and threats has increased over the years and we expect that volume to continue to increase. Breaches of our or our third-party service providers (including our vendors , data partners and distribution partners ) information systems and networks may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or such third-party s websites, applications or data processing, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information regarding us, our business or our customers. Although we have not experienced a cyber attack or data breach that has had a material adverse effect on us to date, we may experience such an event in the future. In the ordinary course of business, we are exposed to vulnerabilities in widely deployed third-party software. While such vulnerabilities have not resulted in a material adverse effect on the Company to date, they require us to devote time and resources to remediation on a regular basis. Notwithstanding our efforts, we may suffer a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations resulting from such vulnerabilities in the future. Misappropriation, improper modification, destruction, corruption or unavailability of our data and information, including personal data, due to cyber incidents, attacks or other security breaches, or the perception of such an occurrence, could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions or other statutory penalties, or lead to loss of customer confidence in our security measures and reliability. While such incidents have not had a material impact on the Company to date, future incidents could materially harm our ability to retain customers and gain new ones, result in financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us, and lead to increased expenses related to addressing or mitigating the risks associated with any such incidents. We may be required to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of any errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service and we may have insufficient recourse against our third-party service providers, including ou