=== SPGI_2026-02-11.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. RISK FACTORS SUMMARY Our business is subject to risks and uncertainties that, if realized, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, which are discussed more fully in Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: Our size, scale and role in the global markets increases our exposure to cyber attacks and other cyber-security risks. Our inability to innovate and compete with new or enhanced products and services of our competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our inability to successfully develop, adapt, or implement new and improved processes and technology could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Increased availability of free or relatively inexpensive information sources may materially reduce demand for our products and services. AI presents new and evolving risks, and our approach to AI may not be successful. Our use of open source software could result in litigation or impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and services. Our inability to adequately obtain, protect and maintain our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could impact our competitive position. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly to defend and could harm our business and operating results. We rely heavily on network systems and the Internet and any failures or disruptions may adversely affect our ability to serve our customers. Our operations and infrastructure may malfunction or fail. Exposure to litigation and government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Changes and increased enforcement in the global privacy, data localization, operational resilience and data protection legislative, regulatory, and commercial environments in which we operate may materially and adversely impact our ability to collect, compile, use, and publish data, require us to disclose information about our security environment. Future legislation, regulatory reform or policy changes, especially abrupt changes, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Increasing regulation of our Ratings business in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere can increase our costs of doing business. Our Indices and Energy businesses are subject to a global evolving regulatory landscape, which has and may continue to cause increased operating obligations, exposure, compliance risk and costs of doing business. Our international business activities must comport with international trade restraints, including economic sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. We may become subject to liability or face reputational harm due to our offerings. Changes in the volume of securities issued and traded in domestic and/or global capital markets, asset levels and flows into investment products, high interest rates, changes in interest rates and volatility in the financial markets, and volatility in the energy and commodity markets impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 5 Table of Contents Inability to attract, retain or train key qualified personnel or to navigate key management transitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The planned separation of our Mobility business into an independent, publicly traded company is contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions, may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline, or at all, and may not achieve the intended benefits. Our acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions may not produce anticipated results. The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive, and our inability to successfully compete could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. A significant increase in operating costs and expenses could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Consolidation of customers, reduced staffing levels of customers or reduced spending by customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on the products and services of other suppliers, including certain data, software and service suppliers, for many aspects of our business. Our inability to successfully recover should we, our third-party service providers or our clients experience a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships or legal liability. Our reputation, credibility, and brand are key assets and competitive advantages of our Company and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if we are negatively perceived in the marketplace. We are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. Outsourcing certain aspects of our business could result in material financial loss, increased costs, regulatory actions and penalties, reputational harm, unauthorized access to our systems, system or network disruption, or improper disclosure of confidential information. Sustainability and energy expansion matters pose operational, commercial and regulatory risks. Our expansion into and investments in new and growing markets may not be successful, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our indebtedness, or a downgrade to our credit ratings, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 6 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview S P Global Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, S P Global, the Company, the Registrant, we, us or our ) is a global, diversified, and highly differentiated provider of benchmarks, data, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, energy and commodity, and automotive markets. The capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, trading firms and issuers; the energy and commodity markets include producers, consumers, traders and intermediaries within energy, chemicals, shipping, metals, carbon and agriculture; and the automotive markets include manufacturers, suppliers, dealerships, service shops and customers. We serve our global customers through a broad range of products and services available through both third-party and proprietary distribution channels. We were incorporated in December of 1925 under the laws of the state of New York. Our Businesses Our operations consist of five businesses: S P Global Market Intelligence ( Market Intelligence ), S P Global Ratings ( Ratings ), S P Global Energy ( Energy ), S P Global Mobility ( Mobility ) and S P Dow Jones Indices ( Indices ). As of May 2, 2023, we completed the sale of S P Global Engineering Solutions ( Engineering Solutions ), a provider of engineering standards and related technical knowledge, and the results are included through that date. For a discussion on the competitive conditions and regulatory environment associated with our businesses, see MD A Segment Review contained in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. On April 29, 2025, we announced that our Board of Directors decided to pursue a full separation of our Mobility segment, creating a new publicly traded company. The transaction, which would be implemented through the spin-off of shares of the new company to S P Global shareholders, is expected to be tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes for S P Global shareholders and is expected to be completed mid-2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary legal and regulatory requirements and approvals. Market Intelligence Market Intelligence is a global provider of multi-asset-class data and analytics integrated with purpose-built workflow solutions. Market Intelligence s portfolio of capabilities are designed to help trading and investment professionals, government agencies, corporations and universities track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, understand competitive and industry dynamics, perform valuations and manage credit risk. Key customers served by Market Intelligence include investment managers, investment banks, private equity firms, insurance companies, commercial banks, corporations, professional services firms, government agencies and regulators. Market Intelligence includes the following business lines: Data, Analytics Insights a desktop product suite that provides data, analytics and third-party research for global finance and corporate professionals, which includes the Capital IQ platforms (which are inclusive of S P Capital IQ Pro, Capital IQ, Office and Mobile products) and a broad range of research, reference data, market data, derived analytics and valuation services covering both the public and private capital markets, delivered through flexible feed-based or API delivery mechanisms. This also includes issuer solutions for public companies, a range of products for the maritime trade market, data and insight into Financial Institutions, the telecoms, technology and media space as well as energy transition and sustainability and supply chain data analytics; Enterprise Solutions software and workflow solutions that help our customers manage and analyze data; identify risk; reduce costs; and meet global regulatory requirements. The portfolio includes industry leading financial technology solutions like Wall Street Office, Enterprise Data Manager, Information Mosaic, and iLevel. Our Global Markets Group offering delivers bookbuilding platforms across multiple assets including municipal bonds, equities and fixed income; and Credit Risk Solutions commercial arm that sells Ratings credit ratings and related data and research, advanced analytics, and financial risk solutions which includes subscription-based offerings, RatingsXpress , RatingsDirect and Credit Analytics. 7 Table of Contents Subscription revenue at Market Intelligence is primarily derived from distribution of data, valuation services, analytics, third party research, and credit ratings-related information through both feed and web-based channels. Subscription revenue also includes software and hosted product offerings which provide maintenance and continuous access to our platforms over the contract term. Recurring variable revenue at Market Intelligence represents revenue from contracts for services that specify a fee based on, among other factors, the number of trades processed, assets under management, or the number of positions valued. Non-subscription revenue at Market Intelligence is primarily related to certain advisory, pricing conferences and events, and analytical services. Ratings Ratings is an independent provider of credit ratings, research, and analytics. Credit ratings are forward-looking opinions about an issuer s relative creditworthiness. They are one of several tools investors can use when making decisions about purchasing bonds and other fixed income investments. Our ratings express our opinion about the ability and willingness of an issuer, such as a corporation or state or city government, to meet its financial obligations in full and on time. Our credit ratings can also relate to the credit quality of an individual debt issue, such as a corporate or municipal bond, and the relative likelihood that the issue may default. With offices in over 25 countries around the world, Ratings is an important part of the world s financial infrastructure and has played a leading role for over 150 years in providing investors with information and independent benchmarks for their investment and financial decisions as well as access to the capital markets. The key constituents Ratings serves are investors, corporations, governments, municipalities, commercial and investment banks, insurance companies, asset managers, and other debt issuers. As the capital markets continue to evolve, Ratings is well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities, driven by continuing regulatory changes, through its global network, well-established position in corporate markets and strong investor reputation. Ratings disaggregates its revenue between transaction and non-transaction. Transaction revenue primarily includes fees associated with: ratings related to new issuance of corporate and government debt instruments, as well as structured finance debt instruments; and bank loan ratings. Non-transaction revenue primarily includes fees for surveillance of a credit rating, annual fees for customer relationship-based pricing programs, fees for entity credit ratings and global research and analytics at Crisil. Energy Energy is a leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the energy and commodity markets. Energy provides essential price data, analytics, industry insights and software services, enabling the energy and commodity markets to perform with greater transparency and efficiency. The energy and commodity markets include producers, consumers, traders and intermediaries within energy, chemicals, shipping, metals, carbon and agriculture. Energy includes the following business lines: Energy Resources Data Insights includes data, news, insights, and analytics for petroleum, gas, power renewables, petrochemicals, metals steel, agriculture, and other commodities; Price Assessments includes price assessments and benchmarks, and forward curves; Upstream Data Insights includes exploration production data and insights, software and analytics; and Advisory Transactional Services includes consulting services, conferences, events and global trading services. Energy s revenue is generated primarily through the following sources: Subscription revenue primarily from subscriptions to our market data and market insights (price assessments, market reports and commentary and analytics) along with other information products and software term licenses; 8 Table of Contents Sales usage-based royalties primarily from licensing our proprietary market price data and price assessments to commodity exchanges; and Non-subscription revenue conference sponsorship, consulting engagements, events, and perpetual software licenses. Mobility Mobility is a leading provider of solutions serving the full automotive value chain including vehicle manufacturers (Original Equipment Manufacturers or OEMs), automotive suppliers, mobility service providers, retailers, consumers, and finance and insurance companies. Mobility includes the following business lines: Dealer includes analytics to predict future buyers, targeted marketing, and vehicle history data to allow people to shop, buy, service and sell used cars; Manufacturing includes insights, forecasts and advisory services spanning the entire automotive value chain, from product planning to marketing, sales and the aftermarket; and Financial includes reports and data feeds to support lenders and insurance companies . Mobility s revenue is generated primarily through the following sources: Subscription revenue Mobility s core information products provide critical information and insights to all global OEMs, most of the world s leading suppliers, and the majority of the top North American dealerships. Mobility operates across both the new and used car markets. Mobility provides data and insight on future vehicles sales and production, including detailed forecasts on technology and vehicle components; supplies car makers and dealers with market reporting products, predictive analytics and marketing automation software; and supports dealers with vehicle history reports, used car listings and service retention services. Mobility also sells a range of services to financial institutions, to support their marketing, insurance underwriting and claims management activities; and Non-subscription revenue Transactional sales of data that are non-cyclical in nature and that are usually tied to underlying business metrics such as OEM marketing spend or safety recall activity as well as consulting and advisory services. Indices Indices is a global index provider maintaining a wide variety of valuation and index benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers and institutional investors. Indices mission is to provide transparent benchmarks to help with decision making, collaborate with the financial community to create innovative products, and provide investors with tools to monitor world markets. Indices derives revenue from asset-linked fees when investors direct funds into its proprietary designed or owned indexes, sales-usage based royalties of its indices, as well as data subscription arrangements. Specifically, Indices generates revenue from the following sources: Investment vehicles asset-linked fees such as ETFs and mutual funds, that are based on the S P Dow Jones Indices benchmarks that generate revenue through fees based on assets and underlying funds; Exchange traded derivatives generate sales usage-based royalties based on trading volumes of derivatives contracts listed on various exchanges; Index-related licensing fees fixed or variable annual and per-issue asset-linked fees for over-the-counter derivatives and retail-structured products; and Data and customized index subscription fees fees from supporting index fund management, portfolio analytics and research. 9 Table of Contents Segment and Geographic Data The relative contribution of our reportable segments to operating revenue, expenses, operating profit, long-lived assets and geographic area for the three years ended December 31, 2025 are included in Note 12 Segment and Geographic Information to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 44,500 permanent employees located worldwide, including around 26,200 in Asia, 11,050 in the U.S. and Canada, 6,200 in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, and 1,050 in Latin America. The health, safety and well-being of our people working around the globe is a corporate priority, and our facilities worldwide follow internally and externally audited occupational health and safety policies. Board Oversight Management Implementation of Human Capital Strategy Our Board of Directors and Company management view effective human capital management as critical to the Company s ability to execute its strategy. As a result, the Board of Directors and the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee oversee and regularly engage with our CEO, Chief People Officer, and other members of senior leadership on a broad range of people topics, including talent attraction, development and leadership succession planning; compensation and benefits; workplace culture, health, safety and well-being; and employee engagement and retention. At the management level, our Chief People Officer is responsible for leading the development and execution of the Company s human capital management strategy, also referred to as our People strategy, working together with other senior leaders across the Company. Competitive Compensation Programs Offering market competitive and performance-driven compensation is key to our recruitment, talent management and retention strategies. As a result, management regularly assesses employee feedback, competitor research, and market data to ensure our programs remain competitive. Our compensation program consists of a mix of: Annual salary where base pay is determined by role, scope, external market rate and internal parity relative to geographic location. Recognizes level of proficiency and skill exhibited as compared to role requirements. Annual bonus structured as a cash reward, which serves as our main pay-for-performance vehicle through annual programs. Recognizes achievement against individual, team, and group performance. Equity awards for our strategic leaders, granted to retain key talent and incentivize individual achievements and broader organizational goals. Recognizes contributions that positively influence strategic growth, operational alignment, and product innovation. 10 Table of Contents We also focus on the well-being of our people by offering competitive health and retirement benefits globally, as well as a variety of well-being programs. Retention and Engagement In order to attract and retain the high-quality talent needed to execute our long-term strategy, we foster a performance-driven workplace culture that promotes employee engagement, satisfaction and professional development. We invite employee feedback through a variety of channels for open communication and engagement, including small group employee round-table discussions with our business leaders and members of our Board of Directors and employee engagement surveys. We also invest in our employees professional development by providing a wide array of global training and learning programs to help employees expand their knowledge, skills and experience, including technology training, career coaching and leadership development programs. Available Information S P Global s investor relations website provides access to Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Proxy Statements, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, earnings releases and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. For online access, go to http://investor.spglobal.com. Requests for printed copies, free of charge, can be e-mailed to investor.relations@spglobal.com or mailed to Investor Relations, S P Global Inc., 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041-0001. Interested parties can also call Investor Relations toll-free at 866-436-8502 (domestic callers) or 212-438-2192 (international callers). The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). In addition, these filing are available to the public on the Commission s website through their EDGAR filing system at www.sec.gov. Item 1A. Risk Factors The following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. These risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or which we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. We are a global, diversified, and highly differentiated provider of benchmarks, data, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, energy and commodity, and automotive markets. The capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, insurance companies, exchanges, trading firms and issuers; the energy and commodity markets include producers, consumers, traders and intermediaries within energy, chemicals, shipping, metals, carbon and agriculture; and the automotive markets include manufacturers, suppliers, dealerships, service shops and customers. Certain risk factors are applicable to certain of our individual segments while other risk factors are applicable Company-wide. Cybersecurity, Technology and Innovation Risks Our size, scale and role in the global markets increases our exposure to cyber attacks and other cyber-security risks. Our information systems and networks and those of our third-party service providers are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information, including material non-public information, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information by our information systems and networks and those of our third-party service providers, including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners. Cyber threats continue to evolve and are increasingly difficult to detect and successfully defend against. As a result, cyber threats have in the past and may in the future defeat the measures that we or our third-party service providers take to anticipate, detect, avoid, or mitigate such threats. Our businesses often have access to material non-public information concerning the Company s customers, including sovereigns, public and private companies, and other third parties around the world, the unauthorized disclosure of which could affect the trading markets for such customers securities and could damage such customers competitive positions. Some of our own products and services also include material non-public information that could affect trading markets. Unauthorized disclosure of this information as a result of cyber attacks and other unauthorized occurrences on our information systems and networks could cause our customers to lose faith in our ability to protect confidential information and therefore cause customers to cease doing business with us. The cyber threats we and our third-party service providers (including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners) face are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly sophisticated and include denial of service attacks, ransomware, spyware, misinformation, phishing/smishing/vishing attacks, business compromise attacks, 11 Table of Contents typosquatting, automated attacks, employee errors, negligence or malfeasance, the use of malicious codes or worms, payment fraud, and other unauthorized occurrences on, or conducted through, our or our third-party service providers (including our vendors , data partners and distribution partners ) information systems and networks, originating from a wide variety of sources, including criminals, terrorists, state-sponsored actors, financially motivated actors, internal actors, and external service providers. The cyber risks the Company faces range from cyber attacks common to most industries, to more sophisticated and targeted attacks, including attacks carried out by state-sponsored actors, intended to obtain unauthorized access to certain information or information systems or networks due in part to our prominence in the global marketplace, such as our ratings on debt issued by sovereigns and corporate issuers, our impending methodology changes in our benchmarks businesses, or the composition of our indices. Our third-party service providers, including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners, are also the subject of a variety of cyber attacks, including attacks carried out by state-sponsored actors. We and our third-party service providers, including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners, experience cyber attacks, data breaches and other cyber threats of varying degrees on a regular basis. The volume of such attacks, breaches and threats has increased over the years and we expect that volume to continue to increase. Breaches of our or our third-party service providers (including our vendors , data partners and distribution partners ) information systems and networks may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or such third-party s websites, applications or data processing, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information regarding us, our business or our customers. Although we have not experienced a cyber attack or data breach that has had a material adverse effect on us to date, we may experience such an event in the future. In the ordinary course of business, we are exposed to vulnerabilities in widely deployed third-party software. While such vulnerabilities have not resulted in a material adverse effect on the Company to date, they require us to devote time and resources to remediation on a regular basis. Notwithstanding our efforts, we may suffer a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations resulting from such vulnerabilities in the future. Misappropriation, improper modification, destruction, corruption or unavailability of our data and information, including personal data, due to cyber incidents, attacks or other security breaches, or the perception of such an occurrence, could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, regulatory actions, sanctions or other statutory penalties, or lead to loss of customer confidence in our security measures and reliability. While such incidents have not had a material impact on the Company to date, future incidents could materially harm our ability to retain customers and gain new ones, result in financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us, and lead to increased expenses related to addressing or mitigating the risks associated with any such incidents. We may be required to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of any errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service and we may have insufficient recourse against our third-party service providers, including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners. Additionally, our failure to timely or accurately communicate cyber incidents to relevant parties, including as a result of a failure of our third-party service providers, including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners, to inform us of incidents impacting their information systems or networks in a timely manner could result in regulatory or litigation risk, and reputational harm. We devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of our information systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to the enterprise and our customers and employees, and we expect to continue to expend significant additional resources to bolster these protections. However, such measures cannot provide absolute security and may be circumvented or become obsolete, and additional measures that we take to prevent or mitigate cyber incidents may be expensive or ineffective. Additionally, fragmented security tooling could create visibility gaps and increase the risk of missed threats and slower response. We conduct cyber due diligence during the acquisition process; however, following the completion of acquisitions, we from time to time identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities in acquired entities information systems and networks, which expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own information systems or networks more vulnerable to a cyber attack. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our inability to innovate and compete with new or enhanced products and services of our competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We operate in highly competitive markets that continuously change to adapt to customer needs. We could experience material threats to our businesses from new or existing competitors due to the rapidly changing environment in which we operate. In order to maintain a competitive position, we invest in innovation, new offerings and enhancements, including new ways to deliver our products and services. These new or enhanced offerings resulting from our investments sometimes do not, and may not in the future, achieve market acceptance, profit or the level of profitability that we expect or have experienced historically. Our inability to innovate and compete with new or enhanced products and services of our competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our inability to successfully develop, adapt, or implement new and improved processes and technology could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 12 Table of Contents The rapid change of technology is a key feature of all of the markets in which we operate. To succeed in the future, we will need to deploy improved processes and technology to innovate, design, develop, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements to our existing products in a timely and cost-effective manner. Innovation and constant development in support of new products and enhancements to existing products calls for the implementation of new and improved processes and technologies that require related change management efforts. While we employ a certain level of internal and external resources to mitigate the risks associated with implementing process and technology improvements, new processes and technologies that are still in development tend to be subject to more risks than established processes and technologies. Additionally, certain of our new processes require manual data entry or collection before they can be automated, which subjects them to greater risk of human error. We may also face unexpected challenges in execution that may require more management attention than expected, thus diverting management time and energy from other businesses. The foregoing and other unforeseen factors could also result in additional commitments of financial resources and business disruptions. We have transitioned an important portion of our technology to a cloud-based infrastructure, which is complex, time consuming, and involves substantial expenditures. Our utilization of cloud services is critical to developing and providing products and services to our customers, scaling our business for future growth, maintaining data and otherwise operating our business; any such implementation involves risks inherent in the conversion to a new system, including loss of information and potential disruption to our normal operations. We may discover material deficiencies in our design or implementation or maintenance of the new cloud-based systems that could adversely affect our business. Disruptions to either the outsourced systems or the communication links between us and the outsourced supplier negatively affect our ability to operate our data systems, and impair our ability to provide services to our customers. Enhancing existing products and developing new products often requires effective collaboration across various divisions, functions and business lines of the Company. Ineffective or insufficient collaboration across divisions, functions and business lines decreases our ability to expand geographically, enhance products, innovate, increase sales, promote brand awareness (and can lead to brand confusion) and may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Increased availability of free or relatively inexpensive information sources may materially reduce demand for our products and services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In recent years, more public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information have become available, and advances in public cloud computing and open source software are expected to continue. Given the importance of data to our products and services, the continued growth of publicly available free or relatively inexpensive information could materially reduce demand for our products and services. Demand could also be materially reduced as a result of cost-cutting initiatives at certain companies and organizations that choose to use publicly available free or relatively inexpensive information over our products and services. Although we believe our products and services are enhanced by our analysis, tools, delivery mechanisms and applications, if a large number of smaller customers or a critical number of larger customers choose to use public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information as a substitute for our products or services, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Artificial Intelligence ("AI") presents new and evolving risks, and our approach to AI may not be successful, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. AI is a rapidly evolving technology that is fundamentally changing the way data is gathered, produced, protected, licensed, processed, and consumed. Given the importance of data to our products and services, AI continues to be an increasingly important part of our business and industry. While we have established a Company-wide AI strategy to drive our approach to data protection, licensing and AI integration in our processes, products and services, AI creates a number of evolving risks and opportunities and can exacerbate other risks, including those described herein: In order to remain competitive, we have made significant investments in various AI initiatives. There is no guarantee that these investments will lead to the development of products and services that achieve market acceptance, profit or the level of profitability that we expect or have experienced historically. The continued enhancement of AI within our products, services and processes depends in part on our ability to attract and retain talented employees with critical AI and data science experience, which is dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions and compensation packages offered by companies competing for the same talent. While we offer competitive salary and benefit packages, intense competition for talent with critical AI and data science experience is driving difficulties in attracting and retaining skilled employees. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to attract, retain or train key qualified personnel, our ability to develop and deliver on our investments in our various AI initiatives may be adversely affected. The number of approaches to integrating and commercializing AI is currently large, and many of those approaches may fail to gain market acceptance or become obsolete as AI continues to evolve. At this time, we are unable to predict which AI offerings will ultimately be successful. In addition, the development, testing and deployment of AI systems 13 Table of Contents requires continued investment and may materially increase the cost profile of our offerings due to the nature of the computing cost involved in such systems. Notwithstanding our investments, our products and services may become less marketable or less competitive, or potentially obsolete if either our approach to integrating AI into our products and services fails to gain market acceptance or our approach to protecting our data and intellectual property is ultimately inadequate. Our competitors are deploying AI in ways that could materially reduce demand for our products and services (for example, by deploying AI in ways that make collection and processing of information relatively inexpensive or free or by leveraging AI to build products and services that compete with our products and services). The emerging availability of off-the-shelf AI models may also increase the ability of new and existing competitors to develop technology and applications which may compete with our products and services. Our ability to produce and develop products and services with AI capabilities is dependent upon the products and services of other suppliers, including certain data, software and service suppliers. Our products and services with AI capabilities may rely on third-party AI providers for certain capabilities and infrastructure. If any such providers were to limit, discontinue or materially alter the terms of our access, we may be unable to obtain comparable data from other sources in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. To the extent we rely on third-party AI models, the providers may discontinue such models or their model capabilities may become insufficient or obsolete. While such issues have not materially adversely affected us to date, the future occurrence of any such issue could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, including social and ethical risks. For example, our products and services with AI capabilities may contain errors or defects that lead to privacy concerns, accuracy issues, unintended biases or discriminatory outputs. Errors or defects may exist during any part of a product s life cycle and may persist notwithstanding testing and/or other quality assurance practices. Inadequate internal oversight or testing within the Company increases the risk that such errors or defects may not be detected or mitigated. Failing to properly remediate any social or ethical issues that may arise in our offerings may result in material brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, legal liability or loss of public confidence, or a material reduction to the marketability or competitiveness of our products and services. In addition, our failure to continue development and adoption of ethical and transparent policies and procedures related to AI could negatively impact our reputation and customer confidence. Any of these social, ethical or operational issues could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. AI is being utilized by malign actors to launch increasingly sophisticated cyber attacks against us and our third-party service providers (including our vendors, data partners and distribution partners), which, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. While we believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. The AI landscape is complex and rapidly evolving, and new and enhanced laws and regulations (or inadequate laws or regulations), novel application of existing laws to AI technology, governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation and ethical concerns could materially and adversely impact our ability to protect our data and intellectual property, to develop and offer products and services that effectively use AI, to compete with other AI products or services, to improve efficiency of existing products or services through the effective use of AI to remain competitive, or to incorporate AI in our internal operations, or could materially increase our burden and cost of research, development and regulatory compliance. We do not yet know whether intellectual property laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate will enable us to effectively protect our intellectual property rights from unintended use by AI. Third parties could also use our data with AI tools to create their own insights and potentially supplant our products and services. We are also subject to a variety of evolving laws and regulations regarding AI in an increasing number of jurisdictions. Further, global AI legislation, regulatory, enforcement, and policy activity is rapidly and continually evolving and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. Such measures increase our operating costs and require significant management time and attention and may result in negative publicity and subject us to significant costs that may harm our business, including fines or damages as well as demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices. The integration of AI in our products and services may increase the risks of improper processing of personal data, further exacerbating such risks. AI technologies used in our products and processes may incorporate or reproduce third-party content in their outputs, which may expose us to risks associated with infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating others intellectual property rights, including the trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including from our competitors or nonpracticing entities which may expose us to protracted and expensive litigation and may materially and adversely affect our business going forward. We may also be unable to protect our data from unintended use or access by third-party AI systems. Our approach for managing our clients use of our data is influenced by AI. Our approach must effectively balance protecting our data and enabling our clients to leverage our data for their needs. Given the evolving nature of AI, at this time we are unable to predict if our approach will be successful. If our approach is ultimately inadequate, we could materially dilute the value of our data and/or lose significant market share or revenue. 14 Table of Contents Any of the foregoing factors could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. Our use of open source software could result in litigation or impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and services. We use open source software in our technology, most often as small components within a larger product or service. Open source code is also contained in some third-party software we rely on. The terms of many open source licenses are ambiguous and have not been interpreted by United States ( U.S. ) or other courts. These licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and services, licenses the software on unfavorable terms or requires us to seek licenses from third parties to offer our products and services, or requires us to re-engineer our products and services or take other remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We could also be subject to suits by parties claiming breach of the terms of licenses, which could be costly for us to defend. Our inability to adequately obtain, protect and maintain our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could impact our competitive position. We consider many of our products and services to be proprietary, and our success depends, in part, on protecting our intellectual property, proprietary information, and technology. We rely on a variety of measures to maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property portfolio, including trademark and patent protection, trade secret laws, legal misappropriation doctrines, confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions, all of which provide only limited protection. In particular, such measures may not prevent infringement, violation, misuse or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights or proprietary or confidential information. For example, we routinely face unauthorized use of our indices and price assessments, and our efforts to stop such uses require significant time and expense, and are not always successful. We have filed for patents in the U.S. and in certain international jurisdictions, but such protections can be expensive and may not be available in all countries in which we operate or in which we seek to enforce such rights, or may be difficult to enforce in practice. We have filed for trademark registrations and participated in trademark enforcement and trademark oppositions in the U.S. and certain international jurisdictions to protect our brand, good will and reputation. These efforts cannot ensure registrations will be issued, our trademark rights will be enforced, or violations of our trademark rights will be appropriately resolved. We do business in a number of countries included on the Priority Watch List and/or Watch Lists maintained by the Office of the United States Trade Representative which are currently thought to afford less protection to intellectual property rights generally than some other jurisdictions. The lack of strong patent and other intellectual property protection in jurisdictions in which we operate increases our vulnerability regarding unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property and undermines our competitive position. In addition, even in jurisdictions where there are strong protections for intellectual property rights, our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights may be impacted by the number of competitors or other third parties attempting to infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property, and the time and resources required to defend against such unauthorized uses. There can be no assurance that any future patent, trademark, or other intellectual property registrations will be issued for our pending or future applications or that any of our current or future patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights will be valid, enforceable, sufficiently broad in scope, provide adequate protection of our technology or other proprietary rights, or provide us with any competitive advantage. Any additional investment in protecting our intellectual property rights through additional trademark, patent or other intellectual property filings could be time consuming and expensive, both in terms of application and maintenance costs. We make business decisions about whether and where to seek patent, copyright, and trademark protection for a particular technology and when to rely upon trade secret protection, and the approach we select may ultimately prove to be inadequate. Businesses we acquire may also have intellectual property portfolios which increase the complexity of managing our intellectual property portfolio and protecting our competitive position. Failure to obtain, protect and maintain our intellectual property adequately could harm the value of, and revenue generated by, such assets as well as harm our reputation and affect our ability to compete effectively. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in maintaining, protecting, or enforcing the confidentiality of our trade secrets or that our confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements for such trade secrets will provide sufficient protection of our trade secrets, know-how, or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation, or other disclosure. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret or know-how is difficult, fact-intensive, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect and some courts inside and outside the U.S. are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets and know-how. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors from independently developing product or service offerings that are substantially equivalent or superior to our offerings. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us, and 15 Table of Contents our competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. The loss of trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products and services by copying functionality, and pervasive data leakage could render our capabilities redundant over time. Our products and services contain intellectual property delivered through a variety of digital and other media. Our ability to achieve anticipated results depends in part on our ability to defend our intellectual property rights against infringement and misappropriation. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by inadequate or changing legal and technological protections for intellectual property and proprietary rights in jurisdictions and markets in which we operate. Our products also contain intellectual property of third-party sources. From time to time, we face claims by third parties that we violated their intellectual property rights, which may result in termination of the relevant source agreement, litigation or reputational damage, or may require us to enter into royalty and licensing agreements on unfavorable terms or to stop selling or redesign affected products. Any of the above factors could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly to defend and could harm our business and operating results. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party intellectual property rights. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to claims and litigation alleging that we or our products or services infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate others intellectual property rights, including the trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including from our competitors or nonpracticing entities. We may also learn of possible infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property. Patent and other intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict and may result in significant settlement costs or payment of substantial damages. Furthermore, a successful claimant could secure a judgment that requires us to stop offering some products or services or prevents us from conducting our business as we have historically done or may desire to do in the future. We might also be required to seek a license and pay royalties for the use of such intellectual property, which may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Alternatively, we may be required to modify our products and services, which could require significant effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. We rely heavily on network systems and the Internet and any failures or disruptions may adversely affect our ability to serve our customers. Our products and services are delivered electronically, and our customers rely on our ability to process transactions rapidly and deliver substantial quantities of data on computer-based networks. Our customers also depend on the continued capacity, reliability, resiliency, and security of our electronic delivery systems, our websites and the Internet. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at cloud or third-party Internet providers or increased government regulation. Delays in our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may harm our reputation and result in the loss of customers. Our operations and infrastructure may malfunction or fail, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which we are located, including New York City, the location of our headquarters, and major cities worldwide in which we have offices and operations. This may include a disruption involving physical or technological infrastructure used by us or third parties with or through whom we conduct business, whether due to human error, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, cyber attacks, data breaches, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, acts of terrorism, political unrest, war or otherwise. Technology failures could also result from inadequate implementation or poor governance. Our efforts to secure and plan for potential disruptions of our major operating systems are not always successful, and future disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems, applications and services (e.g. Amazon Web Services ( AWS )) to support key product and service offerings. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. We have at times experienced outages and other disruptions due to internal system or human errors and could in the future be subject to outages or other disruptions due to similar errors. While we have taken steps to address these 16 Table of Contents errors, we may experience outages or other disruptions in the future, and such outages or disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The physical or technological infrastructure used by us or our third-party service providers can become obsolete or restrictive, unavailable, incompatible with future versions of our products, fail to be comprehensive or accurate, or fail to operate effectively, and our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace it. We also do not have fully redundant systems for most of our smaller office locations and low-risk systems, and our disaster recovery plan does not include restoration of non-essential services. If a disruption occurs in one of our locations or systems and our personnel in those locations or those who rely on such systems are unable to utilize other systems or communicate with or travel to other locations, such persons ability to service and interact with our customers may suffer. We cannot predict with certainty all of the adverse effects that could result from our failure, or the failure of a third party, to efficiently address and resolve these delays and interruptions. A disruption to our operations or infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Legal and Regulatory Risks Exposure to litigation and government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the normal course of business, both in the U.S. and abroad, we and our subsidiaries are defendants in numerous legal proceedings and are often the subject of government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries, as discussed under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we face the risk that additional proceedings, investigations and inquiries will arise in the future. Many of these proceedings, investigations and inquiries regularly relate to the activity of our Ratings, Indices, and Energy businesses. In addition, various government and self-regulatory agencies frequently make inquiries and conduct investigations into our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including those related to our regulated products and services, antitrust matters, and other matters, such as environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) matters. From time to time, we also face proceedings, investigations or inquiries related to tax matters. Enhancements to our products and services combined with evolving regulation requires us to continuously evaluate our regulatory and compliance obligations, and government and self-regulatory agencies may conduct investigations to determine whether our products and services subject us to additional regulations. Any of these proceedings, investigations or inquiries impose additional expenses on the Company, require the attention of senior management, and could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties, activity restrictions, reduced demand for our products and services, or negative impacts on our cash flows, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In view of the uncertainty inherent in litigation, government and regulatory enforcement matters, and changing political sentiments, we cannot predict the eventual outcome of the matters we are currently facing or the timing of their resolution, or in most cases reasonably estimate what the eventual judgments or impact of activity restrictions may be. The outcome of matters we are currently facing or that we may face in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As litigation or the process to resolve pending matters progresses, as the case may be, we continuously review the latest information available and assess our ability to predict the outcome of such matters and the effects, if any, on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business and competitive position, which sometimes requires us to record liabilities in the consolidated financial statements. Risks relating to legal proceedings may be heightened in foreign jurisdictions that lack the legal protections or liability standards comparable to those that exist in the U.S. In addition, new laws and regulations have been and may continue to be enacted that establish lower liability standards, shift the burden of proof or relax pleading requirements, thereby increasing the risk of successful litigations against the Company in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions. These litigation risks are often difficult to assess or quantify and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may not have adequate insurance or reserves to cover these risks, and the existence and magnitude of these risks often remains unknown for substantial periods of time and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Changes and increased enforcement in the global privacy, data localization, operational resilience, and data protection legislative, regulatory, and commercial environments in which we operate may materially and adversely impact our ability to collect, compile, use, and publish data, require us to disclose information about our security environment, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We, and certain types of information we collect, compile, store, use, process, transfer, publish and sell, are subject to laws and regulations governing the protection of personal and sensitive information in the various jurisdictions in 17 Table of Contents which we operate. We move data across national borders to conduct our operations, and consequently, are subject to a variety of evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security in an increasing number of jurisdictions. Further, global privacy, data localization, data maintenance, data transfer, operational resilience (e.g., the E.U. Digital Operational Resilience Act), data protection legislation, regulatory, enforcement, and policy activity are rapidly and continually evolving and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. There is also increasing public concern among certain privacy and data protection advocates, government regulators, litigators, and the press regarding, and resulting increasing regulations of, privacy, data, and consumer protection issues. Certain laws and regulations to which we are subject pertain to personally identifiable information ( PII ) relating to individuals. Such laws and regulations constrain the collection, use, processing, storage, and transfer of PII, and impose other obligations with which we must comply. Costs and adaptation of our business practices to comply with evolving laws and regulations governing and restricting the processing and transfer of certain data is, and we expect will continue to be, significant. In addition, such measures, as well as any associated inquiries or investigations or any other government actions, increase our operating costs and require significant management time and attention, and may result in negative publicity and subject us to significant costs that may harm our business, including fines or damages as well as demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices. The risks of inadvertent disclosure of personal data can increase with the introduction of new and complex technologies, further exacerbating such risks. There has been increased public attention regarding the use and transfer of personal information and regulations intended to strengthen data protection, information security and consumer and personal privacy. The law in these areas continues to develop and the changing nature and interpretation of these laws by courts and enforcement actions, including in jurisdictions such as the U.S. (including in an increasing number of U.S. states), the European Union (the EU ), the People s Republic of China and India, could have a significant impact on our processing of employee, commercial, vendor, and customer data, and in turn, our business practices. These laws and regulations are wide-ranging in scope and impose numerous requirements on entities that process certain data, including personal data, such as requirements relating to processing sensitive data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates in certain circumstances, providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, implementing safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, providing notification of data breaches and taking certain measures when engaging third-party processes that will have access to personal data. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, sometimes change, and can conflict among the various jurisdictions in which we operate. It is possible that we could be prohibited or constrained from collecting or disseminating certain types of data or from providing certain products or services as a result of such laws and regulations. For example, we may not be able, or we may fail, to obtain appropriate third-party consent where consent is required to collect or use certain types of data for certain purposes in our business. Moreover, if our business fails to comply with these laws or regulations, we could be subject to significant litigation and civil or criminal penalties (including monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions or fines) in one or more jurisdictions, as well as reputational damage that could result in the loss of data, brand equity and business. For example, a failure to comply with the GDPR or U.K. GDPR could result in fines up to the greater of 20 million (or 17.5 million under the U.K. GDPR) or 4% of annual global revenues. Additionally, in the case of a DPPA violation, U.S. courts may award liquidated damages of $2,500 per individual s personal information. Furthermore, any inquiries or investigations, or any other governmental actions, regarding our data processing practices could require significant management time and attention, and may result in negative publicity and subject us to increased costs, as well as demands or orders that we modify our existing business practices. Enforcement of these laws and regulations may increase as enforcement programs mature and better tooling enhances identification of compliance issues. We devote meaningful time and financial resources to compliance with current and future applicable international and U.S. privacy, cybersecurity, data protection and related laws and regulations. We have made, and expect to continue to make, capital investments and other expenditures to enhance cybersecurity preparedness and prevent future cyber incidents and breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, and experts. Any such expenses that we incur in the future, which could be material, will impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred, but may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to compromise our information or information technology systems. Continued privacy and data protection concerns may result in new or amended laws and regulations. Future laws and regulations with respect to the collection, compilation, use, and publication of information could result in limitations on our operations or data processing, leading to increased compliance or litigation expense and/or adverse publicity or loss of revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. It is also possible that we could be prohibited from collecting or disseminating certain types of data, which could affect our ability to meet our customers needs or require changes in our processes, technologies, and data management. We are also from time to time subject to, or face assertions that we are subject to, additional obligations relating to personal and other data by contract or due to assertions that self-regulatory obligations or industry standards apply to our practices. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties, and could face claims or allegations that we are not in compliance with such terms, which could result in costly litigation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 18 Table of Contents Future legislation, regulatory reform or policy changes, especially abrupt changes, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Future legislation, regulatory reform or policy changes, such as financial services regulatory reform, energy- or commodity-specific regulation, including oil, regulations related to pricing providers, credit rating data, sustainability or corporate responsibility matters, data privacy, operational resilience and cybersecurity, tax regulations, government-sponsored enterprise reform and increased infrastructure spending and significant changes in trade policy (including sanctions and tariffs), could impact our business. There are currently a number of laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which we operate around the world that have recently been adopted but not yet implemented or have been proposed or are being considered to which we or our clients will or may become subject, but at this time their impact on our business and results of operations remains uncertain. Changes in legislation, regulation or policy increase the likelihood that we will fail to appropriately adapt to changes in our compliance obligations, particularly when such changes happen abruptly, such as following a change in government. Any of the foregoing changes could increase our litigation and regulatory exposure, directly impact our results of operations and cash flows, adversely affect our ability to provide our products and services, or adversely impact the demand for our products and services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Such changes may also impact our business by creating increased volatility and uncertainty in the markets in which we operate. At this time, we cannot predict the scope or nature of these changes or assess what the overall effect of such potential changes could be on our results of operations or cash flows. Increasing regulation of our Ratings business in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere can increase our costs of doing business and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The financial services industry is highly regulated, rapidly evolving and subject to the potential for increasing regulation in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere. The businesses conducted by Ratings are regulated under the laws of various jurisdictions around the world, including the U.S. Credit Rating Agency Reform Act of 2006, the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the EU s credit rating agency regulation, and the U.K. s credit rating agency regulation. The U.S. Congress, the International Organization of Securities Commissions ("IOSCO"), the SEC, the European Commission, including through the European Securities Market Authority ( ESMA ) and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ), as well as regulators in other countries in which Ratings operates, have reviewed the role of rating agencies and their processes and the need for greater oversight or regulations concerning the issuance of credit ratings or the activities of credit rating agencies, and they may conduct such reviews in the future. Other laws, regulations and rules relating to credit rating agencies are from time to time considered by local, national and multinational bodies and are likely to continue to be considered in the future, including, for example, provisions seeking to reduce regulatory and investor reliance on credit ratings or to increase competition among credit rating agencies, provisions regarding remuneration and rotation of credit rating agencies, and liability standards applicable to credit rating agencies. Other laws, regulations and rules are being considered or are likely to be considered in the future that may impact ancillary and other services provided by Ratings in addition to its credit rating products and services. Examples include regulatory oversight regimes for ESG ratings providers which may impose new regulatory requirements regarding some of Ratings ancillary and other services, such as the EU regulation on the transparency and integrity of ESG rating activities adopted by the European Parliament and Council in November 2024, or legislation and draft rules published by the FCA in 2025 to supervise ESG ratings providers from June 2028. Credit rating laws and regulations, and any other similar future rule-making, could result in reduced demand for credit ratings and/or significant increased costs, which we may be unable to pass through to customers. In addition, there may be uncertainty over the scope, interpretation and administration of such laws and regulations. We may be required to incur significant expenses and/or take actions inconsistent with our business objectives in order to comply with such laws and regulations and to mitigate the risk of fines, penalties or other sanctions. Legal proceedings could become increasingly lengthy and there may be increased uncertainty over and exposure to liability. It is difficult to accurately assess the future impact of legislative and regulatory requirements on our business and our customers businesses, and they may affect Ratings communications with issuers as part of the rating assignment process, alter the manner in which Ratings ratings are developed, affect the manner in which Ratings or its customers or users of credit ratings operate, impact the demand for our ratings or our other products and services and alter the economics of the credit ratings business. Each of these developments could materially increase the costs and legal risk associated with the issuance of our credit ratings or our other products and services and could have a material adverse effect on our operations, profitability and competitiveness, the demand for our credit ratings or our other products and services, and the manner in which our credit ratings are utilized. Additional information regarding rating agencies is provided under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Indices and Energy businesses are subject to a global evolving regulatory landscape, which has and may continue to cause increased operating obligations, exposure, compliance risk and costs of doing business, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 19 Table of Contents In addition to the extensive and evolving U.S. laws and regulations, foreign jurisdictions have taken measures to increase regulation of the financial services and energy and commodities industries. Energy has aligned its operations with the Principles for Oil Price Reporting Agencies ("PRA Principles") issued by IOSCO and, as recommended by IOSCO in its final report on the PRA Principles, has aligned to the PRA Principles for other commodities for which it publishes benchmarks. Indices has aligned its governance regime, control framework and operations with the Principles for Financial Benchmarks ("Financial Benchmark Principles") issued by IOSCO and engages an independent auditor to perform an annual reasonable assurance review of its adherence to the Financial Benchmark Principles. Energy and Indices are subject to financial and commodity benchmark regulation in the EU (the EU Benchmark Regulation ) and the U.K. (the U.K. Benchmark Regulation ) as well as increasing benchmark regulation in other jurisdictions. Energy is supervised by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets for the EU Benchmark Regulation. Indices has recently transitioned from supervision by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets to supervision by ESMA for the EU Benchmark Regulation. Indices is also supervised by the FCA for the U.K. Benchmark Regulation. Indices is also subject to the benchmark regulation in Australia under which it is required to and has obtained a license from and is subject to the supervision of the Australian Securities and Investment Commission regarding its administration of the S P ASX 200 index. Certain products and services provided by the S1 business in Energy are subject to the EU regulation on the transparency and integrity of ESG rating activities adopted by the European Parliament and Council in November 2024, and will also be subject to The Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) (ESG Ratings) Order 2025 and will need to become supervised by the FCA for the ESG ratings it provides from June 2028. The EU's package of legislative measures called the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Regulation (collectively "MiFID II") have applied in all EU Member States since 2018. MiFID II and the Market Abuse Regulation may impose additional regulatory burdens on the activities of Indices and Energy in the EU over time, but their impact on, and costs to, the Company have not yet been substantive. The European Commission has adopted or proposed various options for regulatory intervention to address high energy prices including, among others, price limiting mechanisms on exchange traded gas products, the introduction of circuit breakers and the development of LNG import benchmarks. These laws, regulations and principles have impacted our Energy and Indices businesses by increasing their operating obligations, exposure, compliance risk, and costs of doing business. Such impacts may continue or get worse as the regulatory landscape continues to evolve, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our international business activities must comport with international trade restraints, including economic sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, which could affect our ability to market and/or sell our products and services into certain countries where we do business. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations can result in significant fines and penalties and related material adverse effects on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. As a global company, we are subject to international trade restraints, including economic and financial sanction laws and embargoes. These laws include prohibitions or restrictions on the sale or supply of certain products and services to embargoed or sanctioned countries, regions, governments, persons and entities. Embargoes and sanctions laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to Iran, Russia, and Venezuela. These embargoes and sanctions laws have affected, and may in the future affect, our ability to continue to market and/or sell our products and services into these geographies and in turn adversely impact our revenue from such geographies. For example, in response to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, governments in the U.S., the EU, the U.K., Canada and others imposed financial and economic sanctions on certain industry segments and various parties in Russia and Belarus. Additional international trade restraints may be promulgated at any time and may require changes to our operations and increase our risk of noncompliance. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations can result in significant fines and penalties and related material adverse effects on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company has previously settled and paid fines in connection with such matters. We may become subject to liability or face reputational harm due to our offerings. Some of our products and services support the investment processes and other activities of our clients, which, in the aggregate, manage or own trillions of dollars of assets. The use of our products or services as part of such activities, including the investment process, from time to time exposes us to claims for significant dollar amounts by our clients or the parties whose assets are managed by our clients. Such claims have not materially adversely affected us to date, but future claims may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have a heightened risk of litigation and reputational harm due to our role in the global markets. The products we develop or license, and the proprietary methodologies, models and processes on which these products rely, from time to time contain undetected errors or defects, despite testing and/or other quality assurance practices. 20 Table of Contents Moreover, many of our products use new and evolving technologies that may contain their own undetected errors or defects. Errors or defects may exist during any part of a product s life cycle and may persist notwithstanding testing and/or other quality assurance practices. Inadequate internal oversight or testing within the Company increases the risk that such errors or defects may not be detected or mitigated. Deploying products containing such errors or defects may damage our reputation, and the costs associated with remediating such errors or defects may have an impact on our profitability. Any claim relating to our products or services, even one in which the outcome is ultimately favorable to us, involves a significant commitment of our management, personnel, financial and other resources and could have a negative impact on our reputation. In addition, such claims and lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Business and Operational Risks Changes in the volume of securities issued and traded in domestic and/or global capital markets, asset levels and flows into investment products, high interest rates, changes in interest rates and volatility in the financial markets, and volatility in the energy and commodity markets impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business is impacted by general economic conditions and volatility in the U.S. and world energy and commodity markets and financial markets. Economic conditions and volatility across the globe are generally affected by negative or uncertain economic and political conditions. In addition, natural and man-made disasters, public health crises (e.g., pandemics), and military action or conflict, such as the ongoing military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and the U.S. intervention in Venezuela, introduce volatility and uncertainty into the global capital and energy and commodity markets and negatively impact general economic conditions. Volatile, negative or uncertain economic and political conditions in our significant markets typically undermine business confidence in our significant markets or in other markets, which are increasingly interdependent. Because we operate globally and have significant businesses in many markets, increased volatility or an economic slowdown in any of those markets typically adversely affects our results of operations. For example, military conflicts typically result in adverse and uncertain economic conditions such as negatively impacting global demand for goods and services; causing supply chain disruptions (e.g., tensions across the Taiwan Straight that could lead to semiconductor supply disruption); increasing costs for transportation, energy and other raw materials; and causing an increase in cybersecurity incidents. Such conditions typically result in increased volatility and disruption to the global economy and the markets in which we operate, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations. Since a significant component of our credit-rating and issuance based revenue is transaction-based, and is essentially dependent on the number and dollar volume of rated debt securities issued in the capital markets, unfavorable financial or economic conditions that either reduce investor demand for rated debt securities or reduce issuers willingness or ability to issue rated debt securities reduce the number and dollar volume of debt issuances for which Ratings provides credit ratings. Unfavorable financial or economic conditions that either reduce investor demand for debt or equity securities or reduce issuers willingness or ability to issue such securities negatively impact the revenue of certain business lines within Market Intelligence that are linked to debt and equity issuances. Our Indices business is impacted by market volatility, asset levels or notional values of investment products based on our indices, and trading volumes of certain exchange traded derivatives. Uncertain economic conditions, political unrest and a variety of other factors may lead to market volatility and volatile capital markets, as well as changing investment styles, which, among other factors, may influence an investor s decision to invest in and maintain an investment in an index-linked investment product. High or increasing interest rates or credit spreads, volatility in financial markets or the interest rate environment, significant political or economic events, defaults of significant issuers and other market and economic factors may negatively impact the general level of debt issuance, the debt issuance plans of certain categories of borrowers, the level of derivatives trading and/or the types of credit-sensitive products being offered, which impact our Ratings segment and portions of our Market Intelligence, Energy and Indices segments, and in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our Energy business is impacted by volatility in the energy and commodity markets. Such volatility in our key markets could cause reduced demand for our products, impacting our revenues and margins. Changes in commodity price references, whether price assessments, benchmarks or the related trading activity in physical commodities and commodities derivatives, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. High or increasing interest rates, volatility in financial markets or the interest rate environment, significant political or economic events, and other market and economic factors may impact the supply and demand for new and used vehicles, which impacts our Mobility business. Disruptions in the automotive supply chain impact production in the automotive industry and typically impact our Mobility business. 21 Table of Contents Any weakness in the macroeconomic environment, including due to recession, inflation, high or increasing interest rates and other factors, could constrain customer budgets across the markets we serve, potentially leading to a reduction in their employee headcount and a decrease in demand for our subscription-based products. The foregoing factors generally affect our performance and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Inability to attract, retain or train key qualified personnel or to navigate key management transitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The development, maintenance, sale and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, experience and ability of our highly skilled, educated and trained key personnel. Accordingly, our business is dependent on successfully attracting, retaining and training talented employees and navigating key management transitions in a highly competitive business environment. Our ability to attract and retain talented employees is dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions and compensation packages offered by companies competing for the same talent. While we offer competitive salary and benefit packages, intense competition for talent within our markets is driving difficulties in attracting and retaining skilled employees. Key management transitions involve inherent risk, and such transition periods can be disruptive and may result in a loss of personnel with deep institutional or technical knowledge. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to attract, retain or train key qualified personnel or to navigate key management transitions, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services or achieve strategic goals may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The planned separation of our Mobility business into an independent, publicly traded company is contingent upon the satisfaction of a number of conditions, may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline, or at all, and may not achieve the intended benefits. On April 29, 2025, we announced our intent to pursue a separation of our Mobility business through a spin-off to our shareholders. The proposed separation is subject to various conditions, is complex in nature, and may be affected by unanticipated developments. The separation is intended to qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the separation or that such separation will be completed. Unanticipated developments could delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the separation, including but not limited to disruptions in general or financial market conditions or potential problems or delays in satisfying required conditions. Such developments could cause the separation to occur on terms or conditions that are less favorable than anticipated. In addition, we may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that we anticipate to result from the separation, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The anticipated benefits of the separation are based on a number of assumptions, some of which may prove incorrect. We also expect to incur significant expenses in connection with the separation, certain of which will be incurred even if the separation is not completed. Executing the separation will continue to require significant resources, time and attention from our senior management and employees, which could divert attention and resources away from other projects and the day-to-day operation of our business. We may experience negative reactions from financial markets if we do not complete the separation in a reasonable time period. Following the proposed separation, the combined value of the shares of the two publicly-traded companies may not be equal to or greater than what the value of our shares would have been had the separation not occurred. The above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our shares. Our acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions may not produce anticipated results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions to strengthen our business and grow our Company. Such transactions present significant challenges and risks, as the market for acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions is highly competitive, especiall