=== FITB_2026-02-24.htm.gz ===
Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, you should treat these statements as speaking only as of the date they are made and based only on information then actually known to us. There are a number of important factors that could cause future results to differ materially from historical performance and these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: (1) deteriorating credit quality; (2) loan concentration by location or industry of borrowers or collateral; (3) any instability or disruption in the financial system, including those caused by actual or perceived issues affecting the soundness of other financial institutions or market participants; (4) inadequate sources of funding or liquidity; (5) unfavorable actions of rating agencies; (6) inability to maintain or grow deposits; (7) limitations on the ability to receive dividends from subsidiaries; (8) cyber-security risks; (9) Fifth Third s ability to secure confidential information and deliver products and services through the use of computer systems and telecommunications networks; (10) failures by third-party service providers; (11) inability to manage strategic initiatives and/or organizational changes; (12) inability to implement technology system enhancements, including the use of artificial intelligence; (13) failure of internal controls and other risk management programs; (14) losses related to fraud, theft, misappropriation or violence; (15) inability to attract and retain skilled personnel; (16) adverse impacts of government regulation; (17) governmental or regulatory changes or other actions; (18) failures to meet applicable capital requirements; (19) regulatory objections to Fifth Third s capital plan; (20) regulation of Fifth Third s derivatives activities; (21) deposit insurance premiums; (22) assessments for the orderly liquidation fund; (23) weakness in the national or local economies; (24) global political and economic uncertainty or negative actions; (25) changes in interest rates and the effects of inflation; (26) changes in U.S. trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs; (27) changes and trends in capital markets; (28) fluctuation of Fifth Third s stock price; (29) volatility in mortgage banking revenue; (30) litigation, investigations, and enforcement proceedings; (31) breaches of contractual covenants, representations and warranties; (32) competition and changes in the financial services industry; (33) potential impacts of the adoption of real-time payment networks; (34) changing retail distribution strategies, customer preferences and behavior; (35) difficulties in identifying, acquiring or integrating suitable strategic partnerships, investments or acquisitions; (36) potential dilution from future acquisitions; (37) loss of income and/or difficulties encountered in the sale and separation of businesses, investments or other assets; (38) results of investments or acquired entities; (39) changes in accounting standards or interpretation or declines in the value of Fifth Third s goodwill or other intangible assets; (40) inaccuracies or other failures from the use of models; (41) effects of critical accounting policies and judgments or the use of inaccurate estimates; (42) weather-related events, other natural disasters, or health emergencies (including pandemics); (43) the impact of reputational risk created by these or other developments on such matters as business generation and retention, funding and liquidity; (44) changes in law or requirements imposed by Fifth Third s regulators impacting our capital actions, including dividend payments and stock repurchases; (45) Fifth Third s ability to meet its environmental and/or social targets, goals and commitments; and (46) risks relating to the merger with Comerica Incorporated, including Fifth Third s inability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger and potential disruption to Fifth Third s business resulting from post-merger integration. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except as may be required by law, and we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The information contained herein is intended to be reviewed in its totality, and any stipulations, conditions or provisos that apply to a given piece of information in one part of this report should be read as applying mutatis mutandis to every other instance of such information appearing herein. 19 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Information Fifth Third Bancorp (the Bancorp or Fifth Third ), an Ohio corporation organized in 1975, is a bank holding company ( BHC ) as defined by the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA ), and has elected to be treated as a financial holding company ( FHC ) under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 ( GLBA ) and regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the FRB ). The Bancorp is a diversified financial services company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio and is the indirect holding company of Fifth Third Bank, National Association (the Bank ). As of December 31, 2025, Fifth Third had $214 billion in assets and operates 1,130 full-service Banking Centers and 2,199 Fifth Third branded ATMs in Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee, West Virginia, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Alabama. The Bancorp operates three main businesses: Commercial Banking, Consumer and Small Business Banking and Wealth and Asset Management. The Bancorp s trust and registered investment advisory businesses had approximately $690 billion in total assets under care and managed $80 billion in assets for individuals, corporations and not-for-profit organizations as of December 31, 2025. Fifth Third s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol FITB. The Bancorp s subsidiaries provide a wide range of financial products and services to the commercial, financial, retail, governmental, educational, energy and healthcare sectors. This includes a variety of checking, savings and money market accounts, wealth management solutions, payments and commerce solutions, securities products and services, insurance services and credit products such as commercial loans and leases, mortgage loans, credit cards, installment loans and other lending products. These products and services are delivered through a variety of channels including the Bancorp s banking centers, other offices, telephone sales, the internet and mobile applications. The Bank has deposit insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ) through the Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF ). Refer to Exhibit 21 filed as an attachment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a list of subsidiaries of the Bancorp as of February 15, 2026. Additional information regarding the Bancorp s businesses is included in Item 7 of this Annual Report. Competition The Bancorp, primarily through the Bank, competes for deposits, loans and other banking services in its principal geographic markets as well as in selected national markets as opportunities arise. In addition to banking institutions, the Bancorp competes with securities dealers, brokers, mortgage bankers, investment advisors, specialty finance, private credit, financial technology and insurance companies. These companies compete across geographic boundaries and provide customers with meaningful alternatives to traditional banking services in nearly all significant products. The increasingly competitive environment is primarily a result of changes in regulation, changes in technology, product delivery systems and the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial service providers. These competitive trends are likely to continue. Human Capital Resources The Bancorp s human capital strategy is designed to attract, develop and retain talent. This strategy ensures that Fifth Third has the talent, capabilities and organizational structure to support business needs now and in the future. As of December 31, 2025, the Bancorp had 18,676 full-time equivalent employees, compared to 18,616 as of December 31, 2024. These employees support the organization s ambition and purpose by upholding its values by committing to excellence, being connected and acting with creativity and courage. Fifth Third is committed to living its values, serving its customers, delivering financial performance and being recognized as a leader in building an engaging workplace. Engagement and Development Fifth Third believes that an engaged workforce is one of its most valuable assets in sustaining its success. The Bancorp s continuous listening strategy is an important component of its inclusive culture and offers a holistic approach to collecting, measuring and responding to employee feedback through a variety of methods in order to enhance the employee experience at critical points along the employee lifecycle. At the foundation of the Bancorp s listening strategy is the Employee Viewpoints Survey, which includes questions related to engagement, inclusion, well-being, employee expectations and their intent to stay. The Bancorp s learning, development and career mobility strategy delivers personalized and accessible experiences that fuel career growth and help retain talent. In response to employee feedback, Fifth Third continued its focus on career mobility with enhanced tools to support internal career pathing. This includes a robust suite of learning resources covering several areas, including leadership and professional development to foster learning and career advancement across the employee population. In 2025, employees engaged in over 550,000 hours of discretionary learning. In 2025, Fifth Third launched a comprehensive platform designed to deliver leadership development content and experiences for leaders at all levels. Several new development offerings were launched, including generative Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) training, coaching skills for managers and targeted programs to strengthen professional and leadership capabilities across the organization. Fifth Third leaders participated 20 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents in more than 3,200 distinct development experiences. The Bancorp s commitment to compliance and risk management remains strong, with employees and contingent workers completing over 450,000 course hours on these critical topics during 2025. Total Rewards Compensation and Benefits The Bancorp understands the importance of rewarding employees for their talents and commitment to excellence. To reflect that, employees Total Rewards package includes both competitive compensation as well as a complete benefits offering that supports employees through the stages of their careers and lives. The Bancorp is committed to providing competitive compensation programs that attract and retain top talent, while driving the business strategy and effectively managing risk. Fifth Third s compensation programs are designed to reward performance and align with regulatory expectations while reflecting the Bancorp s values and behavioral standards. The Bancorp s compensation philosophy is centered on creating long-term shareholder value. Fifth Third is committed to the holistic well-being of its employees. The benefits program is designed to address the personal and professional needs of employees and their families. In addition to traditional benefits offerings, the Bancorp provides comprehensive support with unique programs focused on the financial, physical, emotional and social well-being of employees. Recruitment and Retention The Bancorp continues to navigate the evolving talent landscape by monitoring the external environment and adapting talent strategies to align with business goals. The Bancorp s focus on delivering its employee value proposition demonstrates a continued commitment to employees which includes developing great leaders and elevating the employee experience. Full year turnover was 16.4% in 2025 compared to 16.2% in 2024. The Bancorp s recruitment strategies enhance the organization by enabling business success. To attract the most talented employees, the Bancorp continues to deepen relationships with universities and partner organizations to ensure a strong pipeline for talent. Creating and developing a strong workforce is important for the Bancorp s business growth, leading to enhanced innovation while focusing on the needs of its customers. Regulation and Supervision The Bancorp and the Bank are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by bank regulatory agencies under federal and state law, the principal objectives of which are the safety and soundness of financial institutions, the maintenance of the DIF and the protection of consumers and the U.S. banking and financial system, rather than the protection of holders of the Bancorp s securities. To the extent the following material describes statutory or regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statute or regulation. Regulators The Bancorp and/or the Bank are subject to regulation and supervision primarily by the FRB, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC ), the FDIC, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ) and additionally by certain federal, state and international regulators and self-regulatory organizations. The Bancorp is also subject to regulation by the SEC by virtue of its status as a public company and due to the nature of some of its businesses. The Bancorp and the Bank are required to file various reports with and are subject to examination by various regulators, including the FRB, the OCC, the CFPB and the FDIC. Federal and state laws and regulations define the Bancorp s and the Bank s permissible activities and requirements governing risk management practices, among other matters. Violations of laws and regulations, or other unsafe and unsound practices, may result in regulatory agencies imposing fines or penalties, cease and desist orders, or taking other enforcement actions. Under certain circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against officers, directors, employees and other parties participating in the affairs of the Bancorp or the Bank. Applicable state and federal laws also grant regulators the authority to impose additional requirements and restrictions on the activities of the Bancorp and the Bank and, in some situations, the imposition of such additional requirements and restrictions will not be publicly available information. The following discussion describes certain elements of the comprehensive regulatory framework applicable to the Bancorp, the Bank and its other subsidiaries and is not intended to describe all applicable laws and regulations. Acquisitions The BHCA requires prior approval of the FRB for a BHC to acquire substantially all the assets of a bank or to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of any class of the voting shares of any bank, BHC or savings association, or to merge or consolidate with any BHC. The BHCA generally prohibits a BHC from engaging in, or acquiring a direct or indirect interest in or control of more than 5% of any class of the voting shares of a company that is not a bank or a BHC that engages directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to its banking subsidiaries, except that it may engage in and may own shares of 21 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents companies engaged in certain activities the FRB has determined to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be proper incident thereto. Financial Holding Companies The Bancorp is registered as a BHC with the FRB under the BHCA and qualifies for and has elected to become an FHC. As an FHC, the Bancorp is permitted to engage directly or indirectly in a broader range of activities than those permitted for a BHC under the BHCA. Permitted activities for an FHC include activities that are determined to be financial in nature, as well as those incidental or, if determined by the FRB, complementary to financial activities. A BHC may elect to become an FHC if the BHC is well-capitalized and is well managed and each of its banking subsidiaries is well-capitalized, is well managed and has at least a Satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act ( CRA ). Failure to meet such requirements could result in material restrictions on the activities of the FHC and may also adversely affect the FHC s ability to engage in mergers and acquisitions, as well as loss of FHC status. Enhanced Prudential Standards, Tailored Capital and Liquidity Requirements Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( Dodd-Frank ) and legislation modifying Dodd-Frank, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act of 2018, the regulators adopted rules that apply certain enhanced prudential standards ( EPS ) and enhanced capital and liquidity requirements to BHCs and banks, such as the Bancorp and the Bank, with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets (the Tailoring Rules ). The Tailoring Rules establish four risk-based categories of institutions, and the extent to which EPS and certain other capital and liquidity requirements apply depends on the banking organization s category. Under the Tailoring Rules, the Bancorp and the Bank each qualify as a Category IV banking organization subject to the least restrictive of the requirements applicable to firms with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets. Requirements for a Category IV institution include: risk management and risk committee requirements; specified liquidity risk management, stress testing, buffer and reporting requirements; a biennial supervisory stress test in even years with public disclosures; eligibility for standardized approach capital requirements; application of a stress capital buffer updated biennially; non-application of the countercyclical capital buffer or supplementary leverage ratio applicable to larger institutions; and calibrated liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio requirements. For institutions with $250 billion or more in total consolidated assets, known as Category III institutions, more stringent additional requirements apply, including: prescribed liquidity risk limits, enhanced collateral monitoring frequency and intraday liquidity risk monitoring; more frequent liquidity stress tests and reporting; annual supervisory stress tests with public disclosure; biennial company-run stress tests with public disclosure plus annual internal stress tests; application of single counterparty credit limits; potential application of a countercyclical capital buffer; a supplementary leverage ratio; and enhanced liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio requirements. After the acquisition of Comerica Incorporated, the Bancorp and the Bank expect to become Category III institutions by the end of 2026 and do not expect any material financial impacts associated with this transition. Additionally, after the acquisition, the Bancorp and the Bank expect to meet or exceed all risk-based capital and leverage ratio requirements under the capital adequacy rules (see Regulatory Capital Requirements below). Dividends The Bancorp is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries and depends primarily upon dividends received from its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including the Bank, to fund its activities, including debt service and capital distributions, such as dividends or share repurchases. Federal law limits the extent to which the Bank can declare and pay dividends to the Bancorp, including pursuant to regulatory capital requirements, general regulatory oversight to prevent unsafe or unsound practices, and requirements concerning the payment of dividends out of net profits, surplus and available earnings. Certain contractual restrictions also may limit the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Bancorp. No assurances can be given that the Bank will pay dividends to the Bancorp. The Bancorp s ability to declare and pay dividends is similarly limited by federal banking law and FRB regulations and policy. The FRB has authority to prohibit BHCs from making capital distributions if they would be deemed to be an unsafe or unsound practice. The FRB has indicated generally that it may be an unsafe or unsound practice for BHCs to pay dividends unless a BHC s net income is sufficient to fund the dividends and the expected rate of earnings retention is consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. In addition, the Bancorp s ability to make capital distributions, including paying dividends and repurchasing shares, is subject to the Bancorp complying with the automatic restrictions on capital distributions under the FRB s capital adequacy rules (see Regulatory Capital Requirements below). Source of Strength A BHC, including the Bancorp, is expected to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to each of its banking subsidiaries and to commit resources to their support. This support may be required at times when the BHC may not have the resources to provide it or when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of the Bancorp or its shareholders or creditors. Regulators may require a BHC to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the BHC with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices if the BHC fails to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank or if it undertakes actions that the FRB believes might jeopardize the BHC s ability to commit resources to such subsidiary bank. Loans by the Bancorp to the Bank would be subordinate in right of payment to deposits and certain other debts of the Bank. In the event of the Bancorp s bankruptcy, any commitment by the Bancorp to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of the Bank would be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 22 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents FDIC Assessments The DIF provides insurance coverage for certain deposits, up to a standard maximum deposit insurance amount of $250,000 per depositor per account ownership category per bank and is funded through assessments on insured depository institutions, based on the risk each institution poses to the DIF. The Bank accepts customer deposits that are insured by the DIF and, therefore, must pay insurance premiums. In response to the bank failures that occurred in the first half of 2023, the FDIC issued a final rule for a special deposit insurance assessment on banking organizations with greater than $5 billion in assets to recover the losses to the DIF associated with protecting uninsured depositors. The estimate of the cost associated with protecting the uninsured depositors will continue to be subject to periodic adjustment until the final loss amount is determined by the FDIC. The Bancorp expects to remit the final quarterly payment of the special assessment at the end of the first quarter of 2026 and believes the related expense has been fully recognized as of December 31, 2025. Transactions with Affiliates Federal banking laws restrict transactions between the Bank and its affiliates, including the Bancorp. Restrictions include limits on extensions of credit to affiliates, investments in the securities of affiliates, purchases of assets from affiliates and certain other transactions with affiliates. Credit transactions with affiliates must be collateralized and transactions with affiliates must be on market terms or better for the Bank. Generally, covered transactions with any affiliate are limited to 10% of the Bank s capital stock and surplus and covered transactions with all affiliates are limited to 20% of the Bank s capital stock and surplus. These laws also apply to the credit exposure arising under derivative transactions, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing and lending transactions. Federal banking laws also place restrictions on extensions of credit by the Bank to its directors, executive officers and principal shareholders. Community Reinvestment Act The CRA generally requires insured depository institutions, including the Bank, to make loans and investments and provide services that meet the credit needs of communities they serve. The Bank is evaluated periodically by the OCC with respect to CRA obligations and must maintain comprehensive records of its CRA activities for purposes of these examinations to permit the OCC to evaluate its record of performance in meeting the credit needs of the entire community served, including low-and moderate-income neighborhoods. The OCC rates each institution s compliance with the CRA as Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve or Substantial Noncompliance. The Bank s most recent CRA performance rating was Outstanding. The CRA requires the relevant federal bank regulatory agency to consider a bank s CRA assessment when considering an application to conduct certain transactions or to open or relocate a branch office. An unsatisfactory CRA record could substantially delay or result in the denial of an approval or application by the Bancorp or the Bank. Regulatory Capital Requirements The Bancorp and the Bank are subject to risk-based capital and leverage ratio requirements under the capital adequacy rules (the Capital Rules ) adopted by the FRB for the Bancorp and by the OCC for the Bank. These requirements are minimums, and the FRB and OCC may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity, or risk profile, must maintain a higher level of capital to operate in a safe and sound manner. Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on the Bancorp s operations or financial condition. Such failure could also result in restrictions on the Bancorp s or the Bank s ability to pay dividends or otherwise distribute capital or to receive regulatory approval of applications. Under the Capital Rules, certain on- and off-balance sheet exposures of the Bancorp and the Bank are subject to risk weights used to determine risk-weighted assets. These risk-weighted assets are used to calculate the following minimum capital ratios for the Bancorp and the Bank: Common Equity Tier 1 ( CET1 ) risk-based capital ratio, equal to the ratio of CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets. CET1 capital primarily includes common shareholders equity subject to certain regulatory adjustments and deductions, including with respect to goodwill, intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets and accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ). The Bancorp has elected to exclude certain AOCI components, with the result that those components are not recognized in the Bancorp s CET1 capital. Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, equal to the ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets. Tier 1 capital is primarily comprised of CET1 capital, noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and certain other qualifying capital instruments. Total risk-based capital ratio, equal to the ratio of total capital, including CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital, to risk-weighted assets. Tier 2 capital primarily includes qualifying subordinated debt and qualifying allowance for credit losses ( ACL ) up to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted assets. Leverage ratio, equal to the ratio of Tier 1 capital to quarterly average assets (net of goodwill or any other assets that the U.S. banking agencies determine should be deducted from Tier 1 capital. Under the Capital Rules, an institution s eligible retained income, when considered in conjunction with capital ratios and the stress capital buffer, provides limitations on capital distributions (including dividends and share repurchases) and certain executive compensation arrangements for the quarter following the calculation. As of December 31, 2025, these limitations did not have an impact on the Bancorp s executive compensation arrangements or ability to make capital distributions. 23 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents Additionally, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (the FDICIA ), among other things, requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action regarding depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. The FDICIA establishes five regulatory capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution s capital tier depends upon how its capital levels compare to various relevant capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. The FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. The FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive restraints on operations, management and capital distributions depending on the category in which an institution is classified. Undercapitalized depository institutions are subject to various restrictions on borrowing from the Federal Reserve System, among other limitations. For purposes of the FRB s Regulation Y, including determining whether a BHC meets the requirements to be an FHC, BHCs, such as the Bancorp, must maintain a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio of 6.0% or greater and a Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio of 10.0% or greater. If the FRB were to apply the same or a very similar well-capitalized standard to BHCs as that applicable to the Bank, the Bancorp s capital ratios as of December 31, 2025 would exceed such revised well-capitalized standard. The FRB may require BHCs, including the Bancorp, to maintain capital ratios substantially in excess of mandated minimum levels, depending upon general economic conditions and a BHC s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans. For more information related to regulatory capital requirements and the Bancorp s and the Bank s capital ratios, refer to Note 29 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Capital Planning and Stress Testing The FRB s capital plan rule requires BHCs with $100 billion or more in consolidated assets, including the Bancorp, to develop and maintain a capital plan approved by the Board of Directors on an annual basis. The mandatory elements of the capital plan are an assessment of the expected uses and sources of capital over a nine-quarter planning horizon, a description of all planned capital actions over the planning horizon, a discussion of any expected changes to the BHC s business plan that are likely to have a material impact on its capital adequacy or liquidity, a detailed description of the BHC s process for assessing capital adequacy and the BHC s capital policy. The FRB annually evaluates capital adequacy, internal capital adequacy assessment processes and capital distribution plans of BHCs with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets. The evaluation process is intended to help ensure that those BHCs have robust, forward-looking capital planning processes that account for each company s unique risks and that permit continued operations during times of economic and financial stress. Category IV BHCs, including the Bancorp, are subject to the FRB supervisory stress test process every two years, with the next required assessment in 2026. The Bancorp s most recent required assessment was completed in 2024. These supervisory stress tests are forward-looking quantitative evaluations of the impact of stressful economic and financial market conditions on capital and are used to calibrate the Bancorp s stress capital buffer requirement. Stress Buffer Requirements The Bancorp is subject to the stress capital buffer requirement and must maintain capital ratios above the sum of its minimum risk-based capital ratios and the stress capital buffer to avoid certain limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses to executive officers. The FRB uses the supervisory stress test to determine the Bancorp s stress capital buffer, subject to a floor of 2.5%. The Bancorp s stress capital buffer under the FRB severely adverse scenario was 3.2% as of both December 31, 2025 and 2024. The Bancorp s capital ratios have exceeded the stress capital buffer requirement for all periods presented. For more information related to the stress capital buffer, refer to Note 29 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Heightened Governance and Risk Management Standards The OCC has published guidelines documenting expectations for the governance and risk management practices of certain large financial institutions, including the Bank. The guidelines require covered institutions to establish and adhere to a written governance framework to manage and control their risk-taking activities. In addition, the guidelines provide standards for the institutions boards of directors to oversee the risk governance framework. The Bank currently has a written governance framework and associated controls. On December 23, 2025, the OCC proposed to increase the threshold for application of these guidelines to apply only to national banks with average total consolidated assets of $700 billion. Privacy and Data Security Regulators have adopted guidelines for safeguarding confidential personal customer information. The guidelines require financial institutions to create, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information. In addition, various regulators have increased their focus on cybersecurity through guidance, examinations and regulations. The Bancorp has adopted an information security program that has been approved by the Bancorp s Board of Directors. For more information related to cybersecurity, refer to Item 1C of this Annual Report. The GLBA requires financial institutions to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about consumers. In general, the statute requires explanations to consumers on policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such 24 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents nonpublic personal information and, except as otherwise required by law, prohibits disclosing such information except as provided in the banking subsidiary s policies and procedures. The Bank has implemented a privacy policy. States are also increasingly proposing or enacting legislation that relates to data privacy and data protection such as the California Consumer Privacy Act. The Bancorp continues to assess the requirements of such laws and proposed legislation and their applicability. The Fair Credit Reporting Act also regulates reporting information to credit bureaus, prescreening individuals for credit offers, sharing of information between affiliates and using affiliate data for marketing purposes. Similar state laws may impose additional requirements on the Bancorp and its subsidiaries. Anti-Money Laundering and Economic Sanctions The Bancorp is subject to federal laws that are designed to counter money laundering and terrorist financing and transactions with certain persons, companies or foreign governments sanctioned by the U.S. These laws obligate depository institutions and broker-dealers to verify their customers identity, conduct customer due diligence, report on suspicious activity, file reports of transactions in currency and conduct enhanced due diligence on certain accounts. They also prohibit U.S. persons from engaging in transactions with certain designated restricted countries and persons. Depository institutions and broker-dealers are required by their regulators to maintain robust policies and procedures to ensure compliance with these obligations. Failure to comply with these laws or maintain an adequate compliance program can lead to significant monetary penalties and reputational damage and regulators evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering when determining whether to approve a proposed bank merger, acquisition, restructuring or other expansionary activity. Further, enforcement actions with respect to these laws can result in substantial penalties, including criminal pleas. The Bancorp s Board of Directors has approved policies and procedures that the Bancorp believes comply with these laws. Debit Card Interchange Fees Pursuant to rules implemented by the FRB, interchange transaction fees for electronic debit transactions are limited to 21 cents plus 0.05% of the transaction, plus an additional qualifying one cent per transaction fraud-prevention adjustment. These rules impose requirements regarding routing and network transaction processing. On October 25, 2023, the FRB proposed to lower the maximum interchange fee that a large debit card issuer can receive for a debit card transaction. The proposal would also establish a regular process for updating the maximum amount every other year going forward. The FRB s final decision on whether to enact its proposal has since been placed on hold pending the conclusion of current litigation disputing the FRB s authority to enact key provisions of the regulation that governs debit card interchange fees. Fifth Third continues to monitor the development of these proposed rule revisions and the corresponding litigation. Resolution Planning The Bank is subject to resolution planning requirements enacted by the FDIC. In June 2024, the FDIC Board of Directors approved a final rule to amend its resolution plan requirements that largely apply to insured depository institutions with more than $100 billion in assets, including the Bank. This rule requires submission of comprehensive resolution plans that meet enhanced standards every three years and interim submissions in intervening years. The final rule took effect on October 1, 2024, and the Bank submitted its resolution plan as required prior to the July 1, 2025 deadline. Recovery Planning On October 21, 2024, the OCC amended its enforceable Recovery Planning Guidelines to apply to banks with at least $100 billion in assets, such as the Bank, effective January 1, 2025, subject to a twelve-month compliance period. On October 27, 2025, the OCC requested comment on a proposal to rescind its recovery planning guidelines for certain large insured national banks, federal savings associations and federal branches. If adopted as proposed, the recovery planning guidelines that went into effect January 1, 2025 and applied to banks with at least $100 billion in assets, including the Bank, would be rescinded. Broadly, the Recovery Planning Guidelines, as amended in 2024, require a recovery plan that includes indicators of the risk or existence of severe stress that reflect the Bank s particular vulnerabilities, credible options the Bank could undertake in response to restore its financial strength and viability and an assessment and description of how these options would affect the Bank. Recovery plans must also address overall organizational and legal entity structure and related interconnections and interdependencies, procedures for escalating decision-making, management reports, communication procedures and any other information the OCC requires. Regulatory Regime for Derivatives Title VII of Dodd-Frank imposes a registration regime and regulatory structure on the over-the-counter derivatives market, including requirements for clearing, exchange trading, capital margin, segregation trade reporting, position limits, business conduct standards and recordkeeping. Title VII also requires certain persons to register as a swap dealer or a security-based swap dealer. The Bank is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC ) as a swap dealer. The CFTC, SEC and regulators have finalized the rules implementing Title VII applicable to the over-the-counter derivatives markets and swap dealers. As a CFTC registered swap dealer, the Bank is subject to the requirements of Title VII, including rules related to internal and external business conduct standards, reporting, recordkeeping, mandatory clearing for certain swaps and trade documentation and confirmation requirements. In addition, regulators require 25 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents the Bank to comply with rules regarding mandatory posting, collection and segregation of margin by certain swap counterparties and capital requirements. The Bank is not registered as a security-based swap dealer. Broker-Dealer and Investment Adviser Regulation Fifth Third s broker-dealer and investment adviser subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the SEC. Financial Industry Regulation Authority ( FINRA ) is the primary self-regulatory organization for Fifth Third s registered broker-dealer subsidiary. Fifth Third s broker-dealer and investment adviser subsidiaries are also subject to additional regulation by states or local jurisdictions. The SEC and FINRA have active enforcement functions that oversee broker-dealers and investment advisers and can bring actions that result in fines, restitution, limitation on permitted activities, disqualification to continue to conduct certain activities and an inability to rely on certain favorable exemptions. In addition, certain changes in the activities of a broker-dealer require approval from FINRA, and FINRA considers a variety of factors in acting upon applications for such approval, including internal controls, capital levels, management experience and quality, prior enforcement and disciplinary history and supervisory concerns. Consumer Protection Regulation and Supervision The Bancorp is subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB with respect to federal consumer protection laws. The Bancorp is also subject to certain state consumer protection laws, and under Dodd-Frank, state attorneys general and other state officials are empowered to enforce certain federal consumer protection laws and regulations. These federal and state consumer protection laws apply to a broad range of Fifth Third s activities and to various aspects of its business and include laws relating to interest rates, fair lending, disclosures of credit terms and estimated transaction costs to consumer borrowers, debt collection practices, the use of and the provision of information to consumer reporting agencies, and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. The CFPB has promulgated many mortgage-related final rules, including rules related to the ability to repay and qualified mortgage standards, mortgage servicing standards, loan originator compensation standards, high-cost mortgage requirements, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act requirements and appraisal and escrow standards for higher priced mortgages. The mortgage-related final rules issued by the CFPB materially restructured the origination, servicing and securitization of residential mortgages in the U.S. These rules impact the business practices of mortgage lenders, including the Bank. Future Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives Federal and state legislators as well as regulatory agencies may introduce or enact new laws and rules, or amend existing laws and rules, which may affect the regulation of financial institutions and their holding companies. The regulatory agencies may seek to apply higher standards to the Bancorp and the Bank than as required by law, through supervision. The impact of any future legislative or regulatory changes, or supervisory direction, cannot be predicted. However, such changes could affect the Bancorp s business, financial condition and results of operations. Available Information The Bancorp files reports with the SEC. Those reports include the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and an annual proxy statement, as well as any amendments to those reports. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The Bancorp s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, annual proxy statement and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are accessible at no cost on the Bancorp s Investor Relations website at ir.53.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Investor information and press releases can also be viewed at ir.53.com. Website references in this Annual Report are merely textual references. Information on or accessible through Fifth Third s website is not deemed to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information about the Bancorp s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (as amended from time to time), is available on Fifth Third s corporate website at www.53.com. In addition, any future waivers from a provision of the Fifth Third Code of Business Conduct and Ethics covering any of Fifth Third s directors or executive officers (including Fifth Third s principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller) will be posted at this website. 26 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risks and uncertainties listed below present risks that could have a material impact on the Bancorp s business, financial condition or results of operations. Some of these risks and uncertainties are interrelated and the occurrence of one or more of them may exacerbate the effect of others. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones Fifth Third faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Fifth Third or that Fifth Third currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. Refer to page 19 for cautionary information regarding forward-looking statements. CREDIT RISKS Deteriorating credit quality has adversely impacted Fifth Third in the past and may adversely impact Fifth Third in the future. When Fifth Third lends money or commits to lend money, the Bancorp incurs credit risk, or the risk of loss if borrowers do not repay their loans, leases, credit cards, derivative obligations or other credit obligations. The performance of these credit portfolios significantly affects the Bancorp s financial results and condition, including the level of credit losses and reserves for credit losses. Fifth Third s credit risk and credit losses can increase if its loans are concentrated among individual borrowers, borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries or geographies, or to borrowers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. Refer to the Credit Risk Management subsection of the Risk Management section in Item 7 of this Annual Report for more information on specific concentrations. Fifth Third reserves for expected credit losses by establishing an allowance for credit losses through a charge to earnings. The amount of this allowance is based on Fifth Third s assessment of credit losses expected to be incurred in the credit portfolios, including unfunded commitments, and requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments about the environment, including analysis of economic or market conditions that may impair the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. Fifth Third may underestimate the credit losses expected to be incurred in its portfolios and have credit losses in excess of the amount reserved. Alternatively, Fifth Third may increase the reserve because of changing economic or market conditions, including inflation, interest rate fluctuations, higher unemployment, or other factors such as changing protections in credit agreements or changes in borrowers behavior. Fifth Third believes that both the ALLL and reserve for unfunded commitments are adequate to cover expected losses at December 31, 2025. However there is no assurance that they will be sufficient to cover all potential future credit losses associated with exposures existing at December 31, 2025, especially if economic conditions decline. Problems encountered by other financial institutions could adversely affect financial markets generally and have direct and indirect adverse effects on Fifth Third. Fifth Third has exposure to counterparties in the financial services industry and other industries and routinely executes transactions with such counterparties, which may expose Fifth Third to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. In addition, Fifth Third s credit risk may be affected when the collateral it holds cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. The commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between the institutions. As a result, concerns about, or a default or threatened default by, one institution could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, losses or defaults by other institutions. This is sometimes referred to as systemic risk and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges, with which the Bancorp interacts on a daily basis, and therefore could adversely affect Fifth Third. Inability to refinance in public or private capital markets could cause a default that impacts Fifth Third borrowers. Some Fifth Third customers rely on additional sources of capital from outside the Bancorp. If public or private capital markets are disrupted or unavailable to these borrowers such that they cannot obtain funds for refinancing, those borrowers may experience a shortfall that would leave them unable to honor short-term and/or long-term obligations to the Bancorp. LIQUIDITY RISKS Fifth Third must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity. Fifth Third must maintain adequate funding sources in the normal course of business to support its operations and fund outstanding liabilities, as well as meet regulatory expectations. Fifth Third primarily relies on bank deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding for the loans it makes and the operation of its business. Core deposits, which include transaction deposits and certificates of deposit $250,000 or less, have historically provided Fifth Third with a sizeable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds (average core deposits funded 77% of average total assets for the year ended December 31, 2025). In addition to customer deposits, sources of liquidity include investments in the securities portfolio, Fifth Third s sale or securitization of loans in secondary markets, the pledging of loans and investment securities to access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB and the FRB and Fifth Third s ability to raise funds in money markets and capital markets. Fifth Third s liquidity and ability to fund and operate its business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruptions and volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or the ability to access capital markets on favorable terms. 27 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents Other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect Fifth Third s liquidity and funding include: a lack of market or customer confidence in Fifth Third or negative news about Fifth Third, regional banks or the financial services industry generally, which also may result in a loss of customer deposits and/or negatively affect Fifth Third s ability to access the capital markets; the loss of customer deposits due to competition from other banks or due to alternative investments; inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets; increased collateral requirements including those driven by a decline in the market value of the financial instruments; increased regulatory requirements; reductions in one or more of Fifth Third s agency ratings; increased utilization of revolving lines of credit by customers; and systematic failure of financial market utilities relied upon by Fifth Third to settle intrabank payment activity. Many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which Fifth Third has little or no control. There can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur again in the future. Fifth Third may also need to raise additional capital and liquidity through the issuance of stock, which could dilute the ownership of existing stockholders, or reduce or even eliminate common stock dividends or share repurchases to preserve capital and liquidity. Fifth Third and/or the holders of its securities could be adversely affected by unfavorable ratings from rating agencies. Fifth Third s access to capital markets is a key component of its funding strategy and is influenced by ratings assigned by rating agencies to Fifth Third, certain of its subsidiaries and particular classes of securities they issue. These ratings also affect the interest rates that Fifth Third pays when issuing new debt securities. A downgrade to Fifth Third or its subsidiaries credit rating could limit its access to the capital markets, affect its ability to retain deposits, cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements, increase its borrowing costs and reduce profitability. Additionally, downgrades may trigger obligations or create liabilities under the terms of Fifth Third s existing arrangements that could increase costs, impair the marketability of affected securities, prompt further downgrades and otherwise have a negative effect on Fifth Third s financial condition or results of operations. There can be no assurances that Fifth Third or its subsidiaries will retain any specific rating from any specific rating agency. If Fifth Third is unable to maintain or grow its deposits, it may be subject to paying higher funding costs. The total amount that Fifth Third pays for funding costs is dependent, in part, on Fifth Third s ability to maintain or grow its deposits. If Fifth Third is unable to sufficiently maintain or grow its deposits to meet liquidity objectives, it may be subject to paying higher funding costs. Fifth Third competes with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits, Fifth Third s funding costs may increase, either because Fifth Third raises rates to avoid losing deposits or because Fifth Third loses deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Also, customers typically move money from bank deposits to alternative investments during rising interest rate environments. Customers may also move noninterest-bearing deposits to interest-bearing accounts increasing the cost of those deposits. Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return trade-off. Fifth Third s bank customers could take their money out of the Bank and put it in alternative investments, causing Fifth Third to lose a lower-cost source of funding. Higher funding costs reduce Fifth Third s net interest margin and net interest income. The Bancorp s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries accounts for most of its revenue and could affect its liquidity and ability to pay dividends. The Bancorp is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries and typically receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on the Bancorp s stock and interest and principal on its debt. The ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments or distributions depends on their respective operating results and may be restricted by, among other things, regulatory constraints, prevailing economic conditions (including interest rates) and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Bancorp. Regulatory scrutiny of liquidity and capital levels at BHCs and banks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on all aspects of capital planning, including dividends and other distributions. In addition, the Bancorp s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary s creditors. Regulatory limitations on the Bancorp s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries, economic conditions and other financial or business factors could have a material adverse effect on the Bancorp s liquidity and ability to pay dividends on stock or interest and principal on its debt and to engage in share repurchases. For further information, refer to Regulation and Supervision in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 28 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents OPERATIONAL RISKS Fifth Third s business is dependent on the availability and performance of operational and information technology systems, including those provided by third-party service providers. Interruptions or failures could materially adversely affect operations. Fifth Third s operations depend on operational and information technology systems, including financial, accounting, transaction-execution, and other operational systems, as well as devices, hardware, and networks supporting those systems, all of which may be operated by both Fifth Third and/or by third-party service providers. Failure, disruption, interruption or outage to any system may cause disruptions in critical business operations such as the ability to use accounting, deposit, loan, payment and other systems. It could also cause unfavorable effects to clients and customers, including delays or other disruptions in services, limitations on Fifth Third s ability to collect data needed for its business, inability to settle or clear transactions, the possibility that fund transfers are completed erroneously and fraudulent transactions. While Fifth Third invests in automation and emerging technologies such as AI, to prevent, detect and remedy any interruptions or failures, manual oversight remains a critical component of its risk mitigation strategy. Exception handling and control testing are employed to help identify and remediate errors that may not be captured through automated processes. Despite these controls, failures are still possible and could result in operational disruptions or financial loss. In addition, any security compromise or information technology system disruptions in the financial services industry could interrupt Fifth Third s business or operations, harm its reputation, erode borrower confidence, negatively affect Fifth Third s ability to attract new members, or subject it to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could adversely affect Fifth Third s business and results of operations. Risks of operational failures, disruptions or outages in Fifth Third s operational and information technology systems, and those provided by third-party providers, can result from a variety of factors, only some of which may be wholly or partially within the control of Fifth Third, its third-party providers or the financial services industry more generally. Such events could affect Fifth Third s systems or limit Fifth Third s ability to use information technology due to effects on underlying infrastructure. Although Fifth Third regularly updates and replaces systems that it depends on, financial institutions generally continue to utilize some older systems alongside newer systems. Causes of system failures, disruptions or outages may be difficult to detect. While the Bancorp believes that its current business continuity plans are adequate, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential risks to Fifth Third, its customers or its clients. Third-party service providers with which Fifth Third does business, as well as vendors and other third parties with which Fifth Third s customers do business, can also be sources of operational risk to Fifth Third, particularly where processes are highly concentrated or customer activities are beyond Fifth Third s security and control systems, such as through the use of the internet, personal computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile services. Fifth Third could also be held responsible for the failure of third-party service providers, as well as other third parties, to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. Any failures or disruptions of Fifth Third s systems or operations, including in connection with outages or disruptions of systems provided by third parties, could adversely affect Fifth Third s business and results of operations by subjecting Fifth Third to losses or liability, among other negative impacts, including reputational harm, litigation, regulatory fines or penalties or losses not covered by insurance. Fifth Third and its service providers are exposed to cybersecurity risks, including risk of cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, which create both operational and reputational risk for the Bank and its customers across all lines of business. Fifth Third s business is conducted primarily via digital and information technology systems. This includes the use of digital applications, cloud computing and third- and fourth-party providers that host and store customer, employee and operational information. Failures, service interruptions, breaches or attempted breaches in the security of these environments occur frequently across the financial services industry including at Fifth Third and its third- and fourth-party providers. If a material event of this nature occurred at Fifth Third or one of its third- or fourth-party providers, it could result in disruptions to Fifth Third s accounting, deposit, lending and other systems, and adversely affect its customer relationships. Fifth Third invests in information security, technical resiliency, business continuity and disaster recovery planning, and has policies and procedures designed to detect, limit, and prevent the impact of these possible events, and requires its third-party service providers to maintain similar controls. Despite this, there can be no assurance that any cyber-attacks, security breaches or system failures or interruptions will not occur or, if any do occur, that it can be remediated in such a way to eliminate the risk. Financial institutions are the targets of frequent efforts to breach systems, including through denial of service attacks, social engineering such as phishing and smishing, placement of insider threats, and ransomware, among others. Moreover, because the techniques used to cause such security breaches change frequently, may not be recognized until launched against a target and may originate from remote and less regulated areas around the world, Fifth Third may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. The increasing interdependence and complexity of financial institutions and infrastructure also means a disruption, compromise or failure that 29 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents affects one segment of the financial services industry could also impact Fifth Third. The prospect that AI may be used to conduct attacks may make them more difficult to detect. Additionally, the growing sophistication of AI increases the risk of cyber-attacks. Despite Fifth Third s efforts to prevent a cyber-attack, a successful cyber-attack could persist for an extended period before being detected and, following detection, it could take considerable time for Fifth Third to obtain full and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount and type of information compromised. During an investigation, Fifth Third may not necessarily know the full effects of the incident or how to remediate it, and actions and decisions that are taken or made in an effort to mitigate risk may further increase the costs and other negative consequences of the incident. Additionally, Fifth Third uses third- and fourth-party providers to host data, products, services, systems or platforms for Fifth Third, or in some cases to provide services to Fifth Third domestically and internationally. Fifth Third has a third-party risk program to oversee third- and fourth-party providers. This does not eliminate all risk and its failure to do so could result in customer losses, operational issues, litigation, regulatory actions and reputational damage. Even with reasonable investment and diligence by Fifth Third, Fifth Third s ability to prevent cyber-attacks, security breaches or system failures or interruptions impacting its third- and fourth-party service providers may be limited. Financial services industry trends demonstrate a shift towards the use of cloud providers, Software as a Service partners and hosted platforms rather than traditional software services that can be operated from within a company s firewall and data centers. The risks relating to security and availability of Fifth Third s systems are further heightened through the increasing use of near real-time money movement solutions such as Zelle, and increase the difficulty to detect, prevent and recover fraudulent transactions. While controls are robust, the speed and automation of these systems introduce a risk of erroneous transactions that could result in financial loss. These additional risks are increasing the costs of Fifth Third s investment in technology and cybersecurity and require further investment in cyber-related and data loss event insurance which Fifth Third has in place. Though Fifth Third has insurance against some cybersecurity risks and attacks, it may not be sufficient to offset the impact of a material loss event; and, Fifth Third cannot guarantee that cybersecurity insurance policies will not deny coverage, or that existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms. Future investment in these areas could have higher than expected costs and/or result in operating inefficiencies, which could increase the costs associated with the implementation as well as ongoing operations. Further, clients and customers use their own devices to utilize mobile banking and online services. Not all of Fifth Third s clients, customers or counterparties have appropriate controls in place to protect information exchanged between them and Fifth Third. This may create new security risks and increase the likelihood of security incidents impacting customers information. Customers information may not always be protected by third-party applications or other third-party technology used in connection with such services. This can result and has resulted in fraud. A security breach impacting systems operated by or on behalf of Fifth Third, or the loss or corruption of confidential information such as customer data, business results, and transaction records could adversely impact Fifth Third in numerous material ways, including by requiring public notification about the incident, causing financial losses, impacting Fifth Third s ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, all of which could result in regulatory sanctions, litigation, reputational harm, monetary loss and the loss of customer confidence in Fifth Third. Additionally, security breaches involving the loss, mishandling, theft or corruption of customer or client information could result in adverse consequences including financial losses to Fifth Third's customers, litigation, regulatory sanctions, lost customers and revenue, increased costs and reputational harm. For more detail on Fifth Third s cybersecurity governance structure and practices, see Item 1C of this Annual Report. Fifth Third may not be able to effectively manage organizational changes and implement key initiatives in a timely fashion, or at all, due to competing priorities which could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Fifth Third is subject to rapid changes in technology, regulation and product innovation, and faces intense competition for customers, sources of revenue, capital, services, qualified employees and other essential business resources. In order to meet these challenges, Fifth Third is or may be engaged in numerous critical strategic initiatives at the same time. Accomplishing these initiatives may be complex, time intensive and require significant financial, technological, management and other resources. These initiatives may consume management s attention and may compete for limited resources. In addition, organizational changes may need to be implemented throughout Fifth Third as a result of the new products, services, partnerships and processes that arise from the execution of these various strategic initiatives. Fifth Third may have difficulty managing these organizational changes and executing these initiatives effectively in a timely fashion, or at all. Fifth Third s failure to do so could expose it to litigation or regulatory action and may damage Fifth Third s business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Fifth Third may not be able to successfully implement future information technology system enhancements, which could adversely affect Fifth Third s business operations and profitability. Fifth Third invests significant resources in information technology system enhancements in order to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level for ongoing product development and process re-engineering. Fifth Third may not be able to acquire or protect rights to its licensed or owned intellectual property or successfully implement and integrate future system enhancements, which could adversely impact the ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which could result in sanctions from regulatory authorities. Such sanctions could include fines and result in reputational harm and have other negative effects. Failure to properly utilize system enhancements that are implemented in the future could result in impairment charges that adversely impact 30 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents Fifth Third s financial condition and results of operations and could result in significant costs to remediate or replace the defective components. In addition, Fifth Third may become involved in licensing disputes or other litigation related to intellectual property or incur significant training, licensing, maintenance, consulting, depreciation expense and amortization expenses during and after systems implementations, and any such costs may continue for an extended period of time. A failure to maintain or enhance Fifth Third s competitive position with respect to technology, whether because of a failure to anticipate client expectations or other necessary changes, a failure in the performance of technological developments or an untimely roll out of developments, may cause Fifth Third to lose market share or incur additional expense. New technological advancements, such as AI, may subject Fifth Third to additional risks. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, and an established and growing demand for mobile and other phone and computer banking applications. Fifth Third s future success depends, in part, upon Fifth Third s ability to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in its operations. Fifth Third s competitors may have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. Fifth Third may not be able to effectively implement new technology driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third s business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, Fifth Third may utilize new technology, such as AI, in connection with its business and operations. AI may be developed internally by Fifth Third, or may be provided to Fifth Third by third- or fourth-party service providers. Any such new technology could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of Fifth Third s system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business, products or services and/or technologies could have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third s business, financial condition and results of operations. AI may introduce Fifth Third to novel or intensified legal, regulatory, ethical, operational, reputational or other risks. AI models employed by Fifth Third or its service providers might be flawed due to improper design, implementation, or training or outputs based on data or algorithms that are incomplete, inadequate, misleading, biased or of poor quality. These flaws may not be easily identifiable. Additionally, there is no certainty that Fifth Third s use of AI will successfully enhance its business operations or achieve its intended outcomes, and its competitors may adopt AI more swiftly or effectively than Fifth Third does. AI usage is subject to a range of existing laws and regulations. AI is also expected to be governed by new laws and regulations, or new applications of existing laws and regulations. AI is under ongoing scrutiny by various governmental and regulatory bodies, with federal, state and international authorities either implementing or considering legal frameworks that could impact Fifth Third s ability to leverage AI effectively. Fifth Third may find it challenging to predict and adapt to these rapidly evolving legal requirements. Additionally, if Fifth Third does not possess adequate rights to the data or algorithms underpinning its AI solutions, or the outputs they generate, Fifth Third could face liabilities for breaching applicable laws and regulations. The limited experience with novel AI algorithms or applications within financial services generally, coupled with the swift pace of technological advancements and the rapid adoption of AI by Fifth Third s partners and competitors, may hinder Fifth Third s ability to effectively mitigate or detect these risks. Any perceived or actual shortcomings in addressing AI-related concerns could adversely affect Fifth Third s business and operations. Fifth Third may experience losses related to fraud, theft or violence. Fifth Third has experienced, and may experience again in the future, losses incurred due to customer or employee fraud, theft or physical violence. Additionally, physical violence may negatively affect Fifth Third s key personnel, facilities or systems. These losses may be material and negatively affect Fifth Third s financial condition, results of operations or prospects or lead to significant reputational risks and other effects. The industry fraud threat continues to evolve, including but not limited to strategies such as card fraud, check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, social engineering, the use of AI for impersonation and other schemes, malware and phishing attacks for identity theft and account takeover. Fifth Third continues to invest in fraud prevention in the forms of people and systems designed to prevent, detect and mitigate the customer and financial impacts. Fifth Third could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel. Fifth Third s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key individuals. Competition for qualified candidates is intense, which may increase Fifth Third s expenses and may result in Fifth Third not being able to hire candidates or retain them. If Fifth Third is not able to hire qualified candidates or retain its key personnel, Fifth Third may be unable to execute its business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to its business, financial condition and results of operations. Compensation paid by financial institutions such as Fifth Third is heavily regulated, particularly under Dodd-Frank, which affects the amount and form of compensation Fifth Third pays to hire and retain talented employees. If Fifth Third is unable to attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain its competitive position, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more expensive, Fifth Third s performance, including its competitive position, could be materially adversely affected. 31 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents LEGAL AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE RISKS Fifth Third and/or its affiliates are or may become involved from time to time in information-gathering requests, investigations and litigation, regulatory or other enforcement proceedings by various governmental regulatory agencies and law enforcement authorities, as well as self-regulatory agencies, which may lead to adverse consequences. Fifth Third and/or its affiliates are or may become involved from time to time in information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental regulatory agencies and law enforcement authorities, including but not limited to the FRB, OCC, CFPB, SEC, FINRA, U.S. Department of Justice, etc., as well as state and other governmental authorities and self-regulatory bodies, regarding their respective businesses. Also, a violation of law or regulation by another financial institution may give rise to an inquiry into or investigation by regulators or other authorities of the same or similar practices by Fifth Third. In addition, the complexity of the federal and state regulatory and enforcement regimes in the U.S. means that a single event or topic may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and regulatory proceedings. Furthermore, Fifth Third and certain of its directors and officers have been named from time to time as defendants in various class actions and other litigation relating to Fifth Third s business and activities, as well as regulatory or other enforcement proceedings. Past, present and future litigation have included or could include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Investigations by regulatory authorities may from time to time result in civil or criminal referrals to law enforcement. Enforcement authorities may seek admissions of wrongdoing and, in some cases, criminal pleas as part of the resolutions of matters, and any such resolution of a matter involving Fifth Third could lead to increased exposure to private litigation, adversely affect Fifth Third s reputation and result in limitations on Fifth Third s ability to do business in certain jurisdictions. Each of the matters described above may result in material adverse consequences, including without limitation, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other actions, amendments and/or restatements of Fifth Third s SEC filings and/or financial statements, as applicable, and/or determinations of material weaknesses in its disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, responding to information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the matter, could be time-consuming and expensive. Fifth Third is also subject to risk from potential employee misconduct and in some instances, may be held responsible for the failure of certain third parties, including service providers, vendors, business partners, customers or certain companies in which Fifth Third has invested, to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. Substantial legal liability or regulatory or other enforcement action against Fifth Third could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations and/or cause significant reputational harm to its business. The outcome of lawsuits and regulatory proceedings may be difficult to predict or estimate and may involve claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages. Although Fifth Third establishes accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, Fifth Third does not have accruals for all legal proceedings where it faces a risk of loss. In addition, amounts accrued may not represent the ultimate loss to Fifth Third from the legal proceedings in question. Thus, Fifth Third s ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies, which could adversely affect Fifth Third s results of operations. For further information on specific legal and regulatory proceedings, refer to Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Fifth Third is subject to extensive governmental regulation which could adversely impact Fifth Third or the businesses in which Fifth Third is engaged. Government regulation and legislation subject Fifth Third to restrictions, oversight and/or costs that may have an impact on Fifth Third s business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of its common stock. Fifth Third is subject to extensive federal and state regulation, supervision and legislation that govern almost all aspects of its operations and limit the businesses in which Fifth Third may engage. This includes many regulations related to Fifth Third s banking, investment banking, securities underwriting, market making, investment management and retail and institutional brokerage services businesses offered through the Bancorp s subsidiaries. These laws and regulations may change from time to time and are primarily intended for the protection of consumers, borrowers and depositors and are not designed to protect security-holders. Compliance with these laws and regulations has resulted in and will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on Fifth Third s results of operations. In addition, if Fifth Third does not comply with applicable legislation and regulations, Fifth Third may be subject to litigation, fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on its businesses, which could adversely affect operations and, in turn, financial results, or that materially adversely affect its shareholders. Future changes in laws or regulations or their interpretations or enforcement may also be materially adverse to Fifth Third and its shareholders or may require Fifth Third to expend significant time and resources to comply with such requirements. Similarly, the impact of domestic and international events related to financial crime such as fraud, money laundering and economic sanctions will continue to be an area of constant change, risk and regulatory focus which pose ongoing regulatory, compliance, operational and financial risks. Fifth Third cannot predict whether or what pending or future legislation will be adopted or the impact of any such new legislation on Fifth Third. Changes in regulation and supervisory and enforcement focus could affect Fifth Third in a substantial way and could have an adverse 32 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, legislation or regulatory reform could affect the behaviors of third parties that Fifth Third deals within the course of business, such as rating agencies, insurance companies and investors. Bank failures may create market volatility and regulatory uncertainty which could have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third s business and financial condition. In addition, changes in laws or regulations that affect Fifth Third s customers and business partners could negatively affect Fifth Third s revenues and expenses. Certain changes in laws or regulations such as tax law reforms that impose limitations on the deductibility of interest may decrease the demand for Fifth Third s products or services and could negatively affect its financial condition and results of operations. Heightened standards under new laws or regulations may result in increased obligations and compliance costs, may result in supervisory or enforcement action, and may factor into Fifth Third s ability to expand services and/or engage in new activities. Other changes in laws or regulations could cause Fifth Third s third-party service providers and other vendors to increase prices and negatively affect Fifth Third s expenses and financial results. Fifth Third could suffer from unauthorized use of intellectual property. Fifth Third develops for itself, and licenses from others, intellectual property for use in conducting its business. This intellectual property has been, and may be, subject to misappropriation or infringement by third parties as well as claims that Fifth Third s use of certain technology or other intellectual property infringes on rights owned by others. Fifth Third has been, and may be, subject to disputes and/or litigation concerning these claims and could be held responsible for significant damages covering past activities and substantial fees to continue to engage in these activities in the future. Fifth Third may also be unable to acquire rights to use certain intellectual property that is important for its business and may be unable to effectively engage in critical business activities. If Fifth Third is unable to protect or acquire rights to use intellectual property it owns or licenses, it may lose certain competitive advantages, incur expenses and/or lose revenue and may suffer harm to its business results and financial condition. Fifth Third is subject to various regulatory requirements that may limit its operations and potential growth. Under federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions and their holding companies, the FRB, the FDIC, the CFPB and the OCC have the authority to compel or restrict certain actions by the Bancorp and the Bank. The Bancorp and the Bank are subject to such supervisory authority and, more generally, must, in certain instances, obtain prior regulatory approval before engaging in certain activities or corporate decisions. There can be no assurance that such approvals, if required, would be obtained or granted in a timely manner. Failure to receive any such approval, if required, could limit or impair the Bancorp s operations, restrict its growth, ability to compete, innovate or participate in industry consolidation and/or affect its dividend policy. Such actions and activities that may be subject to prior approval include, but are not limited to, increasing dividends or other capital distributions by the Bancorp or the Bank, entering into a merger or acquisition transaction, acquiring or establishing new branches and entering into certain new businesses. Fifth Third and other financial institutions are highly regulated and subject to extensive oversight, supervision and examination by regulators and self-regulatory entities. In this regard, government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement, may pursue enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures and may also adversely affect Fifth Third s ability to enter into certain transactions or engage in certain activities, or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith. Government enforcement authority includes the ability to: assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines or restitution; issue cease and desist or removal orders; and initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. These enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. In some cases, regulatory agencies may take supervisory actions that may not be publicly disclosed, which could restrict or limit Fifth Third. Finally, as part of Fifth Third s regular examination process, the Bancorp and the Bank s respective regulators may advise it and its banking subsidiary to operate under various restrictions as a prudential matter. Such supervisory actions or restrictions, if and in whatever manner imposed, could negatively affect Fifth Third s ability to engage in new activities and certain transactions, as well as have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third s business and results of operations and may not be publicly disclosed. As a regulated entity, the Bancorp is subject to certain capital requirements that may limit its operations, potential growth and ability to pay or increase dividends on its common stock or to repurchase its capital stock. The Bancorp must maintain certain risk-based and leverage capital ratios as required by the FRB which can change depending upon general economic conditions and the Bancorp s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans. Compliance with the capital requirements, including leverage ratios, may limit operations that require the intensive use of capital and could adversely affect the Bancorp s ability to expand or maintain present business levels. Failure by the Bank to meet applicable capital requirements could subject it to a variety of enforcement actions available to regulatory authorities. These include limitations on the ability of the Bancorp to pay dividends and/or repurchase shares, the issuance by the regulatory authority of a capital directive to increase capital, loss of FHC status and the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC. The Bancorp is subject to the stress capital buffer requirement and must maintain capital ratios above its buffered minimum (regulatory minimum plus stress capital buffer) in order to avoid certain limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses to executive 33 Fifth Third Bancorp Table of Contents officers. Further changes to applicable capital and liquidity requirements could result in unexpected or new limitations on the Bancorp s ability to pay dividends and engage in share repurchases. Deposit insurance premiums levied against the Bank could increase. The DIF is funded by fees assessed on insured depository institutions including the Bank. Future deposit premiums paid by the Bank depend on FDIC rules, which are subject to change, the level of the DIF and the magnitude and cost of future bank failures. The FDIC may further increase the assessment rates or impose additional special assessments in the future, which may require the Bank to pay significantly higher FDIC premiums. If an orderly liquidation of a systemically important BHC or non-bank financial company were triggered, Fifth Third could face assessments for the Orderly Liquidation Fund. Dodd-Frank created authority for the orderly liquidation of systemically important BHCs and non-bank financial companies and is based on the FDIC s bank resolution model. The Secretary of the U.S. Treasury may trigger liquidation under this authority only after consultation with the President of the United States and after receiving a recommendation from the board of directors of the FDIC and the FRB upon a two-thirds vote. Liquidation proceedings will be funded by the Orderly Liquidation Fund, which will borrow from the U.S. Treasury and impose risk-based assessments on covered financial companies. Risk-based assessments would be made, first, on entities that received more in the resolution than they would have received in the liquidation to the extent of such excess and second, if necessary, on, among others, BHCs with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, such as Fifth Third. Any such assessments may adversely affect Fifth Third s business, financial condition or results of operations. MARKET RISKS: INTEREST RATE RISKS AND PRICE RISKS Weakness in the U.S. economy, including within Fifth Third s geographic footprint, has adversely affected Fifth Third in the past and may adversely affect Fifth Third in the future. Fifth Third has been, and will continue to be, impacted by general business and economic conditions in the U.S. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, money supply, political issues, legislative and regulatory changes, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, broad trends in industry and finance, unemployment, tariffs or other anticipated changes in trade policy and other social, economic and political impacts of the incoming administration and the strength of the U.S. economy and the local economies in which Fifth Third operates, all of which are beyond Fifth Third s control. Deterioration or continued weakness in any of these conditions could result in a decrease in demand for Fifth Third s products and services. Global and domestic political, social, economic and public health uncertainties and changes may adversely affect Fifth Third. Global financial markets, including the 