=== CMS_2026-02-10.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors; and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3, Regulatory Matters and Note 4, Contingencies and Commitments. Consumers Electric Utility Outlook and Uncertainties Energy Supply: Consumers Electric Supply Plan, its long-term strategy for delivering safe, reliable, affordable, clean, and equitable energy to its customers, is outlined in its integrated resource plan and incorporates Consumers Renewable Energy Plan. The Electric Supply Plan is Consumers blueprint for compliance with Michigan s 2023 Energy Law and for advancing sustainability objectives. Among other things, the 2023 Energy Law: increased the renewable energy standard from 15 percent to 50 percent by 2030 and 60 percent by 2035 established a clean energy standard of 80 percent by 2035 and 100 percent by 2040; low- or zero carbon emitting resources, such as nuclear generation and natural gas generation coupled with carbon capture, qualify as clean energy sources under this standard created a new energy storage standard, requiring electric utilities to file plans by 2029 to help achieve a statewide target of 2,500 MW; the MPSC Staff has indicated that Consumers share of this target is 817 MW Consumers integrated resource planning process provides a clear path toward these goals. Updates to its integrated resource plan will be filed in 2026 to reinforce and expand that pathway, while recent updates to the Renewable Energy Plan approved by the MPSC in September 2025 position Consumers to achieve 60 percent renewable energy by 2035 and 100 percent clean energy by 2040. To meet these objectives, Consumers is executing a multi-faceted strategy: Ending the use of coal In 2023, Consumers retired the D.E. Karn coal-fueled generating units, totaling 515 MW of nameplate capacity, and as authorized by the MPSC, issued securitization bonds to finance the recovery of and return on those units. Additionally, Consumers obtained MPSC approval to retire J.H. Campbell in May 2025, totaling 1,407 MW of nameplate capacity, and to recover its remaining book value plus a 9.0 percent return on equity through regulatory asset treatment upon its retirement. As discussed further below, the retirement of J.H. Campbell is subject to temporary extensions under emergency orders issued by the U.S. Secretary of Energy. 75 Table of Contents Resource adequacy and reliability To maintain reliability during the transition, Consumers purchased the Covert Generating Station, representing 1,200 MW of nameplate capacity, in 2023. Additionally, in September 2025, Consumers entered into a new 10 year PPA with the MCV Partnership for the purchase of up to 1,240 MW of capacity and associated energy from the MCV Facility, effective June 1, 2030. Energy storage investments Consumers has contracted to purchase 850 MW of capacity from battery storage facilities to be located in Michigan s Lower Peninsula and with expected commercial operation dates through 2028. Renewable expansion Recent Renewable Energy Plan updates include up to 4,000 MW of wind energy resources and up to 9,000 MW of both purchased and owned solar energy resources, of which 1,060 MW will support Consumers voluntary green pricing program. Presented in the following illustration is the aggregate renewable capacity that Consumers expects to add to its portfolio through PPAs and owned generation under its integrated resource plan, voluntary green pricing program, and Renewable Energy Plan updates: The company earns a return equal to its pre-tax weighted-average cost of capital on permanent capital structure for payments under new clean, renewable, or energy storage PPAs with non-affiliated entities. Consumers will continue to competitively bid new capacity and energy resources, ensuring a balanced portfolio of intermittent renewables and dispatchable clean resources. Any resulting contracts are subject to MPSC approval. Through these integrated plans, Consumers is advancing Michigan s clean energy transition while maintaining system reliability, affordability, and regulatory compliance. J.H. Campbell Emergency Orders: In May 2025, before the planned closure of J.H. Campbell, the U.S. Secretary of Energy issued an emergency order under section 202(c) of the Federal Power Act requiring J.H. Campbell to continue operating for 90 days, through August 20, 2025. Subsequently, the 76 Table of Contents U.S. Secretary of Energy issued two additional emergency orders for 90 days each, ultimately requiring continued operation of J.H. Campbell through February 17, 2026. These orders stated that continued operation of J.H. Campbell was required to meet an energy emergency across MISO s North and Central regions. Consistent with the Federal Power Act and DOE regulations, the orders authorize Consumers to obtain cost recovery at FERC. As directed, Consumers has continued to make J.H. Campbell available in the MISO market and, in June 2025, filed a complaint at FERC seeking a modification of the MISO Tariff to establish a mechanism for recovery and allocation of the cost to comply with this order. In August 2025, FERC granted Consumers complaint and ordered MISO to revise its tariff accordingly. MISO submitted a compliance filing with FERC in September 2025, and FERC approval of the compliance filing remains pending. For additional discussion of this FERC proceeding and Consumers request for recovery, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3, Regulatory Matters. Following the May 2025 emergency order, several third-party stakeholders, including the Michigan Attorney General, the Organization of MISO States, and a group of environmental and public interest groups, asked the U.S. Secretary of Energy to reconsider the May 2025 emergency order. In July 2025, after the U.S. Secretary of Energy took no action on those requests, several parties filed petitions for review of the May 2025 emergency order in federal court. The requests for rehearing were subsequently denied, and similar challenges to the August and November 2025 orders are underway. The U.S. Secretary of Energy may issue more orders to require the continued operation of J.H. Campbell. While the timing and content of future orders and the outcome of third-party legal challenges are not yet known, Consumers is committed to pursuing cost recovery as provided for under applicable laws, orders, and proceedings. Electric Customer Deliveries and Revenue: Consumers electric customer deliveries are seasonal and largely dependent on Michigan s economy. The consumption of electric energy typically increases in the summer months, due primarily to the use of air conditioners and other cooling equipment. In addition, Consumers electric rates, which follow a seasonal rate design, are higher in the summer months than in the remaining months of the year. Each year in June, electric residential customers transition to a summer peak time-of-use rate that allows them to take advantage of lower-cost energy during off-peak times during the summer months. Thus, customers can reduce their electric bills by shifting their consumption from on peak to off peak times. Over the next five years, Consumers expects weather-normalized electric deliveries to increase compared to 2025. This outlook reflects strong growth in electric demand, offset partially by the effects of energy waste reduction programs. Actual delivery levels will depend on: energy conservation measures and results of energy waste reduction programs weather fluctuations Michigan s economic conditions, including data center expansion; utilization, expansion, or contraction of large commercial and industrial facilities; economic development; population trends; electric vehicle adoption; and housing activity Electric ROA: Michigan law allows electric customers in Consumers service territory to buy electric generation service from alternative electric suppliers in an aggregate amount capped at 10 percent of Consumers sales, with certain exceptions. At December 31, 2025, electric deliveries under the ROA program were at the 10 percent limit. Fewer than 300 of Consumers electric customers purchased electric generation service under the ROA program. 77 Table of Contents In 2016, Michigan law established a path to ensure that forward capacity is secured for all electric customers in Michigan, including customers served by alternative electric suppliers under ROA. The law also authorized the MPSC to ensure that alternative electric suppliers have procured enough capacity to cover their anticipated capacity requirements for the four year forward period. In 2017, the MPSC issued an order establishing a state reliability mechanism for Consumers. Under this mechanism, if an alternative electric supplier does not demonstrate that it has procured its capacity requirements for the four year forward period, its customers will pay a set charge to the utility for capacity that is not provided by the alternative electric supplier. During 2017, the MPSC issued orders finding that it has statutory authority to determine and implement a local clearing requirement, which requires all electric suppliers to demonstrate that a portion of the capacity used to serve customers is located in the MISO footprint in Michigan s Lower Peninsula. In 2020, the Michigan Supreme Court affirmed the MPSC s statutory authority to implement a local clearing requirement on individual electric providers. In 2020, ABATE and another intervenor filed a complaint against the MPSC in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan challenging the constitutionality of a local clearing requirement. The complaint requested the federal court to issue a permanent injunction prohibiting the MPSC from implementing a local clearing requirement on individual electric providers. In 2023, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan dismissed the complaint. ABATE and the other intervenor filed a claim of appeal of the Eastern District Court s decision with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In January 2025, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals issued an opinion finding that the MPSC s imposition of a local clearing requirement on individual electric suppliers would discriminate against interstate commerce. The Court of Appeals remanded to the District Court for a determination of whether the local clearing requirement discriminated against interstate commerce and whether the MPSC s regulation survives a strict scrutiny standard, which depends on a determination of whether the local clearing requirement is the only means of achieving the state s goal of securing reliable energy supply. In January 2025, Consumers filed a petition for rehearing and en banc review with the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, requesting the Court to reconsider and reverse the panel s opinion. In February 2025, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals issued an order denying Consumers petition for rehearing and en banc review. The case has therefore been remanded to the District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan for consideration of whether the MPSC s local clearing requirement meets the strict scrutiny standard pursuant to the Court of Appeals decision. The remanded proceeding has begun at the Eastern District Court; there is no deadline for decision. Sale of Hydroelectric Facilities: In September 2025, Consumers signed an agreement to sell its 13 river hydroelectric dams, which are located throughout Michigan, to a non-affiliated company. Additionally, Consumers signed an agreement to purchase power generated by the facilities for 30 years, at a price that reflects the counterparty s acceptance of the risks and rewards of ownership of the facilities, including FERC licensing obligations. The agreements are contingent upon MPSC and FERC approval, for which Consumers filed in October 2025. Timing of the regulatory review process is uncertain and could extend 12 to 18 months or longer. In Consumers most recent electric rate case, the MPSC approved deferred accounting treatment for costs of owning and operating the hydroelectric dams pending and until completion of the transaction. At December 31, 2025, the net book value of the hydroelectric facilities was immaterial. To ensure necessary staffing at the hydroelectric facilities through the anticipated sale, Consumers has provided current employees at the facilities with a retention incentive program. Subsequently, to ensure continued safe operation of the facilities after the sale, the buyer will offer employment to the current 78 Table of Contents hydroelectric employees for a period of at least a year. The retention incentive benefits are contingent upon MPSC and FERC approval of the sale transaction. Electric Rate Matters: Rate matters are critical to Consumers electric utility business. For additional details on rate matters, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3, Regulatory Matters and Note 4, Contingencies and Commitments. MPSC Distribution System Audit: In 2022, the MPSC ordered the state s two largest electric utilities, including Consumers, to report on their compliance with regulations and past MPSC orders governing the utilities response to outages and downed lines. Consumers responded to the MPSC s order as directed. Additionally, as directed by the MPSC, the MPSC Staff engaged a third party auditor to review all equipment and operations of the two utilities distribution systems. In September 2024, the MPSC Staff released the third-party auditor s final report on its audit of Consumers distribution system. The report included several recommendations to improve Consumers distribution system and associated processes and procedures. Consumers filed a response to the audit report in November 2024. In June 2025, the MPSC issued an order adopting the audit s findings and recommendations. Consumers is committed to working with the MPSC to continue improving electric reliability and safety in Michigan. Performance-based Financial Incentives/Disincentives Mechanism: In February 2025, the MPSC issued an order establishing a mechanism through which the state s largest electric utilities, including Consumers, could realize up to $10 million each in incentives or penalties annually for meeting or failing to meet reliability benchmarks, beginning in 2026. As directed, Consumers filed proposed company-specific baseline metrics for the performance mechanism in April 2025; the MPSC approved Consumers proposed metrics in December 2025. 2025 Electric Rate Case: In June 2025, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking a rate increase of $460 million, made up of two components. First, Consumers requested a $436 million annual rate increase, based on a 10.25 percent authorized return on equity for the projected 12 month period ending April 30, 2027. The filing requested authority to recover costs related to new infrastructure investment primarily in distribution system reliability. Second, Consumers requested approval of a $24 million surcharge for the recovery of distribution investments made during the 12 months ended February 28, 2025 that exceeded the rate amounts authorized in accordance with previous electric rate orders. In October 2025, Consumers revised its requested increase to $447 million. Presented in the following table are the components of the revised requested increase in revenue: In Millions Projected 12-Month Period Ending April 30 2027 Investment in rate base $ 192 Operating and maintenance costs 157 Cost of capital 67 Sales and other revenue 7 Subtotal $ 423 Surcharge 24 Total $ 447 The MPSC must issue a final order in this case before or in April 2026. 79 Table of Contents Large-load Tariff: In November 2025, the MPSC approved changes to Consumers standard large customer tariff to govern service for new large electricity users such as data centers. Consumers sought these changes to protect existing customers. The changes apply to customers with a minimum service threshold of 100 MW and require a minimum 15 year contract (beyond the construction period), an 80 percent minimum demand billing obligation, upfront fees, and strong collateral and exit fee protections to ensure these large customers fully cover their own costs of service and do not shift risk or costs to existing customers. Each large-load contract must receive MPSC approval before taking effect. The MPSC also directed Consumers to present multiple cost allocation and rate-design options before its next rate case to ensure that large-load customers pay their fair share of system costs going forward. Depreciation Rate Case: In December 2025, Consumers filed a depreciation case related to its electric and common utility property. In this case, Consumers requested to increase depreciation expense, and its recovery of that expense of $34 million annually based on December 31, 2024 balances. Retention Incentive Program: The retirement of J.H. Campbell is subject to temporary extensions under emergency orders issued by the U.S. Secretary of Energy. As a result, Consumers has implemented retention measures to ensure appropriate staffing levels and expects to incur up to $4 million during each 90 day emergency order period. Consumers will seek recovery of these retention costs from FERC, consistent with rate recovery sought for other costs of complying with the emergency orders. For additional details on this program, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 20, Exit Activities and Asset Sales. For additional details on the emergency orders, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3, Regulatory Matters. Electric Environmental Outlook: Consumers electric operations are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. Consumers estimates that it will incur capital expenditures of $245 million from 2026 through 2030 to continue to comply with RCRA, the Clean Air Act, and numerous other environmental regulations. Consumers expects to recover these costs in customer rates, but cannot guarantee this result. Multiple environmental laws and regulations are subject to litigation. Consumers primary environmental compliance focus includes, but is not limited to, the following matters. Air Quality: Multiple air quality regulations apply, or may apply, to Consumers electric utility. MATS, emission standards for electric generating units published by the EPA based on Section 112 of the Clean Air Act, continue to apply to Consumers. In June 2025, the EPA issued a proposed rule to repeal changes made to the MATS rule in 2024. The company has complied, and continues to comply, with the MATS regulation and both the 2024 and proposed 2025 versions of MATS have minimal impacts on Consumers electric generating units. Consumers does not expect MATS to materially impact its environmental strategy. CSAPR requires Michigan and many other states to improve air quality by reducing power plant emissions that, according to EPA modeling, contribute to ground-level ozone in other downwind states. Consumers complies with this regulation and expects it to have minimal financial and operational impact in the near and/or long term. In 2015, the EPA lowered the NAAQS for ozone and made it more difficult to construct or modify power plants and other emission sources in areas of the country that do not meet the ozone standard. As of 2023, three counties in western Michigan have been designated as not meeting the ozone standard. Based on recent data, the EPA reclassified these counties from moderate to serious nonattainment. Additionally, a December 2025 court decision vacated the EPA s 2023 redesignation of a seven county area in southeast Michigan from moderate ozone nonattainment to attainment. None of Consumers 80 Table of Contents fossil-fuel-fired generating units are located in these areas. Consumers will continue to monitor the impact of the recent court decision on the seven-county area in southeast Michigan, including resulting agency actions, but does not anticipate it will have any impact on Consumers generating assets. In March 2024, the EPA published a lower fine particulate matter NAAQS, which could result in newly designated nonattainment areas in Michigan starting in 2026. In 2025, EGLE proposed nonattainment areas for Kalamazoo and Wayne counties, with a decision by the EPA expected in 2026. Consumers does not have any fossil-fuel-fired generating assets in these counties and therefore does not expect this rule to have significant impacts on its existing generating assets or its clean energy strategy. Consumers will continue to monitor NAAQS rulemakings and litigation to evaluate potential impacts to its generating assets. In January 2026, the EPA published a final rule amending new source performance standards for new, modified, and reconstructed stationary combustion turbines to lower emission limits for NOx. This final rule requires new large simple-cycle turbine units with higher capacity factors to install control equipment for NOx emissions. Consumers is evaluating this rule to determine its impact. Consumers continues to evaluate these rules in conjunction with other EPA and EGLE rulemakings, litigation, executive orders, treaties, and congressional actions. This evaluation could result in: a change in Consumers fuel mix changes in the types of generating units Consumers may purchase or build in the future changes in how certain units are operated, including the installation of additional emission control equipment the retirement, mothballing, extended operation, or repowering with an alternative fuel of some of Consumers generating units changes in Consumers environmental compliance costs the purchase or sale of emission allowances Greenhouse Gases: There have been numerous legislative, executive, and regulatory initiatives at the state, regional, national, and international levels that involve the potential regulation and reporting of greenhouse gases. Consumers continues to monitor and comment on these initiatives, as appropriate. In September 2025, the EPA proposed a rule to reconsider the Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program by eliminating the reporting obligations from numerous emission sources, including Consumers electric generation sites and distribution equipment. Reporting of carbon dioxide to the EPA, however, will continue for sources subject to the Clean Air Act Acid Rain Program, which includes Consumers fossil-fuel-fired electric generation. This change could result in inconsistent approaches in voluntary greenhouse gas accounting for industrial sources. In April 2024, the EPA finalized its rule under Section 111 of the Clean Air Act to address greenhouse gas emissions from new combustion turbine electric generating units and existing coal-, gas-, and oil fueled steam electric generating units. These rules do not address existing combustion turbine electric generating units. In June 2025, the EPA issued a proposed rule containing two different pathways to rescind these requirements. Consumers does not expect these proposed changes will have a significant impact on its existing gas- and oil-fueled steam electric generating assets. Consumers will continue to follow the EPA rules that address greenhouse gas emissions and will continue to evaluate potential impacts to its operations. Increased frequency or intensity of severe or extreme weather events, including those due to climate change, could materially impact Consumers facilities, energy sales, and results of operations. Consumers is unable to predict these events; however, Consumers evaluates the potential physical impacts of climate 81 Table of Contents change on its operations, including increased frequency or intensity of storm activity; increased precipitation; increased temperature; and changes in lake and river levels. Consumers released a report addressing the physical risks of climate change on its infrastructure in 2022. Consumers is taking steps to mitigate these risks as appropriate. While Consumers cannot predict the outcome of changes in U.S. policy or of other legislative, executive, or regulatory initiatives involving the potential regulation or reporting of greenhouse gases, it intends to move forward with its compliance with Michigan s clean energy requirements, its own sustainability goals, and its emphasis on reliable and resilient electric supply. Litigation, international treaties, executive orders, federal laws and regulations (including regulations by the EPA), and state laws and regulations, if enacted or ratified, could ultimately impact Consumers. Consumers may be required to: replace equipment install additional emission control equipment purchase emission allowances or credits (including potential greenhouse gas offset credits) curtail operations or modify existing facility retirement schedules arrange for alternative sources of supply purchase or build facilities that generate fewer emissions mothball, sell, or retire facilities that generate certain emissions pursue energy efficiency or demand response measures more swiftly take other steps to manage, sequester, or lower the emission of greenhouse gases Although associated capital or operating costs relating to greenhouse gas regulation or legislation could be material and cost recovery cannot be assured, Consumers expects to recover these costs in rates consistent with the recovery of other reasonable costs of complying with environmental laws and regulations. CCRs: In 2015, the EPA published a rule regulating CCRs under RCRA. This rule adopts minimum standards for the disposal of non hazardous CCRs in CCR landfills and surface impoundments and criteria for the beneficial use of CCRs. The rule also sets out conditions under which some CCR units would be forced to cease receiving CCRs and related process water and to initiate closure. Due to continued litigation, many aspects of the rule have been remanded to the EPA, resulting in more proposed and final rules. In May 2024, the EPA finalized a rule regulating legacy CCR surface impoundments and CCR management units in response to litigation that exempted inactive impoundments at inactive facilities from the 2015 CCR rule. The new rule adopts minimum standards for impoundments at electric generating facilities that became inactive before the 2015 CCR rule s effective date. During 2024, owners and operators were required to assess whether an inactive facility contains a legacy surface impoundment and then, for identified locations, proceed with the compliance schedule. Additionally, the EPA established groundwater monitoring, corrective action, closure, and post-closure care requirements for CCR surface impoundments and landfills closed prior to the effective date of the 2015 CCR rule, but that do not meet the closure technical and performance standards of the May 2024 rule. These include inactive CCR landfills that were previously exempted from regulation but that are now considered CCR management units. Owners are required to conduct an evaluation at active facilities or any inactive facilities with at least one legacy impoundment to identify CCR management units and determine an appropriate course of action (closure, groundwater treatment, etc.) for each identified unit according to established compliance milestone schedules. In February 2026, the EPA issued a final rule extending the compliance milestone schedule for CCR management units. This extension does not have a material impact on Consumers compliance strategy. 82 Table of Contents Separately, Congress passed legislation in 2016 allowing participating states to develop permitting programs for CCRs under RCRA Subtitle D. The EPA was granted authority to review these permitting programs to determine if permits issued under the proposed program would be as protective as the federal rule. Once approved, permits issued from an authorized state would serve as the basis for compliance, replacing the requirement to self-certify each aspect of the 2015 CCR rule. Consumers, with agreement from EGLE, completed the work necessary to initiate closure by excavating CCRs or placing a final cover over each of its relevant CCR units prior to the closure initiation deadline set forth in the 2015 CCR rule. Consumers has historically been authorized to recover in electric rates costs related to coal ash disposal sites that supported power generation. Consumers completed an assessment of inactive facilities as required by the 2024 CCR rule, and did not identify any legacy impoundments. Consumers is continuing evaluations related to CCR management units and 2024 CCR rule impacts on the state permit program. Water: Multiple water-related regulations apply, or may apply, to Consumers. The EPA regulates cooling water intake systems of existing electric generating plants under Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act. The rules seek to reduce alleged harmful impacts on aquatic organisms, such as fish. In 2018, Consumers submitted to EGLE studies and recommended plans to comply with Section 316(b) for its coal-fueled units but has not yet received final approval. The EPA also regulates the discharge of wastewater through its effluent limitation guidelines for steam electric generating plants. Consumers has submitted the appropriate notices of planned participation in compliance with this rule. Consumers has also submitted timely NPDES permit applications and will be working with EGLE to incorporate applicable provisions during the permit renewal process. Many of Consumers facilities maintain NPDES permits, which are vital to the facilities operations. Consumers applies for renewal of these permits every five years. Failure of EGLE to renew any NPDES permit, a successful appeal against a permit, a change in the interpretation or scope of NPDES permitting, or onerous terms contained in a permit could have a significant detrimental effect on the operations of a facility. Protected Wildlife: Multiple regulations apply, or may apply, to Consumers relating to protected species and habitats. Statutes like the federal Endangered Species Act, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act of 1940 and changes to permitting may impact operations at Consumers facilities. In February 2024, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service published a final rule providing for bald eagle general permits for qualifying wind farms and electric distribution systems. Consumers has received, or is pursuing, bald eagle general permits for all its wind farms. While any resulting permitting and monitoring fees and/or restrictions on operations could impact Consumers existing and future operations, Consumers does not expect any material changes to its environmental strategy or Electric Supply Plan as a result of this rule. Additionally, Consumers regularly monitors proposed changes to the listing status of several species within its operational area. A change in species listed under the Endangered Species Act, or under Michigan s equivalent law, may impact Consumers costs to mitigate its impact on protected species and habitats at certain existing facilities as well as siting choices for new facilities. Other Matters: Other electric environmental matters could have a material impact on Consumers outlook. For additional details on other electric environmental matters, see Item 8. Financial Statements 83 Table of Contents and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 4, Contingencies and Commitments Consumers Electric Utility Contingencies Electric Environmental Matters. Consumers Gas Utility Outlook and Uncertainties Gas Deliveries: Consumers gas customer deliveries are seasonal. The peak demand for natural gas occurs in the winter due to colder temperatures and the resulting use of natural gas as heating fuel. Over the next five years, Consumers expects weather-normalized gas deliveries to remain stable relative to 2025. This outlook reflects modest growth in gas demand, offset by the effects of energy waste reduction programs. Actual delivery levels will depend on: weather fluctuations use by power producers availability and development of renewable energy sources gas price changes Michigan s economic conditions, including population trends and housing activity the price or demand of competing energy sources or fuels energy efficiency and conservation impacts Gas Rate Matters: Rate matters are critical to Consumers gas utility business. For additional details on rate matters, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3, Regulatory Matters and Note 4, Contingencies and Commitments. 2025 Gas Rate Case: In December 2025, Consumers filed an application with the MPSC seeking an annual rate increase of $240 million based on a 10.25 percent authorized return on equity for the projected 12 month period ending October 31, 2027. Presented in the following table are the components of the requested increase in revenue: In Millions Projected 12-Month Period Ending October 31 2027 Investment in rate base $ 108 Operating and maintenance costs 65 Cost of capital 66 Sales/gross margin 1 Total $ 240 The MPSC must issue a final order in this case before or in October 2026. Gas Pipeline and Storage Integrity and Safety: Consumers gas operations are governed by federal and state pipeline safety rules, and there are robust processes and procedures in place to maintain compliance with these regulations. The U.S. Department of Transportation s Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration has published various rules that revise federal safety standards for gas transmission pipelines and underground storage facilities. Consumers has implemented measures to achieve compliance with the revised rules. There are also proposed rules expanding requirements for gas safety, although these rules are subject to reconsideration by the current administration. Under the proposed rules, Consumers will incur increased capital and increased operating and maintenance costs to install and remediate pipelines and to expand inspections, maintenance, and monitoring of existing pipelines and storage facilities. 84 Table of Contents Although associated capital or operating and maintenance costs relating to these regulations could be material and cost recovery cannot be assured, Consumers expects to recover such costs in rates consistent with the recovery of other reasonable costs of complying with laws and regulations. Gas Environmental Outlook: Consumers expects to incur response activity costs at a number of sites, including 23 former MGP sites. For additional details, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 4, Contingencies and Commitments Consumers Gas Utility Contingencies. Consumers gas operations are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. Multiple environmental laws and regulations are subject to litigation. Consumers primary environmental compliance focus includes, but is not limited to, the following matters. Air Quality: Multiple air quality regulations apply, or may apply, to Consumers gas utility. In 2015, the EPA lowered the NAAQS for ozone and made it more difficult to construct or modify natural gas compressor stations and other emission sources in areas of the country that do not meet the ozone standard. As of 2023, three counties in western Michigan have been designated as not meeting the ozone standard. Based on recent data, the EPA reclassified these counties from moderate to serious nonattainment, which has more stringent requirements. One of Consumers compressor stations is in a serious ozone nonattainment area. Consequently, Consumers has initiated plans to retrofit equipment at this compressor station to lower NOx emissions. Additionally, a December 2025 court decision vacated the EPA s 2023 redesignation of the seven county area in southeast Michigan from moderate ozone nonattainment to attainment. Four of Consumers compressor stations are located in these counties, with one station having assets that may be impacted by the redesignation change. Consumers will continue to monitor the recent court decision s impact on the seven-county area in southeast Michigan, including resulting agency actions, and the potential impacts to compressor station assets. Consumers will continue to monitor NAAQS rulemakings and litigation, and evaluate potential impacts to its compressor stations and other applicable natural gas storage and delivery assets. In March 2024, the EPA published a lower fine particulate matter NAAQS, which could result in newly designated nonattainment areas in Michigan starting in 2026. In 2025, EGLE proposed nonattainment areas for Kalamazoo and Wayne counties, with a decision by the EPA expected in 2026. Consumers has one compressor station located in Wayne County and will continue to monitor NAAQS rulemakings and litigation to evaluate potential impacts to the natural gas compressor station assets. Greenhouse Gases: Some interest exists at the various levels of government in regulating greenhouse gases or their sources. Future regulations, if adopted, may involve requirements to reduce methane emissions from Consumers gas utility operations and carbon dioxide emissions from customer use of natural gas. Consumers will continue to monitor such potential rules for impacts. In September 2025, the EPA proposed a rule to reconsider the Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program by removing the natural gas distribution segment from the reporting obligations under the petroleum and natural gas source category, and proposed to delay the reporting obligations until 2034 for the remaining sources in this category. If this proposal is finalized as proposed, it could result in inconsistent approaches in voluntary greenhouse gas accounting for industrial sources. Consumers is making voluntary efforts to reduce its gas utility s methane emissions. Under its Methane Reduction Plan, Consumers has set a goal of net-zero methane emissions from its natural gas delivery 85 Table of Contents system by 2030. Consumers plans to reduce methane emissions from its system by about 80 percent from 2012 baseline levels by accelerating the replacement of aging pipe, rehabilitating or retiring outdated infrastructure, and adopting new technologies and practices. The remaining emissions will likely be offset through clean fuel alternatives or nature-based carbon removal pathways. To date, Consumers has reduced methane emissions by more than 40 percent. Consumers has also set a goal to reduce customer greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2035. Consumers Natural Gas Delivery Plan, a rolling ten year investment plan to deliver safe, reliable, clean, and affordable natural gas to customers, outlines ways in which Consumers can make early progress toward these goals in a cost-effective manner, including energy waste reduction, carbon offsets, and renewable natural gas supply. Consumers has already initiated work in these key areas by continuing to expand its energy waste reduction targets and by offering gas customers the ability to offset their carbon footprint associated with natural gas use by purchasing renewable natural gas and/or carbon credits associated with Michigan forest preservation. Consumers has renewable natural gas facilities under construction scheduled for commercial operation in 2026 and is monitoring regulatory developments and market conditions closely as part of its ongoing evaluation of the projects. As part of this evaluation, two early phase renewable natural gas development projects have been paused indefinitely, and Consumers recognized an impairment charge of $15 million related to these projects in 2025. Consumers is evaluating and monitoring newer technologies to determine their role in achieving Consumers interim and long-term net-zero goals, including biofuels, geothermal, synthetic methane, carbon capture sequestration systems, and other innovative technologies. NorthStar Clean Energy Outlook and Uncertainties CMS Energy s primary focus with respect to its NorthStar Clean Energy businesses is to maximize the value of generating assets representing 1,665 MW of capacity, and to pursue opportunities for the development of renewable generation projects, including leveraging strategic partnerships and available tax incentives. In December 2025, NorthStar Clean Energy sold a Class A membership interest in BG Solar Holdings to a tax equity investor. BG Solar Holdings is the holding company of a 200-MW solar generation project being constructed in Branch County, Michigan. All of the project s nameplate capacity has been committed under a 15 year renewable energy purchase agreement. The tax equity investor contributed $15 million and recognized a deemed contribution of $35 million associated with BG Solar Holdings sale of investment tax credits related to a portion of the project placed into service for tax purposes in 2025. The tax equity investor will contribute additional amounts upon commercial operation of the project in 2026. NorthStar Clean Energy retained a Class B membership interest in BG Solar Holdings. Earnings, tax attributes, and cash flows generated by BG Solar Holdings will be allocated among and distributed to the membership classes in accordance with the ratios specified in the associated limited liability company operating agreement; these ratios change over time and are not representative of the ownership interest percentages of each membership class. For additional details, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 19, Variable Interest Entities. 86 Table of Contents Trends, uncertainties, and other matters related to NorthStar Clean Energy that could have a material impact on CMS Energy s consolidated income, cash flows, or financial position include: investment in and financial benefits received from renewable energy and energy storage projects, including changes to tax and trade policy delays or difficulties in financing, constructing, and developing projects, including those arising from the performance of contractors, suppliers, or other counterparties changes in energy, capacity, and other commodity prices severe weather events and climate change associated with increasing levels of greenhouse gases changes in various environmental laws, regulations, principles, or practices, or in their interpretation indemnity obligations assumed in connection with ownership interests in facilities that involve tax equity financing representations, warranties, and indemnities provided in connection with sales of assets delays or difficulties in obtaining environmental permits For additional details regarding NorthStar Clean Energy s uncertainties, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 4, Contingencies and Commitments Guarantees. NorthStar Clean Energy Environmental Outlook: NorthStar Clean Energy s operations are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. Multiple environmental laws and regulations are subject to litigation. NorthStar Clean Energy s primary environmental compliance focus includes, but is not limited to, the following matters. CSAPR requires Michigan and many other states to improve air quality by reducing power plant emissions that, according to EPA modeling, contribute to ground-level ozone in other downwind states. NorthStar Clean Energy complies with this regulation and expects it to have minimal financial and operational impact in the near and/or long term. In March 2024, the EPA published a lower fine particulate matter NAAQS, which could result in newly designated nonattainment areas in Michigan starting in 2026. In 2025, EGLE proposed nonattainment areas for Kalamazoo and Wayne counties, with a decision by the EPA expected in 2026. NorthStar Clean Energy has two fossil-fuel-fired generating units in these counties and therefore will continue to monitor NAAQS rulemaking and litigation to evaluate potential impacts to its generating assets. In January 2026, the EPA published a final rule amending new source performance standards for new, modified, and reconstructed stationary combustion turbines to lower emission limits for NOx. This final rule requires new large simple-cycle turbine units with higher capacity factors to install control equipment for NOx emissions. NorthStar Clean Energy will monitor this rulemaking. A December 2025 court decision vacated the EPA s 2023 redesignation of the seven county area in southeast Michigan from moderate ozone nonattainment to attainment. NorthStar Clean Energy has one electric generating station located within this area. NorthStar Clean Energy will continue to monitor the recent court decision s impact on the seven-county area in southeast Michigan, including resulting agency actions, and the potential impacts to compressor station assets. For additional details regarding the ozone NAAQS, see Consumers Electric Utility Outlook and Uncertainties Electric Environmental Outlook. In September 2025, the EPA proposed a rule to reconsider the Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program by eliminating the reporting obligations from numerous emission sources. Reporting of carbon dioxide to the 87 Table of Contents EPA, however, will continue for sources subject to the Clean Air Act Acid Rain Program. This change could result in inconsistent approaches in voluntary greenhouse gas accounting for industrial sources. In April 2024, the EPA finalized its rule under Section 111 of the Clean Air Act to address greenhouse gas emissions from new combustion turbine electric generating units and existing coal-, gas-, and oil fueled steam electric generating units. These rules do not address existing combustion turbine electric generating units. In June 2025, the EPA issued a proposed rule containing two different pathways to rescind these requirements. Neither pathway impacts NorthStar Clean Energy s existing facilities. NorthStar Clean Energy will continue to follow the EPA rules that address greenhouse gas emissions and will continue to evaluate potential impacts to its operations. Many of NorthStar Clean Energy s facilities maintain NPDES permits, which are vital to the facilities operations. NorthStar Clean Energy applies for renewal of these permits every five years. Failure of EGLE to renew any NPDES permit, a successful appeal against a permit, a change in the interpretation or scope of NPDES permitting, or onerous terms contained in a permit could have a significant detrimental effect on the operations of a facility. Other Outlook and Uncertainties Tax Legislation: CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to changing tax laws. In July 2025, President Trump signed into law the OBBBA. The legislation allows for the immediate expensing of domestic research and development costs and includes changes to clean energy tax credits enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. While the OBBBA restores, and makes permanent, the 100 percent bonus depreciation deduction, it also retains a provision that allows utilities to take a full deduction of interest expense in lieu of 100 percent bonus depreciation. CMS Energy and Consumers evaluated the provisions of the OBBBA and concluded that the legislation is not expected to have a material impact on their respective financial statements. This conclusion is subject to change as additional guidance or interpretations become available. Litigation: CMS Energy, Consumers, and certain of their subsidiaries are named as parties in various litigation matters, as well as in administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental agencies, arising in the ordinary course of business. For additional details regarding certain legal matters, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3, Regulatory Matters and Note 4, Contingencies and Commitments. Critical Accounting Estimates The following information is important to understand CMS Energy s and Consumers results of operations and financial condition. For additional accounting policies, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1, Significant Accounting Policies. In the preparation of CMS Energy s and Consumers consolidated financial statements, estimates and assumptions are used that may affect reported amounts and disclosures. CMS Energy and Consumers use accounting estimates for asset valuations, unbilled revenue, depreciation, amortization, financial and derivative instruments, employee benefits, stock-based compensation, the effects of regulation, indemnities, contingencies, and AROs. Actual results may differ from estimated results due to changes in the regulatory environment, regulatory decisions, lawsuits, competition, and other factors. CMS Energy and Consumers consider all relevant factors in making these assessments. 88 Table of Contents Accounting for the Effects of Industry Regulation: Because Consumers has regulated operations, it uses regulatory accounting to recognize the effects of the regulators decisions on its financial statements. Consumers continually assesses whether future recovery of its regulatory assets is probable by considering communications and experience with its regulators and changes in the regulatory environment. If Consumers determined that recovery of a regulatory asset were not probable, Consumers would be required to write off the asset and immediately recognize the expense in earnings. For additional information, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3, Regulatory Matters. Contingencies: CMS Energy and Consumers make judgments regarding the future outcome of various matters that give rise to contingent liabilities. For such matters, they record liabilities when they are considered probable and reasonably estimable, based on all available information. In particular, CMS Energy and Consumers are participating in various environmental remediation projects for which they have recorded liabilities. The recorded amounts represent estimates that may take into account such considerations as the number of sites, the anticipated scope, cost, and timing of remediation work, the available technology, applicable regulations, and the requirements of governmental authorities. For remediation projects in which the timing of estimated expenditures is considered reliably determinable, CMS Energy and Consumers record the liability at its net present value, using a discount rate equal to the interest rate on monetary assets that are essentially risk-free and have maturities comparable to that of the environmental liability. The amount recorded for any contingency may differ from actual costs incurred when the contingency is resolved. For additional details, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 4, Contingencies and Commitments. Income Taxes: The amount of income taxes paid by CMS Energy is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state, and foreign tax authorities, which can result in proposed assessments. An estimate of the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue is highly judgmental. CMS Energy believes adequate reserves have been provided for these exposures; however, future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to the estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire. Additionally, CMS Energy s judgment as to the ability to recover its deferred tax assets may change. CMS Energy believes the valuation allowances related to its deferred tax assets are adequate, but future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments. As a result, CMS Energy s effective tax rate may fluctuate significantly over time. For additional details, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 13, Income Taxes. Pension and OPEB: CMS Energy and Consumers provide retirement pension benefits to certain employees under non contributory DB Pension Plans, and they provide postretirement health and life benefits to qualifying retired employees under an OPEB Plan. CMS Energy and Consumers record liabilities for pension and OPEB on their consolidated balance sheets at the present value of the future obligations, net of any plan assets. The calculation of the liabilities and associated expenses requires the expertise of actuaries, and requires many assumptions, including: life expectancies discount rates expected long-term rate of return on plan assets rate of compensation increases expected health care costs A change in these assumptions could change significantly CMS Energy s and Consumers recorded liabilities and associated expenses. 89 Table of Contents Presented in the following table are estimates of credits and cash contributions through 2028 for the DB Pension Plans and OPEB Pl an. Actual future costs, credits, and contributions will depend on future investment performance, discount rates, and various factors related to the participants of the DB Pension Plans and OPEB Plan. CMS Energy and Consumers will, at a minimum, contribute to the plans as needed to comply with federal funding requirements. In Millions DB Pension Plans OPEB Plan Credit Contribution Credit Contribution CMS Energy, including Consumers 2026 $ (86) $ $ (109) $ 2027 (87) (99) 2028 (100) (92) Consumers 1 2026 $ (81) $ $ (101) $ 2027 (81) (91) 2028 (94) (84) 1 Consumers pension and OPEB costs are recoverable through its general ratemaking process. Lowering the expected long-term rate of return on the assets of the DB Pension Plans by 25 basis points would increase estimated pension cost for 2026 by $8 million for both CMS Energy and Consumers. Lowering the PBO discount rates by 25 basis points would decrease estimated pension cost for 2026 by $1 million for both CMS Energy and Consumers. Pension and OPEB costs above or below the amounts used to set existing rates will be deferred as a regulatory asset or liability in accordance with Consumers postretirement benefits expense deferral mechanism; for more information, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3, Regulatory Matters. Pension and OPEB plan assets are accounted for and disclosed at fair value. Fair value measurements incorporate assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Development of these assumptions may require judgment. For additional details on postretirement benefits, including the fair value measurements for the assets of the DB Pension Plans and OPEB Plan, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 11, Retirement Benefits. Unbilled Revenues: Consumers customers are billed monthly in cycles having billing dates that do not generally coincide with the end of a calendar month. This results in customers having received electricity or natural gas that they have not been billed for as of the month-end. Consumers estimates its unbilled revenues by applying an average billed rate to total unbilled deliveries for each customer class. Consumers records unbilled revenues as accounts receivable and accrued revenue on its consolidated balance sheet. For additional information on unbilled revenues, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 15, Revenue. New Accounting Standards For details regarding new accounting standards issued but not yet effective, See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2, New Accounting Standards. 90 Table of Contents Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to market risks including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, commodity prices, and investment security prices. They may enter into various risk management contracts to mitigate exposure to these risks, including swaps, options, futures, and forward contracts. CMS Energy and Consumers enter into these contracts using established policies and procedures, under the direction of an executive oversight committee consisting of certain officers and a risk committee consisting of those and other officers and business managers. The following risk sensitivity illustrates the potential loss in fair value, cash flows, or future earnings from financial instruments, assuming a hypothetical adverse change in market rates or prices of 10 percent. Potential losses could exceed the amounts shown in the sensitivity analyses if changes in market rates or prices were to exceed 10 percent. Long-term Debt: CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to interest-rate risk resulting from issuing fixed-rate and variable-rate debt instruments. CMS Energy and Consumers use a combination of these instruments, and may also enter into interest-rate swap agreements, in order to manage this risk and to achieve a reasonable cost of capital. Presented in the following table is a sensitivity analysis of interest-rate risk on CMS Energy s and Consumers debt instruments (assuming an adverse change in market interest rates of 10 percent): In Millions December 31 2025 2024 Fixed-rate financing potential loss in fair value CMS Energy, including Consumers $ 792 $ 717 Consumers 535 543 The fair value losses in the above table could be realized only if CMS Energy and Consumers transferred all of their fixed-rate financing to other creditors. The annual earnings exposure related to variable-rate financing was immaterial for both CMS Energy and Consumers at December 31, 2025 and 2024, assuming an adverse change in market interest rates of 10 percent. For additional details on financial instruments see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 7, Financial Instruments. 91 Table of Contents (This page intentionally left blank) 92 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to Financial Statements CMS Energy Consolidated Financial Statements 94 Consolidated Statements of Income 94 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 95 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 96 Consolidated Balance Sheets 98 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 100 Consumers Consolidated Financial Statements 101 Consolidated Statements of Income 101 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 102 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 104 Consolidated Balance Sheets 106 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 108 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 109 1: Significant Accounting Policies 109 2: New Accounting Standards 111 3: Regulatory Matters 112 4: Contingencies and Commitments 119 5: Financings and Capitalization 125 6: Fair Value Measurements 134 7: Financial Instruments 136 8: Plant, Property, and Equipment 138 9: Leases 142 10: Asset Retirement Obligations 146 11: Retirement Benefits 148 12: Stock-based Compensation 159 13: Income Taxes 162 14: Earnings Per Share CMS Energy 168 15: Revenue 170 16: Other Income and Other Expense 174 17: Reportable Segments 175 18: Related-party Transactions Consumers 182 19: Variable Interest Entities 183 20: Exit Activities and Asset Sales 186 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238 ) 188 CMS Energy 188 Consumers 192 93 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consolidated Statements of Income In Millions, Except Per Share Amounts Years Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Operating Revenue $ 8,539 $ 7,515 $ 7,462 Operating Expenses Fuel for electric generation 657 624 561 Purchased and interchange power 1,706 1,333 1,375 Purchased power related parties 94 71 75 Cost of gas sold 809 640 902 Maintenance and other operating expenses 1,727 1,638 1,687 Depreciation and amortization 1,306 1,240 1,180 General taxes 513 482 447 Total operating expenses 6,812 6,028 6,227 Operating Income 1,727 1,487 1,235 Other Income (Expense) Non-operating retirement benefits, net 186 169 180 Other income 151 207 195 Other expense ( 27 ) ( 32 ) ( 13 ) Total other income 310 344 362 Interest Charges Interest on long-term debt 798 700 616 Interest expense related parties 11 12 12 Other interest expense ( 9 ) 14 18 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction ( 11 ) ( 18 ) ( 3 ) Total interest charges 789 708 643 Income Before Income Taxes 1,248 1,123 954 Income Tax Expense 246 176 147 Income From Continuing Operations 1,002 947 807 Income From Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax of $ for all periods 1 Net Income 1,002 947 808 Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests ( 69 ) ( 56 ) ( 79 ) Net Income Attributable to CMS Energy 1,071 1,003 887 Preferred Stock Dividends 10 10 10 Net Income Available to Common Stockholders $ 1,061 $ 993 $ 877 Basic Earnings Per Average Common Share $ 3.53 $ 3.34 $ 3.01 Diluted Earnings Per Average Common Share $ 3.53 $ 3.33 $ 3.01 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 94 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income In Millions Years Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Net Income $ 1,002 $ 947 $ 808 Retirement Benefits Liability Net gain arising during the period, net of tax of $ 2 , $ 1 , and $ 2 4 2 5 Prior service credit adjustment, net of tax of $ for all periods 1 Amortization of net actuarial loss, net of tax of $ for all periods 2 2 2 Amortization of prior service credit, net of tax of $ for all periods ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Other Comprehensive Income 5 5 6 Comprehensive Income 1,007 952 814 Comprehensive Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests ( 69 ) ( 56 ) ( 79 ) Comprehensive Income Attributable to CMS Energy $ 1,076 $ 1,008 $ 893 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 95 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows In Millions Years Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income $ 1,002 $ 947 $ 808 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization 1,306 1,240 1,180 Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 202 142 157 Bad debt expense 40 33 34 Postretirement benefits contributions ( 16 ) ( 13 ) ( 12 ) Other non cash operating activities and reconciling adjustments ( 238 ) ( 241 ) ( 274 ) Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts receivable and accrued revenue ( 251 ) ( 155 ) 241 Inventories ( 28 ) 164 185 Accounts payable and accrued rate refunds 196 15 ( 136 ) Other current assets and liabilities 78 42 ( 21 ) Other non current assets and liabilities ( 56 ) 196 147 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,235 2,370 2,309 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Capital expenditures (excludes assets placed under finance lease) ( 3,824 ) ( 3,018 ) ( 2,407 ) Covert Generating Station acquisition ( 812 ) Proceeds from sale of ASP business 124 Cost to retire property and other investing activities ( 214 ) ( 160 ) ( 167 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 4,038 ) ( 3,054 ) ( 3,386 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of debt 3,609 1,962 3,551 Retirement of debt ( 1,150 ) ( 952 ) ( 2,132 ) Increase (decrease) in notes payable ( 65 ) ( 28 ) 73 Issuance of common stock 525 286 192 Payment of dividends on common and preferred stock ( 663 ) ( 626 ) ( 579 ) Proceeds from the sale of membership interests in VIEs 44 Proceeds from the sale of membership interest in VIE to tax equity investor 15 86 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 4 5 6 Distributions to noncontrolling interests ( 14 ) ( 12 ) ( 12 ) Other financing costs ( 65 ) ( 21 ) ( 42 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 2,240 614 1,143 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts 437 ( 70 ) 66 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts, Beginning of Period 178 248 182 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts, End of Period $ 615 $ 178 $ 248 96 Table of Contents In Millions Years Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Other Cash Flow Activities and Non cash Investing and Financing Activities Cash transactions Interest paid (net of amounts capitalized) $ 741 $ 677 $ 607 Income taxes paid (proceeds from sale of renewable energy tax credits), net ( 20 ) ( 69 ) 15 Non cash transactions Capital expenditures not paid $ 662 $ 517 $ 265 Deemed contribution from sale of membership interest 35 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 97 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets ASSETS In Millions December 31 2025 2024 Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 509 $ 103 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 106 75 Accounts receivable and accrued revenue, less allowance of $ 27 in 2025 and $ 23 in 2024 1,306 1,049 Accounts receivable related parties 17 14 Inventories at average cost Gas in underground storage 427 435 Materials and supplies 329 299 Generating plant fuel stock 35 35 Deferred property taxes 479 448 Regulatory assets 104 229 Prepayments and other current assets 160 103 Total current assets 3,472 2,790 Plant, Property, and Equipment Plant, property, and equipment, gross 37,763 34,932 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 10,135 9,569 Plant, property, and equipment, net 27,628 25,363 Construction work in progress 3,052 2,098 Total plant, property, and equipment 30,680 27,461 Other Non current Assets Regulatory assets 3,355 3,569 Accounts receivable 18 20 Investments 61 69 Postretirement benefits 1,957 1,627 Other 398 384 Total other non current assets 5,789 5,669 Total Assets $ 39,941 $ 35,920 98 Table of Contents LIABILITIES AND EQUITY In Millions December 31 2025 2024 Current Liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and finance leases $ 956 $ 1,195 Notes payable 65 Accounts payable 1,395 1,085 Accounts payable related parties 9 8 Accrued rate refunds 28 38 Accrued interest 182 156 Accrued taxes 708 654 Regulatory liabilities 85 111 Other current liabilities 185 209 Total current liabilities 3,548 3,521 Non current Liabilities Long-term debt 17,807 15,194 Non-current portion of finance leases 135 112 Regulatory liabilities 4,091 4,067 Postretirement benefits 95 96 AROs 792 728 Deferred investment tax credit 118 122 Deferred income taxes 3,252 2,925 Other non current liabilities 392 407 Total non current liabilities 26,682 23,651 Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 3 and 4) Equity Common stockholders equity Common stock, authorized 350.0 shares in both periods; outstanding 306.4 shares in 2025 and 298.8 shares in 2024 3 3 Other paid-in capital 6,510 6,009 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 36 ) ( 41 ) Retained earnings 2,443 2,035 Total common stockholders equity 8,920 8,006 Cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock, Series C, authorized 9.2 depositary shares; outstanding 9.2 depositary shares in both periods 224 224 Total stockholders equity 9,144 8,230 Noncontrolling interests 567 518 Total equity 9,711 8,748 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 39,941 $ 35,920 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 99 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity In Millions, Except Number of Shares in Thousands and Per Share Amounts Number of Shares Years Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023 Total Equity at Beginning of Period $ 8,748 $ 8,125 $ 7,595 Common Stock At beginning and end of period 3 3 3 Other Paid-in Capital At beginning of period 298,790 294,440 291,268 6,009 5,705 5,490 Common stock issued 7,839 4,673 3,355 548 315 222 Common stock repurchased ( 181 ) ( 181 ) ( 119 ) ( 13 ) ( 11 ) ( 7 ) Common stock reacquired ( 39 ) ( 142 ) ( 64 ) Adjustment for sale of membership interests in VIEs ( 34 ) At end of period 306,409 298,790 294,440 6,510 6,009 5,705 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retirement benefits liability At beginning of period ( 41 ) ( 46 ) ( 52 ) Net gain arising during the period 4 2 5 Prior service credit adjustment 1 Amortization of net actuarial loss 2 2 2 Amortization of prior service credit ( 1 ) ( 1 ) At end of period ( 36 ) ( 41 ) ( 46 ) Retained Earnings At beginning of period 2,035 1,658 1,350 Net income attributable to CMS Energy 1,071 1,003 887 Dividends declared on common stock ( 653 ) ( 616 ) ( 569 ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ( 10 ) ( 10 ) ( 10 ) At end of period 2,443 2,035 1,658 Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C At beginning and end of period 224 224 224 Noncontrolling Interests At beginning of period 518 581 580 Sale of membership interests in VIEs 78 Sale of membership interest in VIE to tax equity investor 50 86 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 4 5 6 Distributions to noncontrolling interests ( 14 ) ( 12 ) ( 12 ) Loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ( 69 ) ( 56 ) ( 79 ) At end of period 567 518 581 Total Equity at End of Period $ 9,711 $ 8,748 $ 8,125 Dividends declared per common share $ 2.170 $ 2.060 $ 1.950 Dividends declared per preferred stock Series C depositary share $ 1.050 $ 1.050 $ 1.050 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 100 Table of Contents Consumers Energy Company Consolidated Statements of Income In Millions Years Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Operating Revenue $ 8,132 $ 7,200 $ 7,166 Operating Expenses Fuel for electric generation 535 511 435 Purchased and interchange power 1,564 1,285 1,331 Purchased power related parties 94 71 75 Cost of gas sold 803 637 897 Maintenance and other operating expenses 1,614 1,520 1,586 Depreciation and amortization 1,254 1,191 1,137 General taxes 499 470 437 Total operating expenses 6,363 5,685 5,898 Operating Income 1,769 1,515 1,268 Other Income (Expense) Non-operating retirement benefits, net 175 157 171 Other income 55 85 49 Other expense ( 22 ) ( 30 ) ( 12 ) Total other income 208 212 208 Interest Charges Interest on long-term debt 521 488 415 Interest expense related parties 41 31 20 Other interest expense 8 12 16 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction ( 10 ) ( 13 ) ( 3 ) Total interest charges 560 518 448 Income Before Income Taxes 1,417 1,209 1,028 Income Tax Expense 288 200 161 Net Income 1,129 1,009 867 Preferred Stock Dividends 2 2 2 Net Income Available to Common Stockholder $ 1,127 $ 1,007 $ 865 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 101 Table of Contents Consumers Energy Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income In Millions Years Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Net Income $ 1,129 $ 1,009 $ 867 Retirement Benefits Liability Net gain (loss) arising during the period, net of tax of $( 1 ), $ 1 , and $ ( 2 ) 3 ( 1 ) Amortization of net actuarial loss, net of tax of $ for all periods 1 1 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ( 2 ) 4 Comprehensive Income $ 1,127 $ 1,013 $ 867 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 102 Table of Contents (This page intentionally left blank) 103 Table of Contents Consumers Energy Company Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows In Millions Years Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income $ 1,129 $ 1,009 $ 867 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization 1,254 1,191 1,137 Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 48 115 156 Bad debt expense 40 33 34 Postretirement benefits contributions ( 10 ) ( 9 ) ( 9 ) Other non cash operating activities and reconciling adjustments ( 165 ) ( 137 ) ( 123 ) Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts and notes receivable and accrued revenue ( 235 ) ( 153 ) 219 Inventories ( 24 ) 164 186 Accounts payable and accrued rate refunds 187 19 ( 127 ) Other current assets and liabilities 104 75 ( 35 ) Other non-current assets and liabilities ( 90 ) 139 125 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,238 2,446 2,430 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Capital expenditures (excludes assets placed under finance lease) ( 3,314 ) ( 2,842 ) ( 2,248 ) Covert Generating Station acquisition ( 812 ) Proceeds from sale of ASP business 124 Cost to retire property and other investing activities ( 221 ) ( 154 ) ( 141 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 3,535 ) ( 2,872 ) ( 3,201 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of debt 1,123 1,297 2,666 Retirement of debt ( 115 ) ( 389 ) ( 1,654 ) Increase (decrease) in notes payable ( 65 ) ( 28 ) 73 Increase (decrease) in notes payable related parties 340 ( 75 ) Stockholder contribution 920 735 475 Return of stockholder contribution ( 320 ) Payment of dividends on common and preferred stock ( 900 ) ( 797 ) ( 697 ) Other financing costs ( 14 ) ( 9 ) ( 21 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 1,289 489 767 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts ( 8 ) 63 ( 4 ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts, Beginning of Period 119 56 60 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Including Restricted Amounts, End of Period $ 111 $ 119 $ 56 104 Table of Contents In Millions Years Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Other Cash Flow Activities and Non cash Investing and Financing Activities Cash transactions Interest paid (net of amounts capitalized) $ 526 $ 484 $ 417 Income taxes paid (proceeds from sale of renewable energy tax credits), net 161 ( 19 ) 31 Non cash transactions Capital expenditures not paid $ 533 $ 395 $ 264 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 105 Table of Contents Consumers Energy Company Consolidated Balance Sheets ASSETS In Millions December 31 2025 2024 Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 25 $ 44 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 86 75 Accounts receivable and accrued revenue, less allowance of $ 27 in 2025 and $ 23 in 2024 1,210 1,019 Accounts and notes receivable related parties 15 17 Inventories at average cost Gas in underground storage 427 435 Materials and supplies 316 291 Generating plant fuel stock 31 30 Deferred property taxes 479 448 Regulatory assets 104 229 Prepayments and other current assets 132 86 Total current assets 2,825 2,674 Plant, Property, and Equipment Plant, property, and equipment, gross 36,120 33,434 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 9,842 9,310 Plant, property, and equipment, net 26,278 24,124 Construction work in progress 2,354 1,766 Total plant, property, and equipment 28,632 25,890 Other Non-current Assets Regulatory assets 3,355 3,569 Accounts receivable 24 26 Accounts and notes receivable related parties 88 92 Postretirement benefits 1,821 1,514 Other 346 323 Total other non-current assets 5,634 5,524 Total Assets $ 37,091 $ 34,088 106 Table of Contents LIABILITIES AND EQUITY In Millions December 31 2025 2024 Current Liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and finance leases $ 579 $ 456 Notes payable 65 Notes payable related parties 340 Accounts payable 1,229 917 Accounts payable related parties 14 12 Accrued rate refunds 28 38 Accrued interest 149 130 Accrued taxes 747 678 Regulatory liabilities 85 111 Other current liabilities 163 185 Total current liabilities 3,334 2,592 Non-current Liabilities Long-term debt 11,524 10,818 Long-term debt related parties 1,005 823 Non-current portion of finance leases 81 69 Regulatory liabilities 4,091 4,067 Postretirement benefits 70 70 AROs 753 694 Deferred investment tax credit 118 122 Deferred income taxes 3,201 3,053 Other non-current liabilities 336 349 Total non-current liabilities 21,179 20,065 Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 3 and 4) Equity Common stockholder s equity Common stock, authorized 125.0 shares; outstanding 84.1 shares in both periods 841 841 Other paid-in capital 9,094 8,174 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 13 ) ( 11 ) Retained earnings 2,619 2,390 Total common stockholder s equity 12,541 11,394 Cumulative preferred stock, $ 4.50 series, authorized 7.5 shares; outstanding 0.4 shares in both periods 37 37 Total equity 12,578 11,431 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 37,091 $ 34,088 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 107 Table of Contents Consumers Energy Company Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity In Millions Years Ended December 31 2025 2024 2023 Total Equity at Beginning of Period $ 11,431 $ 10,800 $ 10,155 Common Stock At beginning and end of period 841 841 841 Other Paid-in Capital At beginning of period 8,174 7,759 7,284 Stockholder contribution 920 735 475 Return of stockholder contribution ( 320 ) At end of period 9,094 8,174 7,759 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retirement benefits liability At beginning of period ( 11 ) ( 15 ) ( 15 ) Net gain (loss) arising during the period ( 2 ) 3 ( 1 ) Amortization of net actuarial loss 1 1 At end of period ( 13 ) ( 11 ) ( 15 ) Retained Earnings At beginning of period 2,390 2,178 2,008 Net income 1,129 1,009 867 Dividends declared on common stock ( 898 ) ( 795 ) ( 695 ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ( 2 ) ( 2 ) ( 2 ) At end of period 2,619 2,390 2,178 Cumulative Preferred Stock At beginning and end of period 37 37 37 Total Equity at End of Period $ 12,578 $ 11,431 $ 10,800 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 108 Table of Contents CMS Energy Corporation Consumers Energy Company Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 1: Significant Accounting Policies Principles of Consolidation: CMS Energy and Consumers prepare their consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. CMS Energy s consolidated financial statements comprise CMS Energy, Consumers, NorthStar Clean Energy, and all other entities in which CMS Energy has a controlling financial interest or is the primary beneficiary. Consumers consolidated financial statements comprise Consumers and all other entities in which it has a controlling financial interest. CMS Energy uses the equity method of accounting for investments in companies and partnerships that are not consolidated, where they have significant influence over operations and financial policies but are not the primary beneficiary. CMS Energy and Consumers eliminate intercompany transactions and balances. Use of Estimates: CMS Energy and Consumers are required to make estimates using assumptions that may affect reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents include short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Restricted cash and cash equivalents are held primarily for the repayment of securitization bonds and funds held in escrow. These amounts are classified as current assets since they relate to payments that could or will occur within one year. Contingencies: CMS Energy and Consumers record estimated loss contingencies on their consolidated financial statements when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and when the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. For environmental remediation projects in which the timing of estimated expenditures is considered reliably determinable, CMS Energy and Consumers record the liability at its net present value, using a discount rate equal to the interest rate on monetary assets that are essentially risk-free and have maturities comparable to that of the environmental liability. Unless regulatory accounting applies, CMS Energy and Consumers expense legal fees as incurred; fees incurred but not yet billed are accrued based on estimates of work performed. Debt Issuance Costs, Discounts, Premiums, and Refinancing Costs: Upon the issuance of long-term debt, CMS Energy and Consumers defer issuance costs, discounts, and premiums and amortize those amounts over the terms of the associated debt. Debt issuance costs are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of long-term debt on the balance sheet. Upon the refinancing of long-term debt, Consumers, as a regulated entity, defers any remaining unamortized issuance costs, discounts, and premiums associated with the refinanced debt and amortizes those amounts over the term of the newly issued debt. For the non regulated portions of CMS Energy s business, any remaining unamortized issuance costs, discounts, and premiums associated with extinguished debt are charged to earnings. Derivative Instruments: In order to support ongoing operations, CMS Energy and Consumers may enter into contracts for the future purchase and sale of various commodities, such as electricity, natural gas, and coal. These forward contracts are generally long-term in nature and result in physical delivery of the 109 Table of Contents commodity at a contracted price. Most of these contracts are not subject to derivative accounting for one or more of the following reasons: they do not have a notional amount (that is, a number of units specified in a derivative instrument, such as MWh of electricity or Bcf of natural gas) they qualify for the normal purchases and sales exception they cannot be net settled due in part to the absence of an active market for the commodity Consumers also uses FTRs to manage price risk related to electricity transmission congestion. An FTR is a financial instrument that entitles its holder to receive compensation or requires its holder to remit payment for congestion-related transmission charges. Consumers accounts for FTRs as derivatives and changes in the fair value of FTRs are deferred as regulatory assets or liabilities. For details regarding CMS Energy s and Consumers derivative instruments recorded at fair value, see Note 6, Fair Value Measurements. Electricity Market Transactions: Wholesale electricity market operators require the submission of hourly day-ahead and real-time bids and offers for energy at locations across each region. CMS Energy and Consumers account for such transactions on a net hourly basis in each of the real-time and day-ahead markets, netted across all locations in the energy market. CMS Energy and Consumers record net hourly purchases in purchased and interchange power and net hourly sales in operating revenue on their consolidated statements of income. They record net billing adjustments upon receipt of settlement statements, record accruals for future net purchases and sales adjustments based on historical experience, and reconcile accruals to actual expenses and sales upon receipt of settlement statements. EPS: CMS Energy calculates basic and diluted EPS using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and dilutive potential common stock outstanding during the period. Potential common stock, for purposes of determining diluted EPS, includes the effects of nonvested stock awards, forward equity sales, and convertible securities. CMS Energy computes the effect on potential common stock using the treasury stock method. Potentially dilutive common shares issuable upon conversion of the convertible senior notes are determined using the if-converted method for calculating diluted EPS. Diluted EPS excludes the impact of antidilutive securities, which are those securities resulting in an increase in EPS or a decrease in loss per share. For EPS computations, see Note 14, Earnings Per Share CMS Energy. Impairment of Long-lived Assets and Equity Method Investments: CMS Energy and Consumers perform tests of impairment if certain triggering events occur that indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable or that there has been a decline in value that may be other than temporary. CMS Energy and Consumers evaluate long-lived assets held in use for impairment by calculating the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying amount, CMS Energy and Consumers recognize an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. CMS Energy and Consumers estimate the fair value of the asset using quoted market prices, market prices of similar assets, or discounted future cash flow analyses. CMS Energy also assesses equity method investments for impairment whenever there has been a decline in value that is other than temporary. This assessment requires CMS Energy to determine the fair value of the equity method investment. CMS Energy determines fair value using valuation methodologies, including discounted cash flows, and assesses the ability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity that justifies the carrying amount of the investment. CMS Energy records an impairment if the fair value is less than the carrying amount and the decline in value is considered to be other than temporary. 110 Table of Contents Investment Tax Credits: CMS Energy and its subsidiaries use the flow-through method of accounting for investment tax credits. Under the flow-through method, the credit is recognized as a reduction to income tax expense when the related plant, property, and equipment is placed into service. For its regulated utility assets, Consumers amortizes its investment tax credits over the life of the related property in accordance with regulatory treatment. Inventory: CMS Energy and Consumers use the weighted-average cost method for valuing working gas, recoverable base gas in underground storage facilities, and materials and supplies inventory. CMS Energy and Consumers also use this method for valuing coal inventory, and they classify these amounts as generating plant fuel stock on their consolidated balance sheets. CMS Energy and Consumers account for RECs and other environmental credits as inventory and use the weighted-average cost method to remove amounts from inventory. RECs and other environmental credits are used to satisfy compliance obligations related to the generation of power and in support of sustainability commitments. CMS Energy and Consumers classify these amounts within other assets on their consolidated balance sheets. CMS Energy and Consumers evaluate inventory for impairment as required to ensure that its carrying value does not exceed the lower of cost or net realizable value. Property Taxes: Property taxes are based on the taxable value of CMS Energy s and Consumers real and personal property assessed by local taxing authorities. CMS Energy and Consumers record property tax expense over the fiscal year of the taxing authority for which the taxes are levied. The deferred property tax balance represents the amount of CMS Energy s and Consumers accrued property tax that will be recognized over future governmental fiscal periods. Other: For additional accounting policies, see: Note 3, Regulatory Matters Note 8, Plant, Property, and Equipment Note 9, Leases Note 10, Asset Retirement Obligations Note 11, Retirement Benefits Note 12, Stock-based Compensation Note 13, Income Taxes Note 14, Earnings Per Share CMS Energy Note 15, Revenue Note 19, Variable Interest Entities 2: New Accounting Standards Implementation of New Accounting Standards ASU 2023 09, Incomes Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures: This standard, which was effective on January 1, 2025 for CMS Energy and Consumers, requires expanded annual disclosures of the income taxes, including a more detailed reconciliation of the effective tax rate and disaggregated information on federal and state income taxes. The standard also requires disclosure of significant reconciling items and qualitative information about state and local jurisdictions contributing to income tax expense. The adoption of the new standard did not impact CMS Energy s or Consumers liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. The expanded disclosures required by this standard are included in Note 13, Income Taxes. 111 Table of Contents New Accounting Standards Not Yet Effective ASU 2024-03, Income Statement Reporting Comprehensive Income Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses: This standard requires public companies to provide disaggregated information about certain expense categories presented on the income statement. The guidance calls for annual and interim disclosures that separate specified components, such as employee compensation, depreciation, and amortization, within relevant expense line items in the notes to the financial statements. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. CMS Energy and Consumers will adopt the guidance upon the effective date. The standard will not have an impact on CMS Energy s or Consumers consolidated net income, cash flows, or financial position. ASU 2025-06, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software: This standard updates guidance for capitalizing costs related to internal-use software development. The amendments remove references to the previous project stage model and clarify the threshold for when capitalization should begin, focusing on whether completion of the project is probable. The amendments are effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. The guidance may be applied on a prospective, retrospective, or modified transition basis. Early adoption is permitted. CMS Energy and Consumers are currently evaluating the new standard. 3: Regulatory Matters Regulatory matters are critical to Consumers. The Michigan Attorney General, ABATE, the MPSC Staff, residential customer advocacy groups, environmental organizations, and certain other parties typically participate in MPSC proceedings concerning Consumers, such as Consumers rate cases and PSCR and GCR processes. Intervenors also participate in certain FERC matters, including FERC s regulation of certain wholesale rates that affect Consumers power supply costs. These parties often challenge various aspects of those proceedings, including the prudence of Consumers policies and practices, and seek cost disallowances and other relief. The parties also have appealed significant MPSC and FERC orders. Depending upon the specific issues, the outcomes of rate cases and proceedings, including judicial proceedings challenging MPSC and FERC orders or other actions, could negatively affect CMS Energy s and Consumers liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Consumers cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities Consumers is subject to the actions of the MPSC and FERC and therefore prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with the provisions of regulatory accounting. A utility must apply regulatory accounting when its rates are designed to recover specific costs of providing regulated services. Under regulatory accounting, Consumers records regulatory assets or liabilities for certain transactions that would have been treated as expense or revenue by non regulated businesses. 112 Table of Contents Presented in the following table are the regulatory assets and liabilities on Consumers consolidated balance sheets: In Millions December 31 2025 2024 Regulatory assets Current Energy waste reduction plan incentive 1 $ 66 $ 60 Retention incentive program 2 10 18 2022 PSCR underrecovery 3 126 Other 28 25 Total current regulatory assets $ 104 $ 229 Non-current Costs of coal-fueled electric generating units to be retired 3 $ 1,179 $ 1,266 Postretirement benefits 2 589 747 Securitized costs 3 549 666 ARO 4 379 366 Decommissioning costs 2 197 158 Unamortized loss on reacquired debt 3 89 92 MGP sites 3 82 90 Energy waste reduction plan incentive 1 64 64 Ludington overhaul contract dispute 2 60 31 Service restoration cost deferral 4 52 Energy waste reduction plan 3 26 31 Postretirement benefits expense deferral mechanism 2 22 21 Renewable Energy Plan 3 7 Retention incentive program 2 6 12 Other 54 25 Total non-current regulatory assets $ 3,355 $ 3,569 Total regulatory assets $ 3,459 $ 3,798 Regulatory liabilities Current Income taxes, net $ 47 $ 53 ASP gain 28 47 Other 10 11 Total current regulatory liabilities $ 85 $ 111 Non-current Cost of removal $ 2,727 $ 2,665 Income taxes, net 1,118 1,163 Energy waste reduction plan 68 41 Green giving program 41 Postretirement benefits expense deferral mechanism 40 37 Renewable energy grant 38 40 ASP gain 19 46 Renewable Energy Plan 51 Other 40 24 Total non-current regulatory liabilities $ 4,091 $ 4,067 Total regulatory liabilities $ 4,176 $ 4,178 113 Table of Contents 1 These regulatory assets have arisen from an alternative-revenue program and are not associated with incurred costs or capital investments. Therefore, the MPSC has provided for recovery without a return. 2 This regulatory asset is included in rate base, thereby providing a return. 3 The MPSC has provided a specific return on these regulatory assets. 4 These regulatory assets represent incurred costs for which the MPSC has provided recovery without a return on investment. Regulatory Assets Energy Waste Reduction Plan Incentive: The energy waste reduction incentive mechanism provides a financial incentive if the energy savings of Consumers customers exceed annual targets established by the MPSC. Consumers accounts for this program as an alternative-revenue program that meets the criteria for recognizing revenue related to the incentive as soon as energy savings exceed the annual targets established by the MPSC. In January 2026, the MPSC approved a settlement agreement authorizing Consumers to collect $ 64 million during 2026 as an incentive for exceeding its statutory savings targets in 2024. Consumers recognized incentive revenue under this program of $ 64 million in 2024. Consumers also exceeded its statutory savings targets in 2025, achieved certain other goals, and will request the MPSC s approval to collect $ 64 million in the energy waste reduction reconciliation to be filed in May 2026. Consumers recognized incentive revenue under this program of $ 64 million in 2025. Retention Incentive Program: To ensure necessary staffing at the D.E. Karn and J