=== EL_2025-09-25.htm.gz ===
tm2523020-3_nonfiling - none - 52.2618383s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. 767 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10153 William P. Lauder Chair of the Board September 25, 2025 Dear Fellow Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. It will be held on Thursday, November 13, 2025, at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, where we will ask you to vote on the items set forth in the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders below. Our Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual-only meeting format via live webcast on the Internet. Please submit your proxy online or by telephone, or request a printed copy of the proxy materials and return the completed proxy card by mail. Instructions on each of these voting methods are outlined in this Proxy Statement. Please submit your proxy as soon as possible. As this is the first annual meeting to take place since the passing of my father and Chairman Emeritus, Leonard A. Lauder, I want to take a moment to remember him and, on behalf of our Board, our executive team, myself and the rest of the Lauder family extend our heartfelt gratitude for the sympathy shared. We were profoundly moved by the outpouring of compassion by so many, including employees, stockholders and customers. Your condolences celebrated a life beautifully lived and a legacy deeply felt, recognizing how he uniquely shaped and revolutionized not just our Company but also the beauty industry. Thank you for your continued support. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE PROMPTLY SUBMIT YOUR PROXY ONLINE, BY TELEPHONE, OR MAIL. TABLE OF CONTENTS THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 767 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10153 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date: Thursday, November 13, 2025 Time: 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time Meeting Format: We are holding the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting ) in a virtual-only meeting format via live webcast on the Internet. You will not be able to attend at a physical location. Stockholders will be able to join and attend online by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EL2025. Additional information is provided below, including under the heading How can I attend the virtual-only Annual Meeting? ITEMS OF BUSINESS: 1. To elect the five Class II Director Nominees named in the accompanying proxy statement as Directors to serve until the 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and the one Class I Director Nominee named in the accompanying proxy statement to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; 2. To ratify the Audit Committee s appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent auditors for the 2026 fiscal year; 3. To provide an advisory vote to approve executive compensation; 4. To approve amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate the monetary liability of certain officers as permitted by Delaware law and to make certain miscellaneous changes to Article IV thereof; and 5. To approve amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to make certain miscellaneous changes to Articles V and VI thereof. The proposed amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation as set forth in Appendices B and C to the accompanying proxy statement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Notice. We also will transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. By Order of the Board of Directors SPENCER G. SMUL Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary New York, New York September 25, 2025 THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS URGES YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY ONLINE OR BY TELEPHONE OR BY REQUESTING A PRINTED COPY OF THE PROXY MATERIALS AND COMPLETING AND RETURNING BY MAIL THE PROXY CARD YOU RECEIVE IN RESPONSE TO YOUR REQUEST. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2025 ANNUAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON NOVEMBER 13, 2025: The Company s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 with certain exhibits (which constitutes the Annual Report to Stockholders ) are available at www.proxyvote.com . TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Proxy Statement Summary 1 Information About the Annual Meeting and Voting 6 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Item 1) 11 Board of Directors 11 Director Qualifications 11 NOMINEES FOR ELECTION TO TERM EXPIRING 2028 (CLASS II) 13 NOMINEE FOR ELECTION TO TERM EXPIRING 2027 (CLASS I) 15 INCUMBENT DIRECTORS TERM EXPIRING 2026 (CLASS III) 16 INCUMBENT DIRECTORS TERM EXPIRING 2027 (CLASS I) 18 Additional Information Regarding the Board of Directors 20 Stockholders Agreement and Lauder Family Control 20 Controlled Company Exemptions 20 Board Committees 20 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 22 Board and Board Committee Meetings; Annual Meeting Attendance; and Executive Sessions 22 Board Leadership Structure 22 Lauder Family Control 23 CEO Succession Planning Process 24 Board Role in Risk Oversight 24 Risk in Compensation Programs 25 Board Membership Criteria 25 Board Independence Standards for Directors 26 Communications with the Board 27 Director Nominees Recommended by Stockholders 27 Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct 27 Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedures 27 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 28 Director Compensation 34 Ownership of Shares 39 Executive Compensation 44 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 44 Compensation Committee and Stock Plan Subcommittee Report 70 Summary Compensation Table 71 Employment Agreements 73 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2025 76 Outstanding Equity Awards at June 30, 2025 78 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2025 80 Pension Benefits 81 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation in Fiscal 2025 83 Potential Payments upon Termination of Employment or Change of Control 83 Pay Ratio Disclosure 89 Pay Versus Performance 90 Audit Committee Report 93 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS (Item 2) 94 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (Item 3) 96 APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS TO THE RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO ELIMINATE THE MONETARY LIABILITY OF CERTAIN OFFICERS AS PERMITTED BY DELAWARE LAW AND TO MAKE CERTAIN MISCELLANEOUS CHANGES TO ARTICLE IV THEREOF (Item 4) 97 APPROVAL OF AMENDMENTS TO THE RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO MAKE CERTAIN MISCELLANEOUS CHANGES TO ARTICLES V AND VI THEREOF (Item 5) 99 Proxy Procedure and Expenses of Solicitation 101 Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2026 Annual Meeting 101 Other Information 102 Appendix A Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures A-1 Appendix B Text of Proposed Item 4 Amendments to Restated Certificate of Incorporation B-1 Appendix C Text of Proposed Item 5 Amendments to Restated Certificate of Incorporation C-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. This Proxy Statement and form of proxy are expected to be mailed or made available online to stockholders receiving electronic delivery on or around September 25, 2025. 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time: Thursday, November 13, 2025 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time Place: The Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual-only format via live webcast on the Internet: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EL2025 Record Date: September 15, 2025 Voting Matters ITEMS OF BUSINESS BOARD RECOMMENDATION PROXY STATEMENT DISCLOSURE 1 Election of five Class II Directors and one Class I Director FOR each Director Nominee Page 11 2 Ratification of Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Independent Auditors FOR Page 94 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation FOR Page 96 4 Approve Amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Eliminate the Monetary Liability of Certain Officers as Permitted by Delaware Law and to Make Certain Miscellaneous Changes to Article IV thereof FOR Page 97 5 Approve Amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Make Certain Miscellaneous Changes to Articles V and VI thereof FOR Page 99 2025 Proxy Statement | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominees Below is information about the five Class II Director Nominees standing for election to serve until the 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and one Class I Director Nominee standing for election to serve until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, reflecting committee assignments as of September 15, 2025 (the Record Date ). Additional information about these Director Nominees and the other Directors can be found in this Proxy Statement. See Election of Directors. Nominee Class II Current Position Committee Membership William P. Lauder Chair of the Board, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Nominating and ESG Committee Annabelle Yu Long Founding and Managing Partner, BAI Capital Dana Strong, CBE Chief Executive Officer, Sky Group Limited Jennifer Tejada Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board, PagerDuty, Inc. Nominating and ESG Committee (Chair) Richard F. Zannino Managing Director, CCMP Capital Advisors, LLC Audit Committee (Chair) Nominee Class I Current Position Committee Membership Eric L. Zinterhofer Founding Partner, Searchlight Capital Partners, L.P. Compensation Committee Eric L. Zinterhofer currently serves as a Class II Director. In reviewing its composition, the Board of Directors determined, with Mr. Zinterhofer s consent, to nominate him to serve as a Class I Director, for which he will, if elected, hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 2 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Proxy Statement | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS 4 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Highlights Select Compensation Matters Senior Leadership Team Annualized Target Compensation Expense Reduction Through the executive leadership team realignment and by streamlining the broader senior leadership team, we are driving a 28% reduction in annualized target compensation expense.* Mr. de La Faverie CEO Annual Compensation In connection with Mr. de La Faverie s promotion to President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2025, and under his Amended Employment Agreement, his annual base salary was set at $1.5 million, his annual bonus opportunity at $3.0 million, and his annual equity-award target opportunity at $10.0 million. For additional information, see CEO Compensation. Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ) Annual Stock-Based Grants for Fiscal 2025 The relative mix of long-term equity-based compensation for the NEOs in fiscal 2025 was 40% Performance Share Units ( PSUs ) (up from 33% in fiscal 2024), 40% Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ) (up from 33%), and 20% Stock Options (down from 33%). In addition, the maximum potential equity value for annual long-term incentive grants was reduced by bringing down the maximum Individual Performance Percentage factor from 125% to 120%. These awards are shown in Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2025. EAIP Payouts for NEOs for Fiscal 2025 are Below Target Our NEOs achieved fiscal 2025 payout percentages under the Executive Annual Incentive Plan ( EAIP ) ranging from 47.5% to 59.2% out of a possible maximum of 150% of target bonus opportunities. Such payouts were determined by applying the payout percentages to the fiscal 2025 target bonus opportunities and are shown in the Summary Compensation Table. No Payout of Annual PSUs granted to NEOs in Fiscal 2023 Based on the Company s below-threshold performance over the three-year period ended June 30, 2025, the annual PSUs granted in September 2022 (fiscal 2023) resulted in no payouts to our NEOs. Executive Leadership Changes in Fiscal 2025 We signed agreements with Mr. Freda and certain other executive officers in connection with the transition of leadership. For additional information, see Named Executive Officer Transitions (Fabrizio Freda, Tracey T. Travis, and Peter Jueptner). * Savings based on comparison of annualized target compensation of the senior leadership team prior to the change in CEO in fiscal 2025 to the current senior leadership team (including those prior senior leaders who remain employed by the Company and are not expected to retire or otherwise depart). 2025 Proxy Statement | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS THE EST E LAUDER COMPANIES INC. 767 Fifth Avenue New York, New York 10153 PROXY STATEMENT FOR ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD NOVEMBER 13, 2025 September 25, 2025 Annual Meeting and Voting This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies on behalf of the Board of Directors of The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. (the Company, we, or us ), a Delaware corporation, to be voted at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting or Annual Meeting ) to be held in a virtual-only meeting format via live webcast on Thursday, November 13, 2025, at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, and at any adjournment or postponement of the meeting. How can I attend the virtual-only Annual Meeting? We are holding the Annual Meeting in a virtual-only meeting format. If you are a registered stockholder or beneficial owner of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock holding shares at the close of business on September 15, 2025 (the Record Date ), you may join the Annual Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EL2025 and logging in with the 16-digit control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form, or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ), as applicable. If you do not have your 16-digit control number or are not a stockholder, you will be able to register as a guest to view the live webcast by visiting the website referenced in this paragraph; however, you will not be able to vote or submit questions during the meeting. You may access the meeting by logging into www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EL2025 beginning at 8:45 a.m., Eastern Time, on November 13, 2025. The Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time. How can I ask a question before and during the Annual Meeting? Stockholders of record may submit questions either before or during the meeting. If you wish to submit a question before the meeting, you may log into www.proxyvote.com using your 16-digit control number and follow the instructions to submit a question. Alternatively, if you wish to submit a question during the meeting, log into the virtual meeting platform at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EL2025 using your 16-digit control number and follow the instructions to submit a question. Who may vote? Only stockholders of record of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock at the close of business on the Record Date are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. Each owner of record is entitled to one vote per share of Class A Common Stock and 10 votes per share of Class B Common Stock held as of the Record Date. As of the Record Date, there were 234,815,064 shares of Class A Common Stock and 125,542,029 shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. Why did I receive a notice in the mail regarding the Internet availability of the proxy materials instead of a paper copy of the proxy materials? In accordance with rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), we have elected to furnish to our stockholders this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report to Stockholders by providing access to these documents on the Internet rather than mailing printed copies. Accordingly, the Notice is being mailed to our stockholders of record and beneficial owners (other than those who previously requested printed copies or electronic delivery of our proxy materials), which directs stockholders to a website where they can access our proxy materials and view 6 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS instructions on how to vote online or by telephone. If you would prefer to receive a paper copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions included in the Notice. How do I cast my vote if I am a stockholder of record? If you are a stockholder of record (which means your shares are registered directly in your name with the Company s transfer agent, Computershare, Inc., or you have a physical stock certificate), you can submit your proxy in one of the following ways prior to the meeting, (i) over the Internet via www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions; (ii) if you received a proxy card, you can return the proxy card via mail in the postage paid envelope provided for that purpose; (iii) by telephone; or (iv) by following the instructions provided on the Notice, and by requesting a printed copy of our proxy materials and completing and returning by mail the proxy card you receive in response to your request. During the Annual Meeting, you may vote online by following the instructions at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EL2025 . Whichever method you use, each valid proxy received in time will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with your instructions. To ensure that your proxy is voted, it should be received before November 13, 2025. If you submit a proxy without giving instructions, your shares will be voted as recommended by the Board of Directors. How do I cast my vote if my shares are held in street name? If you are a beneficial owner of shares held in a stock brokerage account or by a broker, bank or other nominee (i.e. in street name ), you can submit your voting instructions prior to the meeting to your broker, bank or other nominee by following the instructions that you will receive from your broker, bank, or nominee describing the available processes for voting your shares. Your broker must vote those shares in accordance with your voting instructions. If you do not provide instructions, your broker may vote on discretionary items at the Annual Meeting specifically, ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (Item 2) and the approval of amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to make certain miscellaneous changes to Articles V and VI thereof (Item 5) but not on any other items. Important Consideration for street name holders: You must instruct your broker if you want your shares to be voted in the election of directors at the Annual Meeting (Item 1), the advisory vote to approve executive compensation (Item 3), and the approval of amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate the monetary liability of certain officers as permitted by Delaware law and to make certain miscellaneous changes to Article IV thereof (Item 4). New York Stock Exchange rules prevent your broker from voting your shares on these matters without your instructions. Please follow the instructions provided by your broker so that your vote can be counted. May I change my vote? All proxies delivered pursuant to this solicitation are revocable at any time before they are exercised, at the option of the persons submitting them, by giving written notice to the Secretary of the Company at the mailing address set forth below or by submitting a later-dated proxy (either by mail, telephone, or Internet). The mailing address of our principal executive office is 767 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10153. If you attend the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EL2025 , you may revoke your proxy and change your vote by voting online during the meeting. Attendance at the Annual Meeting alone will not revoke a proxy. What constitutes a quorum? The holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions, broker non-votes, and votes withheld are included in the count to determine a quorum. 2025 Proxy Statement | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS What if a quorum is not represented at the Annual Meeting? The Chair of the Board or the holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the stockholders who are present in person or by proxy may adjourn the meeting whether or not a quorum is present. At a subsequent meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called. What is the vote required to approve each proposal? Proposal Vote required for approval (Class A and Class B Common Stock, voting together) Effect of abstentions Effect of broker non-votes (c) Item 1: Election of five Class II Directors and one Class I Director Plurality of Votes Cast (a) Not applicable No effect Item 2: Ratify appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent auditors Majority of Votes Cast No effect No effect (d) Item 3: Advisory vote to approve Executive Compensation Majority of Votes Cast (b) No effect No effect Item 4: Approval of amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate the monetary liability of certain officers as permitted by Delaware law and to make certain miscellaneous changes to Article IV thereof Majority of the voting power of shares outstanding Same as against vote Same as against vote Item 5: Approval of amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to make certain miscellaneous changes to Articles V and VI thereof At least 75% of the voting power of shares outstanding Same as against vote Same as against vote (d) (a) In the election of directors (Item 1), shares present at the Annual Meeting that are not voted for a particular nominee, broker non-votes, and shares present by proxy where the stockholder withholds authority to vote for the nominee will not be counted toward the nominee s achievement of a plurality. In accordance with our Amended and Restated Bylaws, directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast. However, at any meeting of stockholders where a director does not receive a majority of the votes cast (i.e., the number of votes cast for a director s election does not exceed the number of votes cast against or withheld ), that director is required to promptly submit a written resignation to the Board following certification of the stockholder vote. In deciding whether to accept or reject the resignation, the Board will, within ninety (90) days following the certification of the election results, consider relevant factors and any additional information it deems appropriate. The director whose resignation is under consideration is expected to recuse themselves from the Board s vote. The Board will promptly and publicly disclose its decision, including, if applicable, the reason(s) for rejecting the resignation. (b) The advisory vote to approve executive compensation (Item 3) is not binding on the Company. However, the Compensation Committee and the Stock Plan Subcommittee, which are responsible for designing and administering the Company s executive compensation program, value the opinions expressed by stockholders. For additional information, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation. 8 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS (c) A broker non-vote occurs with respect to a proposal when a broker or other nominee has discretionary authority to vote shares on one or more proposals to be voted on at a meeting of stockholders but is not permitted to vote on other proposals without instructions from the beneficial owner. Under the rules of the NYSE, brokers or other nominees may generally vote on routine matters without instructions from a beneficial owner but cannot vote on non-routine matters. Whether a proposal is considered routine or non-routine is determined by the NYSE. It is expected that Items 2 and 5 will be the only routine proposals voted on at the Annual Meeting. Some brokers choose not to exercise discretionary voting authority and cast broker non-votes with respect to routine matters if they do not receive voting instructions from the beneficial owner. For additional information, see How do I cast my vote if my shares are held in street name? (d) Because Items 2 and 5 are considered routine matters by the NYSE, there may not be any broker non-votes with respect to these proposals. However, if there are any broker non-votes, then on Item 2 they will have no effect on the outcome of the vote and on Item 5 they will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal. How will my shares be voted? All proxies properly submitted pursuant to this solicitation and not revoked will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the directions given. In the election of directors (Item 1), stockholders may vote in favor of, or withhold their votes from, each nominee. For the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (Item 2); the advisory vote to approve executive compensation (Item 3); and the votes to amend the Restated Articles of Incorporation (Items 4 and 5), stockholders may vote in favor of the proposal, may vote against the proposal, or may abstain from voting. Stockholders should specify their choices on the proxy card or pursuant to the instructions thereon for submitting a proxy by telephone or through the Internet. If no specific choices are indicated, the shares represented by a properly submitted proxy will be voted: 1. FOR the election of each nominee as director; 2. FOR the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent auditors; 3. FOR the advisory vote to approve executive compensation; 4. FOR the approval of amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate the monetary liability of certain officers as permitted by Delaware law and to make certain miscellaneous changes to Article IV thereof; and 5. FOR the approval of amendments to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to make certain miscellaneous changes to Articles V and VI thereof. If you have properly submitted a proxy, and other matters are properly presented at the Annual Meeting for consideration, the proxy holders appointed by the Board of Directors (the persons named in your proxy card if you are a stockholder of record) will have the discretion to vote on those matters for you. Who will count the vote? Representatives of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. will tabulate the votes and act as inspectors of election. May I see a list of stockholders entitled to vote as of the Record Date? In accordance with Delaware law, a list of registered stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting will be available for examination by any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the Annual Meeting during ordinary business hours at the principal offices of the Company (in the office of Spencer G. Smul, Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary of the Company, 767 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10153), during the ten days ending on the day before the Annual Meeting. 2025 Proxy Statement | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Can I access the Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement, and Annual Report to Stockholders on the Internet? Our Proxy Statement, Notice, and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 with certain exhibits (which constitutes the Annual Report to Stockholders ) are available for stockholders at www.proxyvote.com. These materials are also available in the Investors section of our website at www.elcompanies.com . Instead of receiving future copies of our Proxy Statement, Notice, and Annual Report to Stockholders by mail, stockholders can access these materials online. Opting to receive your proxy materials online helps us reduce the cost of producing and mailing these documents. You will be provided with an electronic link to access the proxy voting site. Stockholders of record can enroll at www.proxyvote.com for online access to future proxy materials. If you hold your shares in a bank or brokerage account, you also may have the opportunity to receive copies of these documents electronically. Please check the information provided in the proxy materials mailed to you by your bank or broker regarding the availability of this service. What is householding and how may I obtain a separate set of proxy materials? Householding is a procedure approved by the SEC under which multiple stockholders (of record or beneficially) who have the same address may receive only one copy of a company s Proxy Statement, Notice, and Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless one or more of these stockholders notifies the company, broker, bank, or other intermediary, as applicable, that it wishes to receive separate copies. We do not household for our stockholders of record. However, if you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name, your broker, bank, or other intermediary may be householding your account. If you are a street name holder, you may contact your broker, bank, or other intermediary directly if you wish (i) to receive a separate copy of the Company s Proxy Statement, Notice, or Annual Report on Form 10-K, as applicable, now or in the future or, alternatively, (ii) to request householding if you and other stockholders at your address are receiving multiple copies. In addition, you may (i) write to the Householding Department at Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717, or (ii) phone (866) 540-7095. 10 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Election of Directors (Item 1) Board of Directors As of the Record Date (September 15, 2025), our Board of Directors (the Board ) is comprised of 14 directors, divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. As of the Record Date, Class I consists of four directors, Class II consists of five directors, and Class III consists of five directors. Although stockholders typically elect the members of a single class annually, at the 2025 Annual Meeting, stockholders will vote to elect the directors in Class II, as well as one director currently serving as a Class II Director who has been nominated to serve as a Class I director. The directors whose terms will expire at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are William P. Lauder, Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Jennifer Tejada, Richard F. Zannino, and Eric L. Zinterhofer. Mr. W. Lauder, Ms. Tejada, and Mr. Zannino each has been nominated for re-election as a Class II Director at the 2025 Annual Meeting, to hold office until the 2028 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement or removal. Mr. Zinterhofer currently serves as a Class II Director. With Mr. Zinterhofer s consent, the Board has nominated him to serve as a Class I Director. If elected, Mr. Zinterhofer will hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until his successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation, retirement or removal. Lady de Rothschild notified the Company in July 2025 of her decision not to stand for re-election as a Class II Director at the 2025 Annual Meeting. She is expected to remain on the Board until such meeting when her current term expires. Annabelle Yu Long and Dana Strong, CBE have been nominated by the Board to stand for election as Class II Directors at the 2025 Annual meeting. Accordingly, the nominees for election as Class II Directors at the 2025 Annual Meeting are Mr. W. Lauder, Ms. Long, Ms. Strong, Ms. Tejada, and Mr. Zannino. In the unanticipated event that one or more of the nominees is unable or declines to serve for any reason, the Board may reduce the number of directors or take action to fill any vacancy. In July 2025, Angela Wei Dong, a Class III Director, notified the Company that she will retire from the Board effective November 12, 2025. It is expected that immediately after the Annual Meeting, Class I will consist of five directors, Class II will consist of five directors, and Class III will consist of four directors. In fiscal 2025, the following changes occurred on our Board: (i) Richard D. Parsons, a Class II Director, retired on December 3, 2024; (ii) Fabrizio Freda, a Class III Director, resigned from the Board and St phane de La Faverie, our President and CEO, was appointed to fill the resulting Class III vacancy effective January 1, 2025; (iii) Ronald S. Lauder, a Class II Director, retired and Eric L. Zinterhofer was elected by the Board as a Class II Director effective January 10, 2025. Mr. Zinterhofer is Mr. R. Lauder s designee under the Stockholders Agreement (see Additional Information Regarding the Board of Directors Stockholder s Agreement and Lauder Family Control ). Lauder Family Members, including related entities, who control the Company have agreed to vote their shares in favor of four individuals as directors when they are up for election: Gary M. Lauder, Jane Lauder, William P. Lauder, and Eric L. Zinterhofer. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Lauder Family Relationships and Compensation for the definition of Lauder Family Members . The Company is grateful to Lady de Rothschild and Ms. Dong for their contributions during the time each served on our Board. Director Qualifications. Our Board consists of individuals with diverse and complementary business, leadership, and financial experience. Many of our directors bring leadership experience from major domestic and multinational companies, as well as service on the boards of other companies and organizations, which provides valuable insight into a range of business processes, challenges, and strategies. Other directors have backgrounds in government, legal, public policy, or media, offering perspectives on issues commonly faced by 2025 Proxy Statement | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS public companies. The members of the Board are inquisitive and collaborative, challenging yet supportive, and demonstrate maturity and sound judgment in the performance of their duties. The Board believes that the attributes described above, together with the leadership skills and other experience of its members, some of which are described in the biographies below, provide the necessary perspective and judgment to guide the Company s long-term strategy, monitor its execution, and provide oversight of management. Beginning in fiscal 2025, as part of its ongoing evaluation of our corporate governance practices, the Board determined that no director (other than the CEO) will be nominated for election to the Board after their 74 th birthday. The Board evaluates nominees in the context of the Board as a whole, with the objective of recommending a group that can best support the success of the business and, based on the group s diversity of experience, represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment. Such diversity of experience may be enhanced by a mix of different professional and personal backgrounds and experiences. While the Company does not have a specific policy on gender and racial diversity of the Board, we are proud to have a diverse Board. As of the Record Date, eight directors are men; six directors are women; eleven self-identify as white; one director self-identifies as Afro-Latino; and two self-identify as Asian. The Board recommends a vote FOR each Class II nominee as a director to hold office until the 2028 Annual Meeting, and FOR the Class I nominee as a director to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting. Proxies received by the Board will be so voted unless a contrary choice is specified in the proxy. 12 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Nominees for Election to Term Expiring 2028 (Class II) William P. Lauder Director since 1996 Age 65 Committee: Nominating and ESG Committee BACKGROUND Mr. W. Lauder is Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company. He was Executive Chairman of the Company from June 2009 through November 8, 2024, and retired from the Company on February 28, 2025. Mr. Lauder was Chief Executive Officer of the Company from March 2008 through June 2009 and President and Chief Executive Officer from July 2004 through February 2008. From January 2003 through June 2004, he was Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Lauder joined the Company in 1986 and has served in various capacities. From July 2001 through 2002, he was Group President, responsible for the worldwide business of the Clinique and Origins brands and the Company s retail store and online operations. From 1998 to 2001, Mr. Lauder was President of Clinique Laboratories, LLC. Prior to 1998, he was President of Origins Natural Resources Inc. Within the past five years, Mr. Lauder served as a director of ICG Hypersonic Acquisition Corp. He currently serves as Chairman of the Board of the Fresh Air Fund, as an Emeritus Trustee of the University of Pennsylvania and The Trinity School in New York City, and as a member of the boards of directors of 92NY and the Partnership for New York City. Mr. Lauder is also Co-Chairman of the Breast Cancer Research Foundation. QUALIFICATIONS Global business, marketing, and consumer and luxury brand industry experience through leadership roles at The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Experience leading successful creative organizations with innovation programs based on research and development Board experience at ICG Hypersonic Acquisition Corp. GLG Partners, Inc., and Jarden Corporation An Emeritus Trustee of the University of Pennsylvania and lecturer at The Wharton School Financial experience Lauder family stockholder and party to Stockholders Agreement Annabelle Yu Long Nominee in 2025 Age 52 BACKGROUND Ms. Long is the Founding and Managing Partner of BAI Capital, a leading venture capital fund in China. She has served in her current role since 2021, and prior to that she was the Chief Executive Officer of Bertelsmann China Corporate Center and the Managing Partner of Bertelsmann Asia Investments from 2008 to 2020. Ms. Long also serves as a member of the Bertelsmann Group Management Committee. She serves on the boards of directors of Tapestry, Inc., NIO Inc., The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, and LexinFintech Holdings Ltd. Within the past five years, she also served as a member of the Board of Directors of Linmon Media Limited. QUALIFICATIONS Global entrepreneurial, consumer product, technology, investing and management experience in her role as Managing Partner of BAI Capital, including within China Board experience at Tapestry, Inc., The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, NIO Inc., Linmon Media Limited, and LexinFintech Holdings Ltd. Financial experience 2025 Proxy Statement | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Dana Strong, CBE Nominee in 2025 Age 55 BACKGROUND Ms. Strong is Chief Executive Officer of Sky Group Limited ( Sky ), a European media and telecommunications company. Sky is the European subsidiary of Comcast Corporation (a global media and technology company). Ms. Strong serves on the Board of SkyShowtime, a joint venture between Comcast Corporation and Paramount Global. Prior to joining Sky in 2021, Ms. Strong served as President of Xfinity Consumer Services at Comcast from 2018 to 2021. Prior to joining Comcast Ms. Strong was an executive and served in various positions of increasing responsibility at Liberty Global Limited from 1999-2018. She currently serves on the EMEA Advisory Board of the Wharton School and was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 2025 for services to the media industry. QUALIFICATIONS Global executive experience across 25 years in media, technology, and telecommunications through leadership roles at Comcast and Liberty Global Leadership experience of large-scale consumer-facing businesses in the U.S. and Europe Strategic and operational expertise with international perspective Business transformation experience Board experience at Telenet Group Holding NV Financial experience Jennifer Tejada Director since 2018 Age 54 Committee: Nominating and ESG Committee (Chair) BACKGROUND Ms. Tejada is Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of PagerDuty, Inc., a digital operations management platform for businesses. Prior to joining PagerDuty in 2016, she was President and Chief Executive Officer of Keynote Systems Corporation, a software company specializing in digital performance analytics and web and mobile testing, from 2013 to 2015. Ms. Tejada was Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of Mincom, an enterprise software company, from 2008 to 2011. She has also previously held senior positions at Merivale Group, The Procter Gamble Company, and i2 Technologies. Within the past five years, Ms. Tejada served as a director of UiPath, Inc. QUALIFICATIONS Management experience at PagerDuty, Inc., Keynote Systems Corporation, and Mincom Digital, mobile, cyber, and software experience Consumer goods experience Experience working abroad Board experience at PagerDuty, Inc. and UiPath, Inc. Financial experience 14 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Richard F. Zannino Director since 2010 Age 66 Lead Independent Director Committee: Audit Committee (Chair) BACKGROUND Mr. Zannino is a Managing Director at the private equity firm CCMP Capital Advisors, LLC. He is a partner on the firm s Investment Committee and co-heads the consumer retail practice. Prior to joining CCMP Capital, Mr. Zannino was an independent retail and media advisor from February 2008 to June 2009. He was Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Dow Jones Company, Inc. from February 2006 until January 2008. Mr. Zannino joined Dow Jones as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in February 2001 and was promoted to Chief Operating Officer in July 2002. From 1998 to 2001, he was Executive Vice President of Liz Claiborne, Inc., where he oversaw the finance, administration, retail, fragrance, and licensing divisions. From 1993 to 1998, Mr. Zannino was with Saks Fifth Avenue, serving as Vice President and Treasurer, Senior Vice President, Finance and Merchandise Planning, and then Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Zannino is on the boards of directors of IAC/InterActiveCorp and Ollie s Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. Within the past five years, Mr. Zannino served as a director of Hillman Solutions Corp. He currently serves as Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Pace University. QUALIFICATIONS Management, media, finance, retail, and consumer brand industry experience in various positions at Dow Jones Company, Inc., Liz Claiborne, Inc., and Saks Fifth Avenue Consumer, retail, media, and private equity experience at CCMP Capital Advisors, LLC Board experience at Dow Jones Company, Inc., Francesca s Holdings Corporation, Hillman Solutions Corp., IAC/ InterActiveCorp, and Ollie s Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. Trustee of Pace University Financial experience Nominee for Election to Term Expiring 2027 (Class I) Eric L. Zinterhofer Director since 2025 Age 54 Committee: Compensation Committee BACKGROUND Mr. Zinterhofer is a Founding Partner of Searchlight Capital Partners, L.P., a private equity firm. He serves on the Investment Committee, Operating Committee and Valuation Committee, and is jointly responsible for overseeing the Firm s activities with the two other Founding Partners. In his capacity at Searchlight, Mr. Zinterhofer advises on a wide range of transactions, including leveraged buyouts, growth equity, recapitalizations and investments for companies. Previously, he served as a senior partner at Apollo Management, L.P. from 1998 until May 2010. Mr. Zinterhofer is Chairman of the Board of Charter Communications, Inc. and a member of the Board of Directors of Liberty Latin America Ltd. Within the past five years, he served as a director of Global Eagle Entertainment, Inc. and Hemisphere Media Group. QUALIFICATIONS Management experience at Searchlight Capital Partners, L.P. Private equity, investment banking, and portfolio management experience at Searchlight Capital Partners, L.P. and Apollo Management, L.P. Board experience at Charter Communications and Liberty Latin America Ltd. Financial experience Lauder family member and designee under Stockholders Agreement 2025 Proxy Statement | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Incumbent Directors Term Expiring 2026 (Class III) Charlene Barshefsky Director since 2001 Age 75 Committees: Compensation Committee and Stock Plan Subcommittee BACKGROUND Ambassador Barshefsky is Chair of Parkside Global Advisors, a consulting firm. Until March 2021, she was Senior International Partner at WilmerHale, a multinational law firm based in Washington, D.C. Prior to joining the law firm in 2001, she was the United States Trade Representative from 1997 to 2001, and Deputy United States Trade Representative and Acting United States Trade Representative from 1993 to 1996. Ambassador Barshefsky is a member of the Board of Directors of Stagwell Inc. Within the past five years, she served as a member of the Board of Directors of American Express Company. Ambassador Barshefsky is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and a trustee of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. QUALIFICATIONS International, government, and public policy experience as United States Trade Representative Legal experience, including as Senior International Partner at WilmerHale Board experience at American Express Company, Intel Corporation, Stagwell Inc., and Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc. Trustee of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute St phane de La Faverie Director since 2025 Age 51 BACKGROUND Mr. de La Faverie has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 2025. From September 2022 through December 31, 2024, he was Executive Group President, overseeing many of the Company s brands, including Est e Lauder, Jo Malone London, The Ordinary, and Le Labo. He also led global strategy for the makeup and fragrance categories. From July 2020 through August 2022, as Group President and Global Brand President, Est e Lauder and AERIN Beauty, Mr. de La Faverie oversaw a portfolio of skin care and luxury fragrance brands. Since joining the Company in January 2011, Mr. de La Faverie served in various other positions, including Global Brand President, Est e Lauder (from July 2016 to June 2020). Prior to joining the company, Mr. de La Faverie was General Manager, Giorgio Armani USA, a division of L Or al Paris. He also served in a number of positions at L Or al Group Luxury Product Division, including with the Lanc me Global brand where his roles included the responsibility over marketing operations of fragrances and skin care (face and body) at Lanc me USA. QUALIFICATIONS Global management and other business, consumer and luxury brand industry experience as President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as other leadership positions at the Company Similar experience, including overseeing marketing operations and brand building, in leadership positions at Giorgio Armani USA and the Lanc me Global Brand Experience working abroad Financial experience 16 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Gary M. Lauder Director since 2023 Age 63 BACKGROUND Mr. G. Lauder is the Managing Director of Lauder Partners LLC, a Silicon Valley-based venture capital firm. He has been a venture capitalist since 1985, investing in over 170 private companies across diverse industries. Presently, he invests in technology companies in biomedical, law enforcement, security, and other fields. Mr. Lauder has served as a board member or observer at a number of private companies. In addition, he currently serves on the Advisory Council of the Aspen Institute Science Society Program and on the Board of Governors of the Alzheimer s Drug Discovery Foundation. QUALIFICATIONS Venture capital and investment experience as Managing Director of Lauder Partners LLC Technology innovation and intellectual property experience Board experience at ShotSpotter Inc. (renamed SoundThinking, Inc.) Affiliation with non-profit organizations (Aspen Institute and Alzheimer s Drug Discovery Foundation) Financial experience Lauder family stockholder and party to Stockholders Agreement Jane Lauder Director since 2009 Age 52 BACKGROUND Ms. Lauder is the former Executive Vice President, Enterprise Marketing and Chief Data Officer of the Company, and served in this role from July 2020 to December 31, 2024. Ms. Lauder was Global Brand President, Clinique from April 2014 to July 2020. She began her career with the Company in 1996 at Clinique and has served in various positions throughout the Company. Previously, she was Global President, General Manager of the Origins, Ojon, and Darphin brands from July 2010 to April 2014. She was Senior Vice President/General Manager of the Origins brand from July 2008 to July 2010, and Senior Vice President, Global Marketing for Clinique from July 2006 to July 2008. Ms. Lauder is a member of the Board of Directors of Eventbrite, Inc. She also serves on the Stanford University Board of Trustees. QUALIFICATIONS Management, marketing, and other industry experience through leadership roles at The Est e Lauder Companies Inc. Digital and technology experience Board experience at Eventbrite, Inc. Trustee of Stanford University Lauder family stockholder and party to Stockholders Agreement 2025 Proxy Statement | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Incumbent Directors Term Expiring 2027 (Class I) Paul J. Fribourg Director since 2006 Age 71 Committees: Audit Committee Compensation Committee (Chair) and Stock Plan Subcommittee BACKGROUND Mr. Fribourg is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Continental Grain Company, an international agribusiness and investment company. He joined Continental Grain Company in 1976 and worked in various positions there with increasing responsibility in both the United States and Europe. Mr. Fribourg is on the boards of directors of International Flavors Fragrances Inc. and Loews Corporation. Within the past five years, he served as a director of Bunge Limited and Restaurant Brands International Inc. He is a member of Rabobank s International North American Agribusiness Advisory Board, Temasek Americas Advisory Panel, and the International Business Leaders Advisory Council for The Mayor of Shanghai. Mr. Fribourg has been a member of the Council on Foreign Relations since 1985. QUALIFICATIONS Global management, marketing, and other business experience as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Continental Grain Company Board experience at Bunge Limited, International Flavors Fragrances Inc., Loews Corporation, and Restaurant Brands International Inc. Affiliation with leading business and public policy associations (Council on Foreign Relations) Financial experience Jennifer Hyman Director since 2018 Age 45 Committees: Audit Committee Nominating and ESG Committee BACKGROUND Ms. Hyman is Co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chair of Rent the Runway, Inc., which enables women to subscribe, rent items, and shop resale from an unlimited closet of designer brands. Prior to co-founding Rent the Runway, Inc. in 2009, she was Director of Business at IMG, a global talent management company, from 2006 to 2007. She was Senior Manager, Sales, at the WeddingChannel.com from 2005 to 2006. Within the past five years, Ms. Hyman served on the supervisory board of Zalando SE. QUALIFICATIONS Management and entrepreneurial experience as Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Rent the Runway, Inc. Deep knowledge about millennials, Gen Z, and other consumer segments Omnichannel, disruptive technology, and social-digital experience Board experience at Rent the Runway, Inc. and Zalando SE Financial experience 18 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Arturo Nu ez Director since 2022 Age 58 Committees: Audit Committee Compensation Committee and Stock Plan Subcommittee BACKGROUND Mr. Nu ez is Founder and Chief Executive Officer of AIE Creative, a branding and marketing firm which he founded in 2018. From June 2021 until October 2022, he was the Chief Marketing Officer of Nu Holdings Ltd. ( Nubank ), a digital banking platform headquartered in Brazil that serves customers across Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. From 2018 to 2021, he worked at AIE Creative, and from 2014 to 2018, he was the Head of Marketing, Latin America, for Apple Inc. From 2007 to 2014, Mr. Nunez held various marketing positions at NIKE, Inc., including Global Vice President, Basketball Marketing, and from 1999 to 2007, he held various positions at the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) including Vice President, Managing Director, NBA Latin America and U.S. Hispanic. Mr. Nu ez is a member of the Board of Directors of Abercrombie Fitch Co. QUALIFICATIONS Global business, marketing, management, retail, and consumer brand experience in various roles at Apple Inc., NIKE, Inc., the National Basketball Association, and Nu Holdings Ltd. Board experience at Abercrombie Fitch Co. Deep knowledge about consumers and consumer goods Innovative technology and digital experience Financial experience Barry S. Sternlicht Director since 2004 Age 64 Committee: Nominating and ESG Committee BACKGROUND Mr. Sternlicht is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Starwood Capital Group, a privately-held global investment firm focused on global real estate. He also serves as Chairman and CEO of Starwood Property Trust, Inc., a commercial mortgage REIT. Mr. Sternlicht is the Chairman of the Board of Starwood Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and is founder and Chairman of Jaws Mustang Acquisition Corp. Additionally, within the past five years, he served as a director of A.S. Roma, Cano Health, Invitation Homes, Inc., Jaws Spitfire Acquisition Corp., Jaws Wildcat Acquisition Corporation, Jaws Acquisition Corp., Jaws Hurricane Acquisition Corporation, Jaws Juggernaut Acquisition Corp, and Vesper Healthcare Acquisition Corp. From 1995 through early 2005, Mr. Sternlicht was Chairman and CEO of Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc. He currently serves as a member of the board of The Robin Hood Foundation, and he is on the board of the Dreamland Film Performing Arts Center and the Business Committee for the Arts of Americans for the Arts. QUALIFICATIONS Global business, investment, real estate, financial, private equity, entrepreneurial, and consumer brand and luxury industry expertise at Starwood Capital Group, as Chairman of Starwood Property Trust, Inc., as Chairman of the Board of Starwood Real Estate Trust, Inc., and as founder and former Chief Executive of Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc. Board experience at A.S. Roma, Baccarat S.A., Cano Health, Inc., Invitation Homes, Inc., and Starwood Property Trust, Inc. Financial experience 2025 Proxy Statement | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Additional Information Regarding the Board of Directors Stockholders Agreement and Lauder Family Control. All Lauder Family Members who are party to a stockholders agreement with the Company (the Stockholders Agreement ) have agreed to vote shares beneficially owned by them for (a) William P. Lauder, Gary M. Lauder or a designee in lieu of one of them and (b) Ronald S. Lauder (or for one of his daughters), and one person, if any, designated by Mr. R. Lauder as a director of the Company. The term Lauder Family Members is defined below (see Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Lauder Family Relationships and Compensation ). Shares subject to the Stockholders Agreement represent approximately 84% of the voting power of the Company as of the Record Date. The respective right of each of (a) William P. Lauder and Gary M. Lauder and (b) Ronald S. Lauder (or his daughters) to designate a nominee exists only when they (including their descendants), or he (including his descendants) beneficially owns (other than by reason of the Stockholders Agreement) shares of Common Stock with at least 10% of the total voting power of the Company. In accordance with the Stockholders Agreement, William P. Lauder and Gary M. Lauder are the designees of their side of the family, and Ronald S. Lauder designated Jane Lauder and Eric L. Zinterhofer as directors. The respective right of each of (a) William P. Lauder and Gary M. Lauder and (b) Ronald S. Lauder (or one of his daughters) to be nominated will exist so long as they (including their descendants) or he (including his descendants) beneficially owns shares of Common Stock with at least 5% of the total voting power of the Company. If either William P. Lauder or Gary M. Lauder is unable to serve by reason of his death or disability, the other will have the right to designate a nominee. Similarly, in the event Ronald S. Lauder is not a member of the Board for any reason other than his death or disability, he may designate one of his daughters, Aerin Lauder or Jane Lauder, to replace him as a person to be voted a director. In the event of Ronald S. Lauder s death or disability after he ceases to be a member of the Board, then his daughters will succeed to his rights to be nominated as a director and to designate one nominee upon his death or disability. If either daughter is unable to serve by reason of her death or disability, the other daughter will have the right to designate a nominee. In the event that a designee of (a) William P. Lauder and Gary M. Lauder or (b) Ronald S. Lauder ceases to be a member of the Board by virtue of resignation, removal, death or disability, then they or him, as the case may be, so long as they or he has the right to designate a nominee, shall designate another person to fill that vacancy. In the event none of William P. Lauder, Gary M. Lauder, and Ronald S. Lauder and his daughters are able to serve as directors by reason of death or disability, then the rights under the Stockholders Agreement to be a nominee and to designate a nominee will cease. The Stockholders Agreement contains a sunset provision. Under this provision, the Stockholders Agreement will terminate upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including the transfer of shares of Common Stock by a party to the Stockholders Agreement that causes all parties thereto immediately after such transaction to own beneficially in the aggregate shares having less than 10% of the total voting power of the Company. Controlled Company Exemptions. The Lauder family has direct and indirect holdings of approximately 84% of the voting power of the Company as of the Record Date. The Company is considered a controlled company under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ) because the Lauder family and their related entities hold more than 50% of the voting power of the Company s outstanding voting stock. As a controlled company, the Company is eligible to rely on certain exemptions from the NYSE corporate governance requirements, including those related to the Board and its committees. Notwithstanding the availability of these exemptions, the Board has determined that it will be comprised of a majority of independent directors and that both the Nominating and ESG Committee and the Compensation Committee will include provisions in their respective charters consistent with the NYSE requirements for non-controlled companies. However, as permitted by the NYSE rules for controlled companies, our Board does not require that either the Nominating and ESG Committee or the Compensation Committee be comprised solely of independent directors. The Audit Committee is comprised solely of independent directors. Board Committees. The Board has established the following standing committees: the Audit Committee; the Compensation Committee (which includes the Stock Plan Subcommittee); and the Nominating and ESG Committee. Each director on these committees is an independent director except for William P. Lauder, who is a member of the Nominating and ESG Committee, and Eric L. 20 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Zinterhofer, who is a member of the Compensation Committee. Each committee reports regularly to the Board and has the authority to engage its own advisors. From time to time, the Board reviews the composition of its committees. In December 2024, Richard D. Parsons ceased serving as a member of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and ESG Committee, and in February 2025, the Board appointed Mr. Zinterhofer to the Compensation Committee. Committee Composition as of the Record Date Director Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and ESG Committee Charlene Barshefsky Angela Wei Dong Paul J. Fribourg Jennifer Hyman William P. Lauder Arturo Nu ez Lynn Forester de Rothschild Barry S. Sternlicht Jennifer Tejada Richard F. Zannino* Eric L. Zinterhofer Chair Member Also a member of the Stock Plan Subcommittee * Lead Independent Director Copies of each charter adopted by the Board are available in the Investors section of our website, www.elcompanies.com , under Corporate Governance. Audit Committee (as of the Record Date) Richard F. Zannino (Chair) Angela Wei Dong Paul J. Fribourg Jennifer Hyman Arturo Nu ez The Audit Committee, among other things, appoints the independent auditors; reviews the independence of such auditors; approves the scope of the annual audit activities of the independent auditors and the Company s Internal Audit department; reviews audit results; reviews and discusses our financial statements with management and the independent auditors; reviews and discusses with the Board our policies for risk assessment and risk management; and is responsible for our related person transactions policy. The committee s oversight responsibilities include matters relating to information technology, cybersecurity, taxes, treasury, and legal matters. The committee meets periodically with the Chief Financial Officer, the head of internal audit, and representatives of the independent auditors. The Board has determined that each of Mr. Fribourg and Mr. Zannino qualifies as an Audit Committee Financial Expert in accordance with SEC rules. 2025 Proxy Statement | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Committee (as of the Record Date) Paul J. Fribourg (Chair)* Charlene Barshefsky* Arturo Nu ez* Eric L. Zinterhofer *Also a member of the Stock Plan Subcommittee The Compensation Committee establishes and approves compensation plans and arrangements with respect to the Company s executive officers and administers the Company s Executive Annual Incentive Plan. The Compensation Committee also has oversight of our human capital management. The Stock Plan Subcommittee has authority over all decisions regarding awards to executive officers under our share incentive plans and authority to administer our share incentive plans under which executive officers and other employees may receive equity grants. We also have an Employee Equity Award Committee, the sole member of which is our CEO in his role as a director (Mr. de La Faverie). The purpose of this committee is to make limited grants of equity awards under the share incentive plan to employees who are not executive officers. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. During fiscal 2025, Ambassador Barshefsky, Mr. Fribourg, Mr. Nu ez, and Mr. Zinterhofer (effective February 25, 2025) served on the Compensation Committee. Richard D. Parsons served on the Compensation Committee during fiscal 2025 until his retirement from the Board on December 3, 2024. None of the directors who served on the Compensation Committee during fiscal 2025 was a current or former officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and none had any relationship requiring disclosure under this caption pursuant to SEC rules. In addition, none of our executive officers served as a member of the compensation committee (or other committee performing similar functions) or as a director of any other entity where an executive officer of such entity served on our Compensation Committee or Board. Nominating and ESG Committee (as of the Record Date) Jennifer Tejada (Chair) Jennifer Hyman William P. Lauder Lynn Forester de Rothschild Barry S. Sternlicht The Nominating and ESG Committee oversees the Company s corporate governance matters, as well as its citizenship and sustainability initiatives. The committee also proposes candidates to fill vacancies on the Board and recommends nominees for election as directors; oversees CEO succession planning; oversees the Board s evaluation of the CEO, in coordination with the Compensation Committee, as necessary and appropriate; reviews and makes recommendations regarding Board practices and procedures; considers corporate governance matters that may arise from time to time and reviews and recommends the compensation for service as a Board member. Board and Board Committee Meetings; Annual Meeting Attendance; and Executive Sessions. Directors are expected to devote sufficient time to carrying out their duties and responsibilities effectively, and should be committed to serve on the Board for an extended period of time. In furtherance of the Board s role, directors are expected to attend all scheduled Board and Board committee meetings and all meetings of stockholders. All directors may, but are not required to, attend committee meetings regardless of their membership on the committee, excluding executive sessions or where attendance at such meeting would be inappropriate, such as if conflicts of interest, confidentiality or privilege issues were to arise. In fiscal 2025, the Board, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee (and the Stock Plan Subcommittee) each met seven times, and the Nominating and ESG Committee met five times. The total combined attendance for all Board and committee meetings in fiscal 2025 was over 97%. No director attended less than 75% of Board and committee meetings in fiscal 2025. There were six executive sessions of non-employee directors, and one executive session of the independent directors in fiscal 2025. Directors are expected to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. All of our directors serving on the Board at the time attended our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Board Leadership Structure. Our Board is currently led by the Chair of the Board (the Chair ), Mr. W. Lauder, and the Lead Independent Director, Mr. Zannino. As of the Record Date, our Board is comprised of 14 directors, including 13 non-management directors, of whom nine are 22 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS independent members and four are non-independent members of the Lauder family, and one management director (our President and CEO). A majority of the directors on our Board are independent. The Chair presides over all meetings of the Board, while the Lead Independent Director presides over all executive sessions of the independent directors and executive sessions of the non-management directors. The Board considers this structure appropriate in view of the Lauder family s significant investment in the Company. It also aligns with the Stockholders Agreement among certain members of the Lauder family and the Company. See Additional Information Regarding the Board of Directors Stockholders Agreement and Lauder Family Control. Chair of the Board. Effective November 8, 2024, William P. Lauder s role transitioned from Executive Chairman of the Board to Chair of the Board (as provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines). In his role as Chair, Mr. W. Lauder, facilitates the Board operating in the best interest of the Company. He also reinforces the Company s family heritage and serves as a visible representative of both the Lauder family and the Company with employees, governmental entities, other stakeholders, and the broader community. His duties as Chair include maintaining a strong working relationship with the CEO and supporting the development of strategy, capital management (including acquisitions and divestitures), risk management and major corporate actions to be presented to the Board. Also as provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the duties of the Chair role are based on the assumption that the Chair role is held by a non-independent member of the Lauder family with a Lead Independent Director in place, and a Nominating and ESG Committee comprised of a majority of independent directors. The Chair is elected annually by the Board; can be removed by the Board; and reports to the Board. Lead Independent Director. As provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, effective November 8, 2024, an independent director serves as our Lead Independent Director. Prior to that date, an independent director served as Presiding Director. Ambassador Barshefsky served as Presiding Director through November 8, 2024 when the Board elected Mr. Zannino to serve as the Lead Independent Director. In fiscal 2025, Ambassador Barshefsky and subsequently Mr. Zannino presided over the executive sessions of the independent directors and non-management directors on the Board. The Lead Independent Director is selected from among the independent directors annually, and serves a one-year term beginning at the Board meeting immediately following the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Mr. Zannino has been re-appointed by the Board to serve as the Lead Independent Director for a one-year term beginning after the 2025 Annual Meeting, subject to his re-election as a director at that meeting. Lauder Family Control. Our Company was founded in 1946 by Est e and Joseph Lauder, and subsequent generations of Lauders, including their sons, Leonard A. Lauder and Ronald S. Lauder, have had significant involvement in the business and management of the Company. The business was run as a private family enterprise until our initial public offering in 1995. As a publicly traded, family-controlled company, we continue to benefit from the Lauder family s demonstrated dedication and commitment to its long-term success. The members of the Lauder family are connected to the Company not just financially through their ownership of common stock but just as fundamentally through their historical legacy of long-term family stewardship that continues today. As of the Record Date, Ronald S. Lauder (the son of Est e and Joseph Lauder), is an Executive Officer and is Chairman of Clinique Laboratories, LLC. William P. Lauder (a son of Leonard A. Lauder, who passed away in 2025) serves as Chair, Gary M. Lauder (a son of Leonard A. Lauder), Jane Lauder (Ronald S. Lauder s daughter), and Eric L. Zinterhofer (Ronald S. Lauder s son-in-law and Jane Lauder s brother-in-law) serve on our Board of Directors. Aerin Lauder, who is the daughter of Ronald S. Lauder and the wife of Eric L. Zinterhofer, is the Est e Lauder Ambassador, Director Creative Special Projects. Controlled Company Features including Sunset Provisions for Class B Common Stock and the Stockholders Agreement . As referenced above, we are a controlled company under the rules of the NYSE because the Lauder family and their related entities hold more than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding voting stock. We note that the controlled company structure is not uncommon in the beauty industry. Our controlled company structure includes dual class stock, a classified board, and a Stockholders Agreement that requires the members of the family who are 2025 Proxy Statement | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS party to the agreement to vote in favor of up to four director nominees designated by members of the family. In addition, we have non-independent directors on our Nominating and ESG Committee and Compensation Committee. Each of these matters is explained below. Dual Class Stock Structure. Under our dual class stock structure, holders of Class A Common Stock have one vote per share, and holders of Class B Common Stock (limited to members of the Lauder family and related entities) have 10 votes per share. Our Certificate of Incorporation contains a sunset provision, which provides that, if as of the record date for any meeting of stockholders of the Company, the outstanding Class B Common Stock constitutes less than 10% of the total outstanding Common Stock, each share of Class B Common Stock will automatically convert as of the record date into one share of Class A Common Stock with one vote per share. As of the Record Date for the 2025 Annual Meeting, the outstanding Class B Common Stock constituted approximately 35% of the total outstanding Common Stock. Board Composition; Voting under the Stockholders Agreement. Our Board is divided into three classes, with each member serving for a three-year term. As explained above, Lauder Family Members who are party to the Stockholders Agreement have agreed to vote shares beneficially owned by them in favor of up to four individuals as directors. The Stockholders Agreement contains a sunset provision, pursuant to which the agreement will terminate upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including the transfer of shares of Common Stock by a party to the agreement that causes all parties thereto immediately after such transaction to own beneficially in the aggregate shares having less than 10% of the total voting power of the Company. Shares subject to the Stockholders Agreement represented approximately 84% of the voting power of the Company as of the Record Date for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Committee Composition including Independent Committee Leadership; Lead Independent Director; Majority of Independent Directors. As permitted by the NYSE rules for controlled companies we are not required to have our Nominating and ESG Committee or Compensation Committee composed solely of independent directors. William P. Lauder, Chair of the Board, and, not an independent director, serves on our Nominating and ESG Committee, and Eric L. Zinterhofer, who is also not an independent director, serves on our Compensation Committee. We believe this committee service is appropriate because of the valuable contributions that Mr. W. Lauder and Mr. Zinterhofer make; as reflected in the biographical information above, each has extensive business, leadership and financial experience. We note that all the directors on our Audit Committee, including the Chair, are independent, as are the Chairs of our Nominating and ESG Committee and our Compensation Committee. Our Stock Plan Subcommittee, which approves all equity grants to our executive officers including the CEO, is composed solely of independent directors. In addition, our Lead Independent Director is independent. Although, as a controlled company, we are not required by the NYSE rules to have a majority of independent directors, our Board has determined that it will have a majority of independent directors. As of the Record Date, 9 of our 14 Board members (approximately 64%) are independent. CEO Succession Planning Process. The Nominating and ESG Committee establishes policies and principles for CEO succession, and our Board reviews CEO succession plans on an ongoing basis. The Board has numerous opportunities to meet with, and assess development plans for, members of management and other potential leaders, including through formal presentations to the Board and its committees, as well as informal discussions and events. The Board has established a succession process in the event of the CEO s death or disability. Board Role in Risk Oversight. Our Board regularly receives reports from our CEO and other members of senior management on significant areas of risk, including strategic, operational, financial, legal and regulatory, cybersecurity, and reputational risks. However, senior management is responsible for assessing and managing the Company s various risk exposures on a day-to-day basis. In this regard, various management functions within the Company, such as Legal, Finance, Treasury, Internal Audit, Information Technology, Global Supply Chain, Research Development, and Environment, Health and Safety, focus on specific areas of risk within their respective functions. Management has a systemic and integrated approach to overall risk management that includes the 24 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS identification of risks and mitigation plans in the strategic planning process. The Board s role is one of oversight, assessing major risks facing the Company and reviewing options for their mitigation with management. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management our enterprise risk management processes. Risk in Compensation Programs. The Company has a framework for evaluating incentive plan design features that may encourage or help mitigate risk, such as a mix of compensation elements, metrics, leverage, caps, and time horizons, in order to determine whether the risks arising from our compensation programs (in addition to those applicable only to executive officers) are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Using this framework in fiscal 2025, we concluded that our compensation programs are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The results were reviewed with senior management and the Compensation Committee. Board Membership Criteria. The Nominating and ESG Committee works with the Board on an annual basis to determine the appropriate characteristics, skills, and experience for the Board as a whole and its individual members. All directors should possess the highest personal and professional ethics as well as an inquisitive and objective perspective, practical wisdom, and mature judgment. In evaluating the suitability of individual Board members, the Board considers a range of factors, including general understanding of marketing, finance, and other disciplines relevant to the success of a large publicly traded company in today s business environment; understanding of the Company s business on a technical level; and each individuals educational and professional background. The Board evaluates each individual in the context of the Board as a whole, with the objective of recommending a group that, through a diversity of experience, supports the success of the business and, represents stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment. In determining whether to recommend a director for re-election, the Nominating and ESG Committee also considers the director s past attendance at meetings and participation in and contributions to the activities of the Board. The Board does not believe that its members should be prohibited from serving on the boards or committees of other organizations; however, each director is expected to devote the time and attention necessary to fulfill their obligations as a director of the Company. A director who serves as CEO of another public company should not serve on more than four boards of public companies, including our Board and the board of the company for which they serve as CEO. Other directors should not serve on the boards of more than five public companies, including our Board. No director (other than the CEO) will be nominated for election to the Board after their 74 th birthday; provided that for the avoidance of doubt, a director shall be permitted to serve out the remainder of their term after reaching such age. When the need for a new director arises, the Nominating and ESG Committee identifies and evaluates one or more candidates based on the criteria described above. The evaluation is conducted using the information provided with a recommendation or that it otherwise possesses, which may be supplemented through additional inquiries, as necessary. Application of these criteria involves the exercise of judgment and cannot be measured in any mathematical or routine way. Based on its assessment of each candidate s independence, skills, and qualifications and the criteria described above, the Nominating and ESG Committee will make recommendations regarding potential director candidates to the Board. From time to time, the Nominating and ESG Committee may engage a third-party firm to assist with identifying and evaluating potential director candidates. The Nominating and ESG Committee will evaluate stockholder-recommended candidates in the same manner as other candidates. Candidates may also be designated pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement. See Additional Information Regarding the Board of Directors Stockholders Agreement and Lauder Family Control. Eric L. Zinterhofer was elected as a Class II director in January 2025, and, with his consent, has been nominated by the Board to stand for election as a Class I Director at the 2025 Annual Meeting. In both cases, he was Mr. R. Lauder s designee under the Stockholders Agreement. Annabelle Yu Long and Dana Strong were recommended for consideration as director candidates by non-management directors, and in accordance with the process described above, both candidates were evaluated by the Nominating and ESG Committee. 2025 Proxy Statement | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS At the recommendation of the Nominating and ESG Committee, both candidates were nominated by the Board to stand for election as Class II Directors at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Board Independence Standards for Directors. To be considered independent for purposes of membership on the Company s Board of Directors, the Board must determine that a director has no material relationship with the Company, including any of its subsidiaries, other than in his or her capacity as a director. For each director, the Board broadly considers all relevant facts and circumstances. In making its determination, the Board considers the following categories of relationships to be material, thus precluding a determination that a director is independent: (i) the director is an employee of the Company, or an immediate family member of the director is an executive officer of the Company, or was so employed during the last three years. (ii) the director receives, or an immediate family member of the director receives, during any twelve-month period within the last three years, more than $120,000 in direct compensation from the Company, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service). (iii) (A) the director is a current partner or employee of a firm that is the Company s internal or external auditor, (B) the director has an immediate family member who is a current partner of such a firm, (C) the director has an immediate family member who is a current employee of such a firm and personally works on the Company s audit, or (D) the director or an immediate family member of the director was within the last three years a partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on the Company s audit within that time. (iv) the director or an immediate family member of the director is, or has been within the last three years, employed as an executive officer of another company where any of the Company s present executive officers at the same time serves or served on that company s compensation committee. (v) the director is a current employee, or an immediate family member of the director is a current executive officer, of a company that has made payments to, or received payments from, the Company for property or services in an amount which, in any of the last three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of $1 million, or 2% of such other company s consolidated gross revenues. Additionally, the following relationships will not be considered to be material relationships that would impair a director s independence: (i) any of the relationships described in (i)-(v) above, if such relationships occurred more than three years ago, or (ii) if a director is a current employee, or an immediate family member of a director is a current executive officer of another company that does business with the Company and such other company, during the current or last fiscal year, made payments to, or received payments from, the Company of less than $1 million or 2% of such other company s consolidated gross revenues, whichever is greater. Contributions to tax exempt organizations shall not be considered payments for purposes of these independence standards. An immediate family member includes a director s spouse, parents, children, siblings, mothers- and fathers-in-law, sons- and daughters-in-law, brothers- and sisters-in-law, and anyone (other than domestic employees) who shares such person s home. The Board reviews at least annually whether directors meet these Director Independence Standards. The following directors have been determined by the Board to be independent pursuant to NYSE rules and the Company s Independent Director Standards described above: Charlene Barshefsky, Angela Wei Dong, Paul J. Fribourg, Jennifer Hyman, Arturo Nu ez, Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Barry S. Sternlicht, Jennifer Tejada, and Richard F. Zannino. The Board has also determined that the new director nominees, Annabelle Yu Long and Dana Strong, are independent as described above. In order to be considered independent under NYSE rules for 26 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS purposes of serving on the Company s Audit Committee or Compensation Committee, a director also may not accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the Company, other than as a director, and may not be an affiliated person of the Company. Audit Committee members may receive directors fees and fixed payments for prior service with the Company. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee and each independent member of the Compensation Committee meets these additional independence requirements. Communications with the Board. A stockholder or any other interested party may communicate with the Board, any Committee thereof, the non-management directors as a group, or any individual director, including the Lead Independent Director, by addressing the correspondence to that individual or group, c/o Executive Vice President and General Counsel, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc., 767 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10153. The General Counsel or a designated representative will review such correspondence, at their discretion, forward it to the intended recipient(s) if the content relates to the duties and responsibilities of the Board or its members. Materials deemed inappropriate or containing unsolicited advertising, or promotional content may be withheld. Director Nominees Recommended by Stockholders. The Nominating and ESG Committee will consider stockholder recommendations of nominees in the same manner as and pursuant to the same criteria by which it considers all other nominees, except for nominations received pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement. Stockholders who wish to suggest qualified candidates should send their written recommendation to the Nominating and ESG Committee, c/o Executive Vice President and General Counsel, The Est e Lauder Companies Inc., 767 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10153. The following information must accompany any such recommendation by a stockholder: (i) the name and address of the stockholder making the recommendation; (ii) the name, address, telephone number, and social security number of the proposed nominee; (iii) the class or series and number of shares of the Company that are beneficially owned by the stockholder making the recommendation; (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and the candidate, and an executed written consent of the proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Company if so elected; (v) a copy of the proposed nominee s resume and references; and (vi) an analysis of the candidate s qualifications to serve on the Board of Directors and on each of the Board s committees in light of the criteria for Board membership established by the Board. See Board Membership Criteria. For stockholders intending to nominate an individual for election as a director directly, there are specific procedures set forth in our bylaws. See Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2026 Annual Meeting below. Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct The Board of Directors has developed corporate governance practices to help it fulfill its responsibilities to stockholders in providing general direction and oversight of management of the Company. These practices are set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Company also has a Code of Conduct (the Code ) applicable to all employees, officers, and directors of the Company including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. These documents, along with any waiver of a provision of the Code granted to a senior officer or director or any material amendment to the Code, are available in the Investors section of the Company s website: www.elcompanies.com under Corporate Governance. Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedures We have a written policy (the Related Person Transactions Policy ) that sets forth procedures for the review, approval, and ratification of transactions involving Related Persons. Related Persons consist of any director, director nominee, executive officer, any beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Company s Common Stock, any immediate family member of such persons, and any other person deemed to be a Related Person under the rules of the SEC. Under the Related Person Transactions Policy, a Transaction includes any financial transaction, arrangement, or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) or any series of similar transactions, 2025 Proxy Statement | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS arrangements, or relationships where the Company and a Related Person are participants. The Audit Committee is responsible for administering this policy. When a potential Related Person Transaction is identified, our policy requires that it be promptly reported to either the General Counsel or the Secretary to review. If it is determined that such Transaction is not within the scope of the Related Person Transactions Policy, then no further action is necessary. Otherwise, the Transaction shall be presented to the Audit Committee to make an assessment and determination. If the Audit Committee determines that a Related Person Transaction is inconsistent with the interests of the Company and its stockholders, the Audit Committee shall prohibit such transaction. If the Related Person at issue is a director of the Company, or an immediate family member of a director, then such director shall not participate in the assessment or determination of the Transaction being reviewed. The information presented to the Audit Committee in connection with its assessment will include the following: (i) the Related Person s relationship to the Company; (ii) a description of the Transaction, including the material terms, the approximate aggregate value, and the identities of other parties; (iii) the benefits of the Transaction to the Company and the Related Person; (iv) the availability of other sources of comparable products or services; and (v) any other relevant information. If the Audit Committee determines that the Related Person has a direct or indirect material interest in the Transaction, the Transaction shall be disclosed in the Company s proxy statement. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Lauder Family Relationships and Compensation. Leonard A. Lauder was Chairman Emeritus until he passed away in June 2025. His brother Ronald S. Lauder is Chairman of Clinique Laboratories, LLC, and was a management Director until he retired from the Board in January 2025. William P. Lauder and Gary M. Lauder are the sons of the late Mr. L. Lauder. Mr. W. Lauder and Mr. G. Lauder are both non-management directors on our Board. Mr. W. Lauder currently serves as Chair of the Board. He previously served as Executive Chairman until November 8, 2024, and remained an employee of the Company until his retirement on February 28, 2025. Mr. R. Lauder has two daughters, Aerin Lauder and Jane Lauder. Ms. A. Lauder is the Est e Lauder Ambassador, Director Creative Special Projects (see Agreements with Aerin Lauder for additional information) and Ms. J. Lauder serves as a non-management Director on our Board. She previously served as a management Director and as an executive officer in the role of Executive Vice President, Enterprise Marketing and Chief Data Officer until her departure from the Company on December 31, 2024. Mr. Eric L. Zinterhofer was elected as a non-management Director on our Board in January 2025. He is a son-in-law of Mr. R. Lauder and husband of Ms. A. Lauder. He is not an employee of the Company. Jack Zinterhofer, a son of Mr. E. Zinterhofer and Ms. A. Lauder, has been an employee of the Company since September 2024 in the role of Senior Presidential Associate. Katherine Lauder, the daughter-in-law of Mr. G. Lauder and Laura H. Lauder, has been an employee of the Company since September 2025 in the role of Senior Presidential Associate. Fiscal 2025 Compensation. Leonard A. Lauder s salary was approximately $1,725,000 through June 14, 2025 and Ronald S. Lauder s salary was $650,000. In addition to his salary, Mr. R. Lauder also received a bonus of $187,700. Mr. L. Lauder was and Mr. R. Lauder is entitled to participate in standard benefit plans, such as the Company s pension and medical plans. No grants of equity-based compensation have been made to Mr. L. Lauder or Mr. R. Lauder since fiscal 2000. William P. Lauder retired from the Company on February 28, 2025. His base salary during fiscal 2025 was approximately $1,050,000, and he also received a bonus of $1,265,250 (reflecting pro-ration through his retirement date). In August 2024, we granted Mr. W. Lauder equity-based compensation with an aggregate value of approximately $2,610,000, comprised of 40% PSUs, 40% RSUs, and 20% stock options. He received PSUs with a target payout of 11,242 shares of Class A Common Stock, Stock Options for 17,427 shares of Class A Common Stock with an exercise price of $92.87 per share, and RSUs for 11,242 shares of Class A Common Stock. These grants reflect the application of an individual performance percentage to the target equity opportunity approved for fiscal 2025. See Retirement of William P. Lauder and Post-retirement Compensation for additional information. 28 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Jane Lauder resigned from her role as Executive Vice President, Enterprise Marketing and Chief Data Officer, and ceased to be an employee of the Company, effective December 31, 2024. Her base salary for fiscal 2025 through such date was $485,000 (pro-rated through December 31, 2024). Because she was not retirement eligible at the time of her departure, she forfeited her fiscal 2025 target incentive bonus opportunity, target equity opportunity, and all unvested equity. In addition, any stock options that were exercisable at the time of her departure may be exercised until the earlier of the original expiration date of the option term or one year following her termination. See Employment Agreement for Jane Lauder and Post-employment Compensation for additional information. Jack Zinterhofer s total compensation was less than $120,000. He did not receive any equity-based compensation. Fiscal 2026 Compensation. Ronald S. Lauder s annual base salary is $650,000, and he has a target incentive bonus opportunity of $350,000. He is entitled to participate in standard benefit plans, such as the Company s pension and medical plans. Jack Zinterhofer s annual base salary is $97,400 and his target fiscal bonus opportunity is $7,800. He does not receive equity-based compensation. His compensation and benefits are consistent with compensation and benefits for other employees at his level. He is also expected to be on an international short-term assignment in fiscal 2026 where he will receive standard benefits under our Global Short-term Assignment Policy, including housing and living allowances of approximately $56,000. This short-term assignment, as well as related allowances, is consistent with assignments for other employees at this level. Katherine Lauder s annual base salary is $106,000, her target fiscal bonus opportunity is $8,480, and she will receive a one-time sign-on bonus of $10,000. She does not receive equity-based compensation. Her compensation and benefits are consistent with the compensation and benefits for other employees at her level. Employment Agreement for Leonard A. Lauder. Leonard A. Lauder s employment agreement (the LAL Agreement ) provided for his employment as Chairman Emeritus until he passed away in June 2025. Mr. L. Lauder participated in standard benefit plans, such as the Company s pension and medical plans. He was also entitled to participate in the Amended and Restated Fiscal 2002 Share Incentive Plan, but no grants had ever been made to him under the plan. In addition, Mr. L. Lauder was entitled to participate in the Executive Annual Incentive Plan, but he had not received a bonus opportunity compensation since fiscal 2009. Upon his death, the LAL Agreement provided that for a period of one year from the date of his death, his beneficiary or legal representative will be entitled to receive Mr. L. Lauder s base salary. Pursuant to the LAL Agreement, Mr. L. Lauder previously deferred certain compensation, and his deferred compensation account is credited with interest as of each June 30 during the deferral period, compounded annually, at a rate equal to the Citibank N.A. base rate in effect in New York, New York on June 30 of each year (not to exceed 9% per annum). In accordance with the LAL Agreement, the balance in Mr. L. Lauder s deferred compensation account, approximately $1.1 million, as of June 30, 2025, will be paid to his estate. Employment Agreement for William P. Lauder. Under his employment agreement effective July 1, 2010, as amended (the WPL Agreement ), Mr. W. Lauder was an at-will employee, and served as Executive Chairman of the Company until November 8, 2024, and served as Chair of the Board until his retirement on February 28, 2025. The WPL Agreement provided that his base salary and bonus opportunities were set by the Compensation Committee and that his equity grants were determined by the Stock Plan Subcommittee. In addition to benefits generally available to senior executives (e.g., annual perquisite reimbursement under our Executive Perquisite Plan up to $20,000, reimbursement of up to $5,000 per year for financial counseling services, and participation in our Executive Automobile Program with an automobile having an acquisition value of $75,000), we paid annual premiums for additional executive term life insurance with a face amount of $5 million for Mr. W. Lauder through June 2025. Prior to the date of his retirement, he received 2025 Proxy Statement | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS his annual perquisite reimbursement of $20,000, $5,000 for reimbursement of financial counseling services, and approximately $14,000 in matching 401(k) Savings Plan contributions. Mr. W. Lauder previously deferred certain compensation, and his deferred compensation account was credited with interest as of each June 30 during the deferral period, compounded annually at a rate equal to the Citibank N.A. base rate in effect in New York, New York on June 30 each year (not to exceed 9% per annum). In accordance with the WPL Agreement, the balance in his deferred compensation account, approximately $7.1 million was paid in September 2025. This included the balance of salary deferrals from amounts deferred on and after December 31, 2004 through fiscal 2011 as reported in the Summary Compensation Table in prior proxy statements. Retirement of William P. Lauder and Post-retirement Compensation . In connection with the Company s senior executive retirement benefits and his retirement on February 28, 2025, Mr. W. Lauder received the following payments and benefits: (i) the opportunity to purchase up to $1,280 worth of Company products per year at no charge ( Annual Gratis ) for life; and (ii) a payment in the amount of $150,862 (paid on March 15, 2025) for unused vacation days for calendar year 2025. The first year of senior executive retirement payments will be pro-rated from April through December 2025, and the full amounts will be paid each December thereafter. Effective April 1, 2025, the Company will provide life-time annual supplemental payments in connection with Mr. W. Lauder s healthcare benefits (approximately $7,600 per year), which includes the payment in lieu of a medical reimbursement program that was discontinued, as well as payments in lieu of healthcare benefits (medical, prescription, and dental) (approximately $6,800 (medical) and $2,850 (dental) per year). Mr. W. Lauder is able to elect distribution of his accumulated benefits under The Estee Lauder Companies Retirement Growth Account Plan (the RGA Plan ), in accordance with the plan terms. The balance as of June 30, 2025 was approximately $851,900. He can defer this payment until age 73. The accumulated benefits for him under The Estee Lauder Inc. Benefits Restoration Plan (the Restoration Plan ) will be paid out in annual installments over a five-year period starting in September 2025, pursuant to the terms of the plan and in compliance with Section 409A. The balance as of June 30, 2025 was approximately $8,341,800. See Compensation Discussion and Analysis Pension Benefits for additional information regarding these plans. Upon his retirement, Mr. W. Lauder s outstanding equity awards (PSUs, RSUs, and stock options) were treated in accordance with the retirement provisions in the applicable equity award agreements. Specifically, his outstanding PSUs will continue to vest and be paid, with payment, if any, to be made at the same time such awards are paid to active executives. Similarly, his outstanding RSUs will continue to vest and be paid in accordance with the vesting schedule for each award. His unvested stock options became immediately exercisable upon his retirement and remain exercisable until the original expiration option term. Beginning March 1, 2025, Mr. W. Lauder is compensated as a non-employee director, including for service as Chair of the Board with an additional retainer of $225,000 annually (pro-rated for fiscal 2025). The Company pays $2,200 per month for the continuation of his car lease and insurance. See Director Compensation for additional information. Employment Agreement for Jane Lauder and Post-employment Compensation. Under her employment agreement effective January 30, 2023, Ms. J. Lauder was an at-will employee and served as the Executive Vice President Enterprise Marketing and Chief Data Officer until she resigned from the Company on December 31, 2024. The agreement generally provided for a base salary and bonus opportunities which were set by the Compensation Committee and equity grants which were determined by the Stock Plan Subcommittee. In addition, Ms. J. Lauder was entitled to receive the benefits generally available to our senior executives (e.g., annual perquisite reimbursement under our Executive Perquisite Plan up to $15,000, reimbursement of up to $5,000 per year for financial counseling services, and participation in our Executive Automobile Program). Of these benefits, she only participated in the Executive Automobile Program, receiving an auto allowance of $6,600 through December 31, 2024 ($1,100 per month). In addition, the Company paid an annual premium for additional executive term life insurance with a face amount of $5 million through July 2025. 30 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Ms. J. Lauder is able to elect distribution of her accumulated benefits under the Company s RGA Plan, in accordance with the plan terms. The balance as of June 30, 2025 was approximately $475,600. She can defer payment until age 73. The accumulated benefits for her under the Restoration Plan will be paid out in annual installments over a five-year period starting in July 2025, pursuant to the terms of the plan and in compliance with Section 409A. The balance as of June 30, 2025 was approximately $1,113,000. Beginning January 1, 2025, as a non-employee director, Ms. J. Lauder receives non-employee director compensation. See Director Compensation for additional information. Lauder Family Members. As used in this Proxy Statement, the term Lauder Family Members includes only the following persons: (i) the estate of Mrs. Est e Lauder; (ii) each descendant of Mrs. Est e Lauder (a Lauder Descendant ) and their respective estates, guardians, conservators, or committees; (iii) each Family Controlled Entity (as defined below); and (iv) the trustees, in their respective capacities as such, of each Family Controlled Trust (as defined below). The term Family Controlled Entity means: (i) any not-for-profit corporation if at least 80% of its board of directors is composed of Lauder Descendants; (ii) any other corporation if at least 80% of the value of its outstanding equity is owned by Lauder Family Members; (iii) any partnership if at least 80% of the value of its partnership interests are owned by Lauder Family Members; and (iv) any limited liability or similar company if at least 80% of the value of the company is owned by Lauder Family Members. The term Family Controlled Trust includes certain trusts existing on November 16, 1995 and trusts the primary beneficiaries of which are Lauder Descendants, spouses of Lauder Descendants, and/or charitable organizations, provided that if the trust is a wholly charitable trust, at least 80% of the trustees of such trust consist of Lauder Descendants. Registration Rights Agreement. Ronald S. Lauder, The Est e Lauder 1994 Trust, William P. Lauder, Gary M. Lauder, Aerin Lauder, Jane Lauder, the Estate of Leonard A. Lauder (the LAL Estate ), certain Family Controlled Entities and other Family Controlled Trusts, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York ( Morgan Guaranty ), and the Company are parties to a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which each of the LAL Estate, Ronald S. Lauder, and Morgan Guaranty has three demand registration rights and The Est e Lauder 1994 Trust has six demand registration rights in respect of shares of Class A Common Stock (including Class A Common Stock issued upon conversion of Class B Common Stock) held by them. Three of the demand rights granted to The Est e Lauder 1994 Trust may be used only by a pledgee of The Est e Lauder 1994 Trust s shares of Common Stock. All the parties to the Registration Rights Agreement (other than the Company) also have an unlimited number of piggyback registration rights in respect of their shares. The rights of Morgan Guaranty and any other pledgee of The Est e Lauder 1994 Trust under the Registration Rights Agreement will be exercisable only in the event of a default under certain loan arrangements. The LAL Estate and Ronald S. Lauder may assign their demand registration rights to Lauder Family Members. The Company is not required to effect more than one registration of Class A Common Stock in any consecutive twelve-month period. The piggyback registration rights allow the holders to include their shares of Class A Common Stock in any registration statement filed by the Company, subject to certain limitations. The Company is required to pay all expenses (other than underwriting discounts and commissions of the selling stockholders, taxes payable by the selling stockholders, and the fees and expenses of the selling stockholders counsel) in connection with any demand registrations, as well as any registrations pursuant to the exercise of piggyback rights. The Company has agreed to indemnify the selling stockholders against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933. Stockholders Agreement. All Lauder Family Members who are party to the Stockholders Agreement have agreed to vote shares beneficially owned by them for the election, as directors of the Company, of the following individuals: (a) William P. Lauder and Gary M. Lauder (or a designee in lieu of one of them); and (b) Ronald S. Lauder (or for one of his daughters), and one person, if any, designated by Ronald S. Lauder. Shares subject to the Stockholders Agreement represent a substantial majority of the voting power of the Company as of the Record Date. See Additional Information Regarding the Board of Directors Stockholders Agreement and Lauder Family Control. 2025 Proxy Statement | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Parties to the Stockholders Agreement may, without restriction under the agreement, sell their shares in a widely distributed underwritten public offering, in sales made in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, or to other Lauder Family Members. In addition, each party to the Stockholders Agreement may freely donate shares in an amount not to exceed 1% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock in any 90-day period. In the case of other private sales, each stockholder who is a party to the Stockholders Agreement (the Offering Stockholder ) has granted to each other party (the Offeree ) a right of first offer to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock that the Offering Stockholder intends to sell to a person (or group of persons) who is not a Lauder Family Member. Each Offeree has the opportunity to purchase the Offeree s pro rata portion of the shares to be offered by the Offering Stockholder, as well as additional shares not purchased by other Offerees. Any shares not purchased pursuant to the right of first offer may be sold at or above 95% of the price offered to the Offerees. The Stockholders Agreement also includes provisions for bona fide pledges of shares of Common Stock and procedures related to such pledges. The Stockholders Agreement will terminate upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including the transfer of shares of Common Stock by a party to the Stockholders Agreement that causes all parties thereto immediately after such transaction to own beneficially in the aggregate shares having less than 10% of the total voting power of the Company. Agreements with Aerin Lauder. Estee Lauder Inc. ( ELI ), a subsidiary of the Company, is party to (i) a creative consultant agreement with Aerin Lauder (the Creative Consultant Agreement ) and (ii) a brand license agreement with Ms. Lauder and Aerin LLC, a limited liability company wholly owned by Ms. Lauder (the License Agreement ). Creative Consultant Agreement. Under the Creative Consultant Agreement, Aerin Lauder is the Est e Lauder Ambassador, Director Creative Special Projects where she continues to act as a creative consultant and spokesperson for the brand, promoting the brand through personal appearances and her social media presence. Previously, she was the Style Design Director, Est e Lauder Re-Nutriv. The Creative Consultant Agreement was most recently amended in fiscal 2024 to extend the term through June 30, 2027. For fiscal 2025, Ms. Lauder received approximately $680,000 for her services under the agreement. For fiscal 2026, Ms. Lauder will receive the same amount ($680,000) for such services, plus any additional amounts per day, if applicable, as described below. The Company has the right to use Ms. Lauder s name and image to promote Est e Lauder beauty products and related makeup services of the Est e Lauder brand during the term of the Creative Consultant Agreement. Ms. Lauder has agreed to no more than 25 days of personal appearances per year to promote the brand, the Company, or its subsidiaries, after which ELI is required to pay her an additional amount per day ($29,000). No additional amount per day was paid in fiscal 2025. An office and access to an assistant are also provided to Ms. Lauder in connection with her services. License Agreement. Under the License Agreement, Aerin LLC has granted ELI a worldwide license to use the Aerin trademark and A logo (and related marks) and Ms. Lauder s name and image (i) exclusively in connection with Core Beauty Products (cosmetics, fragrances, toiletries, skin care, hair care, value sets, and beauty accessories) and (ii) non-exclusively in connection with Non-Core Beauty Products (cosmetics bags, tote bags, and fragranced candles). The License Agreement covers the name Aerin and not the name Lauder, for which the Company and its subsidiaries retain sole ownership. Following the expiration of the initial license term on June 30, 2017, the agreement automatically renewed for two additional 5-year periods. The first renewal period was through June 30, 2022, and the second renewal period is through June 30, 2027. The License Agreement provides for a third 5-year renewal term if ELI does not give notice of non-renewal and net sales hit certain performance targets (or if ELI cures a sales shortfall, in certain circumstances). ELI launched AERIN Beauty in September 2012 with several products, and additional products have been introduced since then. ELI may launch additional Aerin-branded products in its reasonable commercial judgment. Ms. Lauder has agreed to provide at least ten personal appearances under the License Agreement during each fiscal year, for which she will not be compensated, and which are in addition to those appearances covered by the Creative Consultant Agreement. ELI will be responsible for Ms. Lauder s reasonable travel expenses in connection with such appearances. Aerin LLC may terminate the License Agreement if an unaffiliated third party 32 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS obtains more than 50% of the voting power or equity of ELI. ELI may terminate the License Agreement if control of Aerin LLC (or substantially all of its assets) is transferred to a competitor of ELI or to certain categories of retailers not engaged in prestige distribution. Either side may terminate the License Agreemen