=== COHR_2025-10-02.htm.gz ===
tm2513374-4_nonfiling - none - 17.6805091s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 COHERENT CORP. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM CHAIR OF THE BOARD October 2, 2025 Dear Fellow Coherent Shareholders With the AI and technology industries continuing to evolve, datacenter, communications, and industrial market leaders are turning to Coherent to help fuel their own innovation and growth. As a result of our world-class offerings and critical partnerships, fiscal 2025 was another outstanding year for Coherent. Today, with more than 50 years of manufacturing excellence in the United States, Europe and Asia, we are proud to continue to strengthen Coherent s storied legacy, supported by the hard work of our thousands of Coherent teammates across our operations. Focused and Transformed Portfolio Capturing the Photonic Opportunity of the Future Photonics is a foundational technology across AI datacenters, communications, and a broad range of industrial applications. In response, we sharpened our strategic focus on these priority markets to ensure Coherent is positioned to fully capture these significant long-term growth opportunities. Our progress is already evident, with record full-year revenue of $5.81 billion delivered in fiscal 2025. As part of our portfolio optimization strategy, to align the Company with the highest long-term growth and profitability opportunities, we announced the sale of our aerospace and defense business in August 2025. At the same time, we are expanding our U.S.-based partnerships and capacities in high-value segments, highlighted by our recently announced multi-year agreement with Apple. Building on this momentum, we remain confident in our ability to extend our leadership and drive continued value creation in fiscal 2026 and beyond. Committed and Engaged Board and Leadership Team are Guiding Next Phase of Growth We also strengthened our executive leadership team with several key leadership appointments to accelerate execution across core business operations and critical, fast-growing segments. We believe disciplined and thoughtful refreshment is a critical component of innovative leadership and robust oversight across all of Coherent. Over the past five years, we refreshed seventy percent of the company s independent directors, significantly strengthening the Board s collective skillset and aligning its expertise with Coherent s evolving strategy and growth opportunities. More recently, we separated the roles of Board Chair and CEO and appointed new Chairs across all Committees to further sharpen the Board s focus on overseeing our operational discipline, strategic direction, and shareholder value creation strategy. We value the perspectives of all our shareholders and remain committed to transparency and active engagement. In response to last year s advisory vote on executive compensation, the Board undertook an expanded shareholder outreach effort, with the feedback received directly informing several responsiveness actions implemented this year, as described in more detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. Looking Ahead Coherent s Critical Role to Leading Solutions As photonics plays an increasingly vital role across key industries, we have firmly positioned Coherent as a global photonics leader, driving innovation and shaping the future for companies worldwide. We are confident in the future of our largest and fastest-growing priority, and we are focused on capturing growing demand for Coherent s industry-leading solutions. We expect fiscal 2026 to be another year of growth for Coherent and look forward to continuing to advance our efforts to deliver for shareholders. We are grateful for your continued investment and support. Sincerely, Enrico DiGirolamo Chair of the Coherent Corp. Board of Directors TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON NOVEMBER 13, 2025 AT 12:00 PM ET The Annual Meeting is a virtual meeting at: www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/COHR2025 RECORD DATE SEPTEMBER 15, 2025 Only shareholders of record as of the close of business on September 15, 2025 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. ATTENDANCE Only shareholders of record or their legal proxies may participate in the virtual Annual Meeting. ITEMS OF BUSINESS Shareholders are asked to vote on the following items at the Annual Meeting: Proposal 1 : Election of five Class Two directors, each for a three-year term to expire in 2028. Proposal 2 : A non-binding advisory vote to approve compensation paid to our named executive officers in fiscal year 2025, as disclosed in this proxy statement. Proposal 3 : Ratification of the Audit and Risk Committee s selection of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. Such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. VOTING Each share of common stock held by a shareholder of record of such common stock as of the close of business on September 15, 2025 is entitled to vote on each of the items to be voted on at the Annual Meeting. AVAILABILITY OF MATERIALS Shareholders of record will automatically receive a printed set of proxy materials, including a proxy card. For shareholders who hold shares through a broker, bank or other nominee (commonly referred to as held in street name ), we furnish proxy materials via the internet. If you received a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ) by mail from your broker, bank or other nominee, you will not receive a printed copy of the proxy materials unless you request one. The Notice instructs you how to access and review all the important information contained in the proxy materials over the internet. The Notice also provides instructions for submitting your proxy over the internet. If you received a Notice and would like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions for requesting materials included in the Notice. This proxy statement and proxy card will first be made available to shareholders on or about October 2, 2025. By Order of the Board Rob Beard, Secretary October 2, 2025 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. WE URGE YOU TO CAST YOUR VOTE AS INSTRUCTED IN THE NOTICE OR PROXY CARD AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. IF YOU DID NOT RECEIVE A PAPER PROXY CARD, YOU MAY REQUEST ONE BY CONTACTING THE COMPANY S SECRETARY AT COHERENT CORP., 375 SAXONBURG BOULEVARD, SAXONBURG, PA 16056. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting 1 Voting Matters and Board Recommendations 3 Proxy Highlights 4 PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 10 Class Two Directors Standing for Election 12 Continuing Directors 15 Meetings and Standing Committees of the Board 20 Director Independence and Corporate Governance Policies 22 Director Compensation 28 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 31 Executive Officers 34 PROPOSAL 2 NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPANY S 2025 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 36 Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 39 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 63 Summary Compensation Table 64 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Fiscal Year 2025 66 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 67 Options Exercised and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2025 69 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Fiscal Year 2025 70 Potential Payments upon Termination and/or Change in Control 71 CEO Pay Ratio 78 Pay Versus Performance 79 PROPOSAL 3 RATIFICATION OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE S SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 84 Report of the Audit and Risk Committee 86 General Information about the Meeting 89 Other Information 92 Other Matters 92 Annual Report on Form 10-K 93 2 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS VOTING MATTERS AND BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS MANAGEMENT PROPOSALS BOARD RECOMMENDS FOR MORE INFORMATION P ROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors Coherent s Board is presenting five nominees, Enrico DiGirolamo, David L. Motley, Lisa Neal-Graves, Shaker Sadasivam, and Michelle Sterling, for election as Class Two directors at the Annual Meeting. Coherent believes that these nominees possess diverse skills and experiences necessary to effectively address its evolving needs and represent the best interests of its shareholders. FOR Each Nominee Page 10 P ROPOSAL 2 Non-Binding Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation Paid to Named Executive Officers in fiscal year 2025 Coherent s executive compensation program strongly aligns named executive officers interests with those of the Company and its shareholders, and is designed to attract and retain high-caliber talent. FOR Page 36 PROPOSAL 3 Ratification of the Audit and Risk Committee s selection of E Y as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 Ernst Young is an independent auditing firm with the required knowledge and experience to effectively audit Coherent s financial statements. FOR Page 84 COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Highlights About Coherent Corporation Coherent Corp. is a global leader in photonics for the datacenter and communications, and industrial markets, with research and development, manufacturing, sales, service, and distribution facilities in more than 25 countries around the world. With our strategic focus on these fast-growing and sustainable markets, we pursue our mission of enabling the world to be safer, healthier, closer, and more efficient, and strive to attain our vision of a world transformed through innovations vital to a better life today and the sustainability of future generations. Coherent empowers market innovators to define the future through breakthrough technologies, from materials to systems. Industry Leading Solutions DATACENTER COMMUNICATIONS Enabling ultra-high speed data transmission and transforming global communications networks INDUSTRIAL Lasers and optics products serving diverse industrial customers from semiconductor, automotive, and instrumentation 4 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Record revenue of $5.81B, a 23% increase year over year. GAAP gross margin of 35.2%; non-GAAP gross margin of 37.9% GAAP EPS improved $1.32 to ($0.52); non-GAAP EPS improved $2.32 to $3.53* Paid down approximately $437 million of debt resulting in net leverage of 2.0x at June 30, 2025. * See the Appendix for a reconciliation between the non-GAAP financial measures and GAAP results PRODUCT HIGHLIGHTS Recorded first revenue from 1.6T transceivers Recorded first revenue from liquid-crystal optical circuit switch platform Shipment of our industry leading excimer laser annealing system for deployment in the first next generation OLED fabrication facility Launched industry first 600W excimer laser for energy applications FISCAL 2025 GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS In fiscal year 2025 we made several updates to our Board oversight structure to ensure alignment with our evolving business priorities and leading governance practices. Changes made to our corporate governance program include: We consolidated our Board Committees to enhance risk oversight in alignment with our strategic priorities. - We disbanded our former Strategy, Technology, Acquisition and Risk Committee (STAR) and moved oversight of our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program and general risk management to our Audit Committee, now called the Audit and Risk Committee. The former STAR Committee s responsibilities related to business strategy, technology, and M A activities are now overseen by the full Board. - Our Environmental, Social Responsibility and Governance Committee was renamed the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to reflect the majority of its responsibilities. The Committee retains oversight of our ethical culture, and sustainability initiatives aligned with our business priorities. In collaboration with a leading law firm, the Board conducted a review and updated all committee charters to ensure they continue to reflect leading governance practices. In response to feedback received from our shareholders, we implemented a number of changes to our executive compensation program, as described in this proxy statement. FISCAL YEAR 2025 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS 23% REVENUE 424 BPS GAAP GROSS MARGIN 72% GAAP EPS 123% TSR COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT HIGHLIGHTS The Coherent Board values transparent and ongoing engagement with our shareholders, and maintains a robust, director-led engagement program to better understand our shareholders priorities and perspectives. Following our 2024 annual meeting, we conducted an extensive outreach effort, with engagement topics focusing on executive compensation, corporate governance, and our Company s strategy. Highlights from our fiscal year 2025 engagement are below: Contacted 27 investors representing 80% of shares outstanding Met with 7 investors representing 44% of shares outstanding Our engagement team was led by our independent Board Chair with other independent directors participating Independent directors participated in 85% of the shareholder meetings FISCAL 2025 BUSINESS IMPACT HIGHLIGHTS At Coherent, corporate responsibility is integral to our mission. We strive to innovate our products, technologies, and systems to improve people s lives, support sustainable business growth, and contribute meaningfully to shareholder value. SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS Awarded Excellence in Sustainability Award by KLA Awarded EcoVadis Gold Medal ENVIRONMENT To foster efficient operations we achieved 85% renewable electricity across our operations. PEOPLE Renewed focus on employee engagement with a 95% response rate to recent employee engagement survey and 83% employee engagement rate. Building a robust talent pipeline with an expanded intern program. We brought in more than 100 interns across our U.S. locations. TECHNOLOGY Held our inaugural Innovation Summit, brought over 100 innovators from across the Company together and featured over close to 100 submissions and R D proposals combined. GOVERNANCE Awarded NACD Three Rivers Chapter Board of the Year in recognition of our successful CEO transition. 6 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS Nominee Occupation Class Age Director Since Independent Gender Committees AR NCG CHC JIM ANDERSON President and CEO, Coherent One 53 2024 M JOSEPH J. CORASANTI Former President and CEO, CONMED Three 61 2002 M C ENRICO DIGIROLAMO Board Chair Former CFO and SVP, Covisint Two 70 2018 M MICHAEL L. DREYER Former COO, Silicon Valley Bank One 61 2019 M PATRICIA HATTER President and COO, Opsera Three 63 2019 F DAVID L. MOTLEY General Partner, BTN Ventures Two 66 2021 M LISA NEAL- GRAVES Former CEO, Aurora Wellness Community Two 62 2021 F STEPHEN PAGLIUCA Senior Advisor, Bain Capital Private Equity, LP One 70 2021 M ELIZABETH A. PATRICK Former SVP and Chief People Officer, Diebold Nixdorf One 57 2023 F SHAKER SADASIVAM Co-Founder, President and CEO, Auragent Bioscience, LLC Two 65 2016 M STEPHEN A. SKAGGS Former SVP and CFO, Atmel Corporation Three 63 2022 M MICHELLE STERLING Former EVP and Chief Human Resources Officer, Qualcomm Two 57 2023 F C SANDEEP VIJ Former President and CEO, MIPS Technologies Three 59 2022 M HOWARD H. XIA Former General Manager, Vodafone China Limited One 65 2011 M Committee member Audit Committee Financial Expert (as defined by the SEC) C Committee Chair Note: Age calculated as of August 31, 2025 AR Audit and Risk Committee | NCG Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee | CHC Compensation and Human Capital Committee COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR ATTRIBUTES AND EXPERIENCE The table below highlights some of the categories of key attributes and experience possessed by our continuing directors and nominees for election which are further defined below, and which are valued by our Board in guiding a complex, global manufacturing company and in overseeing our strategy for future growth. The biographies of our directors include more information about our directors relevant skills, experience and qualifications. Accounting/ Finance Busi ness Devel op ment/ Strategy Cor po rate Gover nance/ Ethics Exec u tive Leader ship IT/ Cyber se cu rity/ Pri vacy Legal/ Reg u la tory Mate rials/ Semi con ductor/ Net working/ Laser Indus tries Oper a tions Risk Man age ment Talent/ Com pen sa tion Tech nology/ IP James R. Anderson Chief Executive Officer and Director Joseph J. Corasanti Independent Director Enrico DiGirolamo Independent Board Chair Michael L. Dreyer Independent Director Lisa Neal-Graves Independent Director Patricia Hatter Independent Director David L. Motley Independent Director Stephen Pagliuca Independent Director Elizabeth A. Patrick Independent Director Shaker Sadasivam Independent Director Stephen A. Skaggs Independent Director Michelle Sterling Independent Director Sandeep Vij Independent Director Howard H. Xia Independent Director # of Directors with Skill/Experience 7 14 9 13 2 6 7 14 11 10 14 8 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS NUMBER OF NOMINEES WITH KEY BOARD SKILLS ACCOUNTING / FINANCE Possesses a deep understanding of finance, accounting principles and methodologies, financial reporting, financial management, capital markets, financial statements, audit processes and procedures or internal financial controls. BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT / STRATEGY Expertise in strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, growth strategies or business expansion. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE / ETHICS Significant corporate governance and/or ethics experience. EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP Current or former chief executive officer or the equivalent thereof, senior executive or business unit leader of a company with significant experience overseeing complex business operations and growth initiatives. IT / CYBERSECURITY / PRIVACY Experienced leader in cybersecurity or privacy, including overseeing risks related to emerging cybersecurity developments, threats and strategies. LEGAL / REGULATORY Relevant background in governmental policy, legal knowledge or experience with compliance and regulatory issues within a public company or regulatory body, including being a Certified Public Accountant, having a Juris Doctorate, or having significant chief financial officer experience. MATERIALS / SEMICONDUCTOR / NETWORKING / LASER INDUSTRIES Specific and extensive professional experience in the materials, semiconductor, networking and/or laser industries. OPERATIONS Experience in business operations, management, supply chain management, integration or distribution. RISK MANAGEMENT Demonstrated expertise in identifying, assessing and overseeing evolving risks, including the development and implementation of effective mitigation strategies. TALENT / COMPENSATION Specific and extensive career knowledge focusing on human talent management and compensation, including current or former service on the compensation committee of a public company. TECHNOLOGY / IP Coherent product-relevant experience in technology or intellectual property matters. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our Board is comprised of a broad range of talented professionals with a balance of professional and personal experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that best reflect the qualities that the Company seeks in its Board members. The Board is divided into three classes, each as nearly equal as possible in number of directors. At present, the Board consists of 14 members, with five directors each in Classes One and Two and four directors in Class Three. The current term of our Class Two Directors expires at the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, five directors have been nominated for election to Class Two positions, for a term of three years or until such time as their respective successors are elected and qualified, or until his or her death, resignation or removal. Any Board vacancy may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors then in office, and any director so elected will serve for the same term that the predecessor would have served, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. The persons named as proxies for this Annual Meeting were selected by the Board and have advised the Board that, unless authority is withheld, they intend to vote the shares represented by validly submitted proxies FOR the election of each of the Class Two Directors. Each of the nominees has consented to serve if elected. However, if any of them is unable or unwilling to serve as a director, the Board may designate a substitute nominee, in which case the persons named as proxies will vote for any substitute nominee proposed by the Board. DIRECTOR CONDITIONAL RESIGNATION POLICY Each incumbent director nominee has submitted an irrevocable conditional resignation, which is effective if the nominee receives a greater number of votes AGAINST than votes FOR that person s election. If this occurs, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the NCG Committee) will recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject the resignation. The Board will act on the resignation, taking into account the NCG Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision, and the underlying rationale, within 90 days after the date the election results are certified. The incumbent director will remain as a member of the Board during this process. BOARD DEMOGRAPHICS As of June 30, 2025 62 6 93% Average Age Average Tenure Independent All of our directors other than our CEO are independent COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS CLASS TWO DIRECTORS STANDING FOR ELECTION ENRICO DIGIROLAMO INDEPENDENT BOARD CHAIR Mr. DiGirolamo is a proven global business leader who brings decades of experience driving strategic transformation and financial performance across technology, manufacturing, and mobility sectors. His deep expertise in corporate finance, coupled with senior leadership roles at Fortune 100 and growth-stage companies strengthens the Board s oversight of complex international operations, risk management, and value creation. Mr. DiGirolamo is currently a senior advisor to technology companies, manufacturing concerns, and private equity firms. From 2013 to 2017, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Covisint Corporation, a leading cloud computing company for the Internet of Things and Identity platforms. Mr. DiGirolamo was with Allstate Insurance from 2010 to 2013, where he served as Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing and Finance. From 2008 to 2010, he served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for General Motors in Europe. During a 31-year career with General Motors, Mr. DiGirolamo held a variety of senior executive positions throughout the corporation, including 12 years outside the United States. Mr. DiGirolamo served on the board of directors of Metromedia International Group (2010-2017), Premier Trailer Leasing, Inc. (2012-2013), IdentiFix (2013-2014) and Garsite (2018-2024). Mr. DiGirolamo holds a B.S. degree from Central Michigan University, and an MBA from Eastern Michigan University, and completed the Senior Executive Program at the International Institute for Management Development in Lausanne, Switzerland. He is a member of the Dean s Leadership Roundtable at Central Michigan University. Class: Two Director Since: 2018 Term Expires: 2025 Age: 70 BOARD COMMITTEES Audit and Risk OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) None DAVID L. MOTLEY INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Mr. Motley is a seasoned executive and investor with deep expertise in corporate strategy, early-stage technology, and real estate business development. His extensive board experience across public, private and nonprofit organizations enhances the Board s oversight of governance, innovation and long-term value creation. Mr. Motley serves as General Partner of BTN Ventures, a venture fund investing in pre-seed and seed stage technology companies, since 2021. Mr. Motley also serves as a partner in DDRC 327 NEGL, LLC, a real estate development company, since 2016, and as Chief Executive Officer of MCAPS, LLC, a professional services company providing corporate real estate services, since 2018. Mr. Motley has also served as Senior Managing Partner of Blue Tree Venture Fund since 2012, a venture investing in early-stage life science and IT companies. Mr. Motley also serves on the boards of F.N.B. Corporation, a diversified financial services company; Koppers Holdings Inc., an integrated global provider of treated wood products, wood treatment chemicals and carbon compounds; and Armada, a privately-owned supply chain management company. Mr. Motley is also board chair for SRI International, an independent nonprofit technology research and development organization. Mr. Motley is a Cum Laude graduate of the University of Pittsburgh s Swanson School of Engineering and a Distinguished Alumni Awardee, a recognition provided to less than one percent of the graduates. Mr. Motley holds an MBA from the Harvard Business School. Class: Two Director Since: 2021 Term Expires: 2025 Age: 66 BOARD COMMITTEES Audit and Risk OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) Koppers Holdings Inc. (since 2018) F.N.B Corporation (since 2013) Deep Lake Capital Acquisition Corp. (2021-2023) 12 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS LISA NEAL-GRAVES INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Ms. Neal-Graves is a proven technology executive with deep expertise in strategic planning, global operations, and product management across the semiconductor, telecommunications, and cloud industries. Her background in data science, technology policy, and global product management, including in China, Italy and the United Kingdom, strengthens the Board s knowledge and discussions in navigating complex tech-driven transformation. Ms. Neal-Graves is the former Chief Executive Officer of the Aurora Wellness Community ( AWC ), a University of Colorado School of Medicine nonprofit entity in partnership with the Aurora, Colorado, community. Ms. Neal-Graves is a data scientist, technology strategist, and technology legal policy and compliance executive who brings extensive experience in the semiconductor and telecommunications industries to our Board. Before her last role, she served as the Chief Innovation Officer for the Colorado Attorney General; General Counsel and Chief Marketing Officer of Universal Plasma, LLC, an early-stage antenna technology company; Vice President and General Manager of the Cloud Strategic Product Group for Zayo Group; and in various roles at Intel Corporation, including CIO Counsel and positions of increasing responsibility and impact for the company s strategic long-range technology and research planning. Ms. Neal-Graves also held senior executive positions, including VP/GM (Unisys), CTO (Serviceware), Senior VP/GM (Chase), and GM (AT T/Bell Labs). Ms. Neal-Graves serves on the Center for Improving Value in Health Care ( CIVHC ), Rocky Mountain Public Media, and BEN Colorado board of directors. Ms. Neal-Graves graduated from Hampton University, where she obtained her undergraduate degree in applied mathematics and computer science. She also holds a M.S. in Computer Science from Michigan State University (with an emphasis in Artificial Intelligence), a Master degree in Engineering Management from the University of Colorado Boulder, and a JD from the University of Colorado School of Law. Class: Two Director Since: 2021 Term Expires: 2025 Age: 62 BOARD COMMITTEES Nominating and Corporate Governance OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) None SHAKER SADASIVAM INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Dr. Sadasivam is a veteran semiconductor industry leader with extensive experience related to the semiconductor industry, and insight into areas including operations, product development, and engineering management. His experience as a CEO, R D executive and board member across both public and private companies enhances the Board s strategic insight into technology innovation and global manufacturing. Dr. Sadasivam is the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Auragent Bioscience, LLC. He also serves as Chair of the Board FTC Solar, Inc., a public company, and serves on the boards of two private companies, Sfara a developer of mobile-based safety and detection technology, and Sea Pharmaceuticals, LLC a neurotherapeutics R D company advancing potential treatments for tinnitus epilepsy. In 2016, Dr. Sadasivam retired as President and Chief Executive Officer of SunEdison Semiconductor Limited, a leading manufacturer of advanced semiconductors for electronics, a position he held from 2013. From 2009 to 2013, he served as Executive Vice President and President, Semiconductor Materials Business Unit of SunEdison, Inc. (a predecessor to SunEdison Semiconductor Limited, formerly known as MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc.). From 2002 to 2009, Dr. Sadasivam served as Senior Vice President Research and Development of SunEdison, Inc. Dr. Sadasivam holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Chemical Engineering from the University of Madras and Indian Institute of Technology, an MBA from Washington University s Olin School of Business, and a Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from Clarkson University. Class: Two Director Since: 2016 Term Expires: 2025 Age: 65 BOARD COMMITTEES Audit and Risk OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) FTC Solar, Inc. (since 2017) COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS MICHELLE STERLING INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Ms. Sterling is an established business leader with experience overseeing global human capital strategies, and organizational transformations. Her particular expertise in M A integration in high-tech and semiconductor sectors, enhances the Board s deliberations related to talent strategy, culture development, and long-term growth initiatives. Ms. Sterling was the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Qualcomm, Inc., a semiconductor, software and services company serving the wireless communications industry, from 2015 to 2020; Senior Vice President, Human Resources from 2007 to 2015 and served in various capacities at Qualcomm, Inc. from 1994 to 2007. Throughout her tenure with Qualcomm, Ms. Sterling supported Qualcomm s strategies in complex transactions including acquisitions, joint ventures, and divestitures, integration, human capital management, and real estate and facilities. Ms. Sterling had direct responsibility for Qualcomm s Human Resources global employees and served as a member of Qualcomm s executive committee. Ms. Sterling has served as director for Digital Turbine, Inc., a mobile growth platform for advertisers, publishers, carriers, and device original equipment manufacturers, since 2019, and previously served as a director of TuSimple, an autonomous technology company specifically designed for semi-trucks, from 2021 to 2022. Ms. Sterling holds a B.S. in Business Management from the University of Redlands. Class: Two Director Since: 2023 Term Expires: 2025 Age: 57 BOARD COMMITTEES Compensation and Human Capital (Chair) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) LeddarTech (2023-2025) Digital Turbine (since 2019) VOTE REQUIRED A nominee will be elected to the Board if the number of votes cast for the nominee exceeds the number of votes cast against the nominee s election, subject to the Company s policy described under Proposal 1 Election of Directors Director Conditional Resignation Policy. Abstentions and broker non-votes have no effect on this matter. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR EACH OF THE NOMINEES NAMED ABOVE FOR ELECTION AS A CLASS TWO DIRECTOR. 14 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS CONTINUING DIRECTORS EXISTING CLASS THREE DIRECTORS WHOSE TERM EXPIRES IN 2026 JOSEPH J. CORASANTI INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Mr. Corasanti is a former public company CEO with a strong track record in corporate leadership, M A execution, and governance across the medical technology and defense sectors. His legal background and deep board experience enhance the Board s capabilities in risk oversight, strategic growth and regulatory compliance. Mr. Corasanti presently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of SRC, Inc., a company that designs, manufactures and sells products and services for the defense industry. Previously, Mr. Corasanti held a number of management roles at CONMED Corporation, a medical technology company, serving as President and Chief Executive Officer from 2006 to July 2014; President and Chief Operating Officer from 1999 to 2006; Executive Vice President/General Manager from 1998 to 1999; and General Counsel and Vice President-Legal Affairs from 1993 to 1998. He also served as a director of CONMED from 1994 to 2014. From 1990 to 1993, he was an Associate Attorney with the Los Angeles office of the law firm of Morgan, Wenzel McNicholas. Mr. Corasanti holds a B.A. degree in Political Science from Hobart College and a JD from Whittier College School of Law. Class: Three Director Since: 2002 Term Expires: 2026 Age: 61 BOARD COMMITTEES Audit and Risk Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) SRC (since 2015) PATRICIA HATTER INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Ms. Hatter is a veteran technology executive with leadership experience in cybersecurity, enterprise IT, and digital operations across some of the industry s most influential companies. Her prior public board service and executive roles strengthen the Board s expertise in cybersecurity, customer engagement, and scalable tech strategy. Ms. Hatter is currently the President and Chief Operating Officer of Opsera, an early-stage DevOps platform company, where she has served since 2023. She previously served as the Chief Customer Officer of Palo Alto Networks, Inc., a multinational cybersecurity company, where she served from 2019 to 2022. Ms. Hatter previously served as the General Manager and Senior Vice President Services of McAfee, LLC, a global computer security software company, from in 2017, and was the Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President Operations, at McAfee, LLC, from 2010 to 2015. Ms. Hatter additionally served as the Chief Information Officer Intel Security and General Manager Security Software at Intel Corporation, a leader in the semiconductor industry, from 2015 to 2016. Ms. Hatter also held various leadership roles at Cisco Systems, Inc., and AT T Corporation. Ms. Hatter served on the board of directors of Barrick Gold Corporation, an international mining company from 2018 until 2019, and the board of directors of Qualys, Inc., a leading provider of cloud-based security and compliance solutions, from 2018 until 2019. Ms. Hatter holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University. Class: Three Director Since: 2019 Term Expires: 2026 Age: 63 BOARD COMMITTEES Nominating and Corporate Governance OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) None COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS STEPHEN A. SKAGGS INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Mr. Skaggs brings over 25 years of executive leadership in the high-technology and semiconductor industries, including CEO and CFO roles at public companies in the space. His board experience and expertise in corporate strategy, M A, and financial management make him a highly valuable contributor to the Board. Mr. Skaggs joined the Board in conjunction with the acquisition of Coherent, Inc. in 2022. Previously, Mr. Skaggs served as a member of the board of directors of Coherent, Inc. beginning in 2013. Mr. Skaggs has been a private investor since 2016. Previously, he held the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Atmel Corporation, a leading supplier of microcontrollers, from 2013 until its acquisition by Microchip Technology Incorporated in 2016. Mr. Skaggs has more than 25 years of experience in the semiconductor industry, including serving as President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of Lattice. He was also previously a member of the board of directors of Lattice. Prior to Lattice, Mr. Skaggs was employed by Bain Company, a global management consulting firm, where he specialized in high-technology product strategy, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate restructurings. Mr. Skaggs holds a B.S. degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley and an MBA from the Harvard Business School. Class: Three Director Since: 2022 Term Expires: 2026 Age: 63 BOARD COMMITTEES Audit and Risk (Chair) Nominating and Corporate Governance OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) Ouster (since 2024) IDEX Biometrics, ASA (2019-2024) SANDEEP VIJ INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Mr. Vij brings a proven track record of executive leadership in the high-technology sector to the Board, with CEO and board roles at public companies and deep expertise in marketing, strategy, and semiconductors. His industry insight and operational acumen provide valuable contributions to the Board. Mr. Vij joined the Board in conjunction with the acquisition of Coherent, Inc. in 2022. Previously, Mr. Vij served as a member of the board of directors of Coherent, Inc. beginning in 2004. Mr. Vij has been a private investor since 2013. Previously, he held the position of President and Chief Executive Officer and was a member of the board of directors of MIPS Technologies, Inc., a leading provider of processor architectures and cores, from 2010 until its sale in 2013. In addition, Mr. Vij was the Vice President and General Manager of the Broadband and Consumer Division of Cavium Networks, Inc., a provider of highly integrated semiconductor products, from 2008 to 2010. Prior to that, he held the position of Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, Services, and Support for Xilinx, Inc., a digital programmable logic device provider, from 2007 to April 2008. From 2001 to 2006, he held the position of Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Xilinx. From 1997 to 2001, he served as Vice President and General Manager of the General Products Division at Xilinx. Mr. Vij joined Xilinx in 1996 as Director of FPGA Marketing. He is a graduate of General Electric s Edison Engineering Program and Advanced Courses in Engineering. He holds an MSEE from Stanford University and a BSEE from San Jose State University. Class: Three Director Since: 2022 Term Expires: 2026 Age: 59 BOARD COMMITTEES Compensation and Human Capital OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) None 16 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXISTING CLASS ONE DIRECTORS WHOSE TERM EXPIRES IN 2027 JAMES R. ANDERSON CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT Mr. Anderson brings deep executive leadership and operational expertise across the semiconductor and technology industries, with a track record of driving growth, innovation, and strategic transformation. His background in risk management, finance, corporate governance, talent and compensation, business development and strategy, and technology and intellectual property makes him a dynamic and highly capable leader on the Board. Mr. Anderson was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Coherent Corp. and a member of the Board of Directors in 2024. He previously served as a director and President and Chief Executive Officer of Lattice Semiconductor Corporation ( Lattice ) since 2018. Prior to joining Lattice, Mr. Anderson served as the Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Computing and Graphics Business Group at Advanced Micro Devices ( AMD ). Prior to AMD, Mr. Anderson held a broad range of leadership positions spanning general management, engineering, sales, marketing and corporate strategy at companies including Intel, Broadcom (formerly Avago Technologies) and LSI Corporation. Mr. Anderson served on the Board of Directors of Entegris, Inc., from 2023 to 2024 and on the Board of Directors of the Semiconductor Industry Association from 2020 through 2024. He previously served on the Board of Directors of Sierra Wireless from 2020 to 2023. Mr. Anderson is currently a director of Applied Materials. Mr. Anderson earned an MBA and M.S. in electrical engineering and computer science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, an M.S. degree in electrical engineering from Purdue University, and a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Minnesota. Class: One Director Since: 2024 Term Expires: 2027 Age: 53 BOARD COMMITTEES None OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) Applied Materials (since July 2025) Lumotive (since 2023) Entegris, Inc. (2023-2024) Lattice Semiconductor Corporation (2018-2024) Sierra Wireless (2020-2023) MICHAEL L. DREYER INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Mr. Dreyer brings extensive executive leadership and board experience, with deep expertise in cybersecurity, technology infrastructure, and the financial and banking sectors. His background in operations, information systems, and digital innovation makes him a strategic asset to the Board. Mr. Dreyer served as the Chief Operations Officer of Silicon Valley Bank from 2015 to 2019. Before joining Silicon Valley Bank, Mr. Dreyer was President and Chief Operating Officer of Monitise Americas, LLC, a subsidiary of Monitise Plc, a company providing mobile banking and payment services, from 2014 to 2015. Mr. Dreyer was the global head of technology and Chief Information Officer at VISA Inc., from 2005 to 2014. Previously, Mr. Dreyer was Chief Information Officer of Inovant, LLC, a company providing electronic payment processing services. He has also held executive positions at VISA USA (Senior Vice President of Processing and Emerging Products, and Senior Vice President of Commercial Solutions). Additionally, Mr. Dreyer held senior positions at American Express Co, Prime Financial, Inc., Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), Downey Savings, Bank of America, and the Fairmont Hotel Management Company. Mr. Dreyer served as a member of the board of directors of Finisar Corporation ( Finisar ) from 2015 through 2019 (the effective date of the Company s acquisition of Finisar), and is currently a director of F5 Networks, Inc., a developer and provider of software-defined application services. Mr. Dreyer received B.S. in psychology and an MBA from Washington State University. Class: One Director Since: 2019 Term Expires: 2027 Age: 61 BOARD COMMITTEES Audit and Risk Nominating and Corporate Governance OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) F5 Networks (since 2012) COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS STEPHEN PAGLIUCA INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Mr. Pagliuca is an experienced global executive, with a strong background in private equity, successful strategic investments, and corporate governance. His expertise in scaling businesses and driving long-term value provides invaluable insights to Board discussions on capital management and growth. Mr. Pagliuca is a senior advisor at Bain Capital, a leading global investment firm based in Boston with approximately $160 billion in assets under management. He previously served as Managing Director of Bain Capital Private Equity, LP, a global private equity firm, and as Co-Chair of Bain Capital, LP. Mr. Pagliuca has served on the board of Gartner, Inc., a research and advisory company, since 2010. He is a co-owner and Managing General Partner of the World Champion Boston Celtics and serves on the NBA Board of Governors. Mr. Pagliuca is also co-owner and co-chairman of the Serie A professional football club, Atalanta Bergamasca Calcio. Mr. Pagliuca earned his B.A. from Duke University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. Class: One Director Since: 2021 Term Expires: 2027 Age: 70 BOARD COMMITTEES Compensation and Human Capital OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) Gartner, Inc. (since 2010) ELIZABETH A. PATRICK INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Ms. Patrick brings global expertise in talent strategy, with a strong focus on executive compensation, leadership development, and organizational transformation. Her experience driving large-scale change and implementing HR systems provides a critical perspective to the Board s oversight of its human capital management strategy. Ms. Patrick was the Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer for Diebold Nixdorf, a financial and retail technology company specializing in self-service transaction systems, point-of-sale terminals, physical security products, and software and related services, from 2019 to 2022. Prior to that, she was the Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for Veritiv Corporation, a leading provider of packaging, print and facility solutions, from 2014 to 2019. Ms. Patrick earned her B.S. in Finance from Michigan State University, and MBA from Wayne State University. Class: One Director Since: 2023 Term Expires: 2027 Age: 57 BOARD COMMITTEES Compensation and Human Capital OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) None 18 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS HOWARD H. XIA INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Dr. Xia is an experienced global telecommunications industry leader, with extensive knowledge of global operations and telecom markets across Asia. His technical background, leadership experience, and experience guiding successful cross-border operations enhance the Board s global perspective and strategic planning in critical markets. Dr. Xia was formerly General Manager of Vodafone China Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vodafone Group Plc, a telecommunications company, from 2001 to 2014. From 1994 to 2001, he served as a Director, Technology Strategy for Vodafone AirTouch Plc and AirTouch Communications, Inc. He served as a Senior Staff Engineer at Telesis Technology Laboratory from 1992 to 1994, and was a Senior Engineer at PacTel Cellular from 1990 to 1992. Dr. Xia holds a B.S. degree in Physics from South China Normal University, an M.S. in Physics and Electrical Engineering, and a Ph.D. in Electro physics, from Polytechnic School of Engineering of New York University. Class: One Director Since: 2011 Term Expires: 2027 Age: 65 BOARD COMMITTEES Compensation and Human Capital OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS (past five years) None COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS MEETINGS AND STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD The Board met six times in fiscal year 2025. In fiscal year 2025 each director attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board and the committees on which he or she served. The Board has three standing committees: Audit and Risk, Compensation and Human Capital, and Nominating and Corporate Governance. All Committees have written charters, which are reviewed on an annual basis, and are available on the Company s website at www.coherent.com/company/investor-relations/governance. COMMITTEE OVERVIEW AUDIT AND RISK CHAIR Stephen Skaggs* MEMBERS Joseph Corasanti* Enrico DiGirolamo* Michael Dreyer David Motley Shaker Sadasivam* Meetings in FISCAL YEAR 2025 7 * Qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission The Committee assists the Board with oversight of financial reporting, internal controls, and ethics and compliance matters. Key Responsibilities Oversees the Company s discharge of its financial reporting obligations, including ensuring the quality and integrity of the Company s accounting, auditing, internal control, and financial reporting practices Oversees the Company s development of an effective and continuously improving control environment Oversees the Company s internal audit function and periodically reviews the responsibilities, resources, functions, and performance of the Company s internal audit function Retains sole responsibility for the selection, appointment, compensation, retention, and replacement of the independent auditors Pre-approves all services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with applicable law Establishes procedures for the submission, retention, and treatment of concerns regarding accounting, internal controls, auditing matters, financial statements, the Code of Ethical Business Conduct, or other Company policies Reviews, approves, and oversees any related party transactions and any other potential conflict of interest situations on an ongoing basis and develops policies and procedures for the Audit and Risk Committee s approval of related party transactions Prepares the Audit and Risk Committee Report for the annual proxy statement Reviews the Company s enterprise risk management program, strategies and operational risks, and risks not overseen by another committee 20 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL CHAIR Michelle Sterling MEMBERS Stephen Pagliuca Elizabeth Patrick Sandeep Vij Howard Xia MEETINGS IN FISCAL YEAR 2025 6 The Committee supports oversight and review of the Company s executive compensation program, broader pay philosophy, and human capital management strategies. Key Responsibilities Annually reviews and approves all aspects of the CEO s terms of employment, goals, objectives, and total compensation Annually reviews and approves all aspects of the total compensation of the other executive officers under its purview Annually reviews and recommends to the Board for approval the compensation package for non-employee directors Administers compensation-related plans, including equity-based incentive compensation plans, employee stock purchase plans, and deferred compensation plans Reviews with management the Company s human capital management strategy and practices, which may include employee engagement programs and initiatives; employee safety; and succession planning Reviews and discusses with management all executive compensation disclosures in the annual report and proxy statement, and produces the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s report on executive officer compensation for the annual report or proxy statement NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CHAIR Joseph Corasanti MEMBERS Michael Dreyer Patricia Hatter Lisa Neal-Graves Stephen Skaggs MEETINGS IN FISCAL YEAR 2025 4 The Committee develops Coherent s corporate governance policies, oversees matters of Board composition and refreshment, and provides guidance on sustainability goals. Key Responsibilities Oversees the Company s corporate governance policies and practices to ensure that it aligns with the Company s overall business strategy Oversees the Company s engagement with external stakeholders on corporate governance matters Makes recommendations to the Board regarding the selection and approval of the nominees for director to be submitted to a shareholder vote In coordination with the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, assesses the adequacy of succession planning for management of the Company Facilitates annual self-evaluations of the Board and the Board committees Oversee the Company s ethical culture and sustainability vision, management s systems to assure occupational and environmental health and safety, and its environmental, social and governance goals Oversees the systems, policies, controls, and procedures to identify, mitigate, manage and disclose risks and incidents related to cybersecurity COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE POLICIES The Company s Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). The rules of the NYSE require that a majority of the Company s Board be Independent Directors (as defined in the NYSE s rules). Our Corporate Governance Guidelines further provide that a substantial majority of the members of the Company s Board must qualify as independent. The Board has determined that all of the continuing directors or nominees for election as director are independent within the meaning of the NYSE s rules, other than Mr. Anderson. In its annual review of director independence, the Board considers all commercial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, or other business relationships any director may have with the Company to determine whether any director has a material relationship with the Company. The Board considers a material relationship to be one that impairs or inhibits, or has the potential to impair or inhibit, a director s exercise of critical and disinterested judgment on behalf of the Company. When assessing the materiality of a director s relationship with the Company, the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances, from both the standpoint of the director in his or her individual capacity, and from the standpoint of the director s family and other affiliations. In addition, the NCG Committee facilitates annual self-evaluations of the Board, the Audit and Risk Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, and the NCG Committee in order to determine whether the Board and such Committees are functioning effectively. The Company is in compliance with all applicable governance requirements of the NYSE. RISK MANAGEMENT AND MITIGATION The Board is responsible for risk management oversight, including our Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) program. The Board has delegated primary oversight of key risk areas to each of the Board Committees as described below. Our ERM program is designed to facilitate the identification, assessment, management, and monitoring of material risks the Company may face over the short term and long term and provide regular communication with our Board and its committees regarding these risks. Key risks are raised by management to the Audit and Risk Committee. At least annually, our Vice President of Internal Audit reports to the Audit and Risk Committee on our enterprise risk assessment. Our Board consults with outside advisors and members of management to help monitor trends, identify potential threats, and assess the Company s risk environment. Risk areas identified in the ERM process help inform how we present the risks facing the Company in the Risk Factors section of our fiscal year 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is also reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Audit and Risk Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Compensation and Human Capital Committee Internal audit and internal controls Enterprise Risk Management Legal and regulatory requirements, including the Ethics and Compliance program Board and committee composition and Board leadership structure Corporate governance policies Cybersecurity Corporate responsibility programs and policies Compensation programs and practices Equity and other incentive plans People programs, policies and practices MANAGEMENT 22 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS MANAGEMENT SUCCESSION PLANNING Our Board is responsible for the development and regular review of a comprehensive succession plan for our CEO and senior management. Our Board believes that the full Board, including our CEO, should be actively engaged and involved in CEO and senior management succession planning, with the goal of business and operational continuity and sustaining the Company s strong track record of increasing shareholder value. In general, the Board s management succession planning is designed to anticipate both planned successions, such as those arising from anticipated retirements, and unplanned succession events, including emergencies and a range of other potential contingencies. Our Board has adopted an emergency succession plan to facilitate the transition to both interim and long-term leadership in the event of an unexpected vacancy in the position of CEO. Our CEO and Chief People Officer supports the annual succession plan review conducted by the Board by providing information about each executive role and succession scenarios, including an overview of each potential successor s experience and potential, readiness assessment and planned leadership development opportunities. The independent members of the Board also regularly interact with employees across several levels of seniority through management presentations at Board meetings and other informal events to form their own independent assessment of senior leaders. Our Board, including our CEO, also regularly reviews senior management succession planning and the composition of senior management with our Chief People Officer. If the succession plan is triggered for a member of senior management, our Board would participate in the discussion and consideration of any action with our CEO and Chief People Officer. NOMINATION OF CANDIDATES FOR DIRECTOR The Company considers director candidates from several sources, including existing directors, members of the Company s management team, shareholders, and third-party search firms. The Company s current bylaws describe the procedures by which shareholders may recommend candidates for election to the Board. In general, shareholder nominations must be made in writing, and notice of a nomination must be given to our Secretary no earlier than the close of business on the 150th day, and no later than the close of business on the 120th day, before the anniversary date of the previous year s annual meeting. If the date of the annual meeting is changed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary date of the previous year s annual meeting, the notice must be delivered no earlier than the close of business on the 120th day before the annual meeting and no later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day before the annual meeting or (ii) the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the meeting is first made. In addition, a notice of nomination must include information regarding both the nominating shareholder and each director nominee as set forth in the Company s bylaws, including: their relationship to each other; any understanding between them regarding the nomination; the shares owned by the nominating shareholder; and other information concerning the nominating shareholder and/or each nominee that is required for inclusion in a proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Further, to be eligible for election as a director of the Company, the nominee must deliver within the timeframe noted above a written questionnaire detailing his or her background and qualifications, and a written representation and agreement as set forth in the Company s bylaws. The form for this representation and agreement will be provided by the Secretary of the Company upon written request. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS The NCG Committee considers a variety of factors when determining whether to recommend a nominee for election to the Board, including those factors set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. In general, candidates nominated for election to the Board should possess the following qualifications: high personal and professional ethics, integrity, practical wisdom and mature judgment; broad training and experience in policy-making decisions in business; expertise that is useful to the Company, and complementary to the background and experience of the other directors; willingness to devote the amount of time necessary to carry out the duties and responsibilities of a director; commitment to serve on the Board over a period of multiple years in order to develop knowledge about the Company and its operations; diversity of background (including differences in viewpoint, race, ethnicity, origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, professional experience, education and skill sets); willingness to represent the best interests of all stakeholders and objectively appraise management performance; and compliance with the Company s independence requirements. Potential candidates are screened and interviewed by a selection committee appointed by the NCG Committee. The NCG Committee s practice is to review the skills, experiences, and attributes of individual Board members and candidates given the current make-up of the Board, to ensure that the Board includes individuals who will serve the Company s strategic and governance needs. We consider all dimensions of diversity in determining what mix of individuals will provide the Board a broad range of experience, knowledge, talents and perspectives. Candidates are also evaluated on their broad-based business knowledge and contacts, prominence, commitment to ethical and moral values, personal and professional integrity, sound reputation in their respective fields, as well as a global business perspective and commitment to corporate citizenship. BAIN BOARD NOMINATION RIGHTS On March 30, 2021, the Company and BCPE Watson (DE) SPV, LP, a Delaware limited partnership and an affiliate of Bain Capital, LP ( BCPE ), entered into an Amended and Restated Investment Agreement (the Amended and Restated Investment Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Investment Agreement, BCPE has the right to nominate one designee to our Board for so long as BCPE continues to beneficially own shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof) that represent at least 25% of the number of shares of Common Stock issued to BCPE on March 30, 2021, and at the closing of the Company s acquisition of Coherent, Inc. on July 1, 2022, in each case on an as converted basis. BCPE s designee to our Board is Stephen Pagliuca. SIZE OF THE BOARD As provided in the Company s bylaws, the Board is to be composed of no less than five and no more than fourteen members, with the exact number determined by the Board based on its current composition and requirements. The Board currently consists of fourteen members. 24 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE The Board has the flexibility to determine whether it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to separate or combine the roles of Board Chair and CEO at any given time. In making that determination, the Board assesses whether the roles should be separated or combined based on its evaluation of the existing composition of the Board and the circumstances at the time. SEPARATION OF CHAIR AND CEO In 2024, the Board separated the positions of Chair of the Board (Chair) and CEO. The Board believes that the separation of duties strengthens our corporate governance by providing independent leadership of the Board and allowing the Chair to focus more on oversight. The Board appointed Mr. DiGirolamo, who had been serving as Lead Independent Director, as the Chair. As a result of the new Chair being independent, a separate Lead Independent Director is not necessary at this time. Mr. DiGirolamo joined our Board in 2018 and served as our Lead Independent Director from 2022 until his appointment as the Chair effective in June 2024. BOARD CHAIR RESPONSIBILITIES The responsibilities of the Board Chair include the following: presides at all meetings of the Board, including meetings of the independent Directors held in executive session; has the authority to call meetings of the independent Directors; serves as a liaison between the CEO and the independent Directors; consults with the CEO on agendas for Board meetings; and carries out other duties as requested by the NCG Committee, the independent Directors, or the Board. COMMUNICATION WITH DIRECTORS Any person wishing to communicate with the Board may send electronic communication addressed to the Board Chair, or to any member of the Board individually, to chair@coherent.com. Any communication addressed to a director that is received by the Company at this address will be delivered or forwarded to the individual director as soon as practicable, except for advertisements, solicitations or other matters unrelated to the Company. The Company will forward communications addressed to the Board Chair and to the chair of the Board committee whose function is most closely related to the subject matter of the communication. DIRECTOR MANDATORY SERVICE CONCLUSION AND SUCCESSION PLANNING The Board has instituted a policy for directors, as set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. Under this policy, a director must tender a resignation to the NCG Committee, to be effective at the end of the last regularly scheduled Board meeting prior to the director s 76th birthday. The NCG Committee considers each case and recommends to the Board the action to be taken. The Board in its discretion chooses to accept or reject the resignation. If rejected, the director s resignation will be deemed to be re-submitted to the NCG Committee annually thereafter, until such time as it is accepted by the Board. The Board undertakes a succession planning process to proactively address anticipated openings on the Board. STANDING BOARD LIMITS Board members are limited to serving on a maximum of four public company boards, including the Board. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS CHANGE IN DIRECTOR OCCUPATION Under the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, when a director s principal occupation or business association changes substantially (including retirement), the director must tender a resignation for consideration by the NCG Committee. The NCG Committee then will recommend to the Board the action to be taken with respect to the resignation. EXECUTIVE SESSIONS OF NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS Executive sessions of independent directors are held regularly, with the Board Chair presiding. DIRECTOR ATTENDANCE AT ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Directors are expected to attend the Annual Meeting, in person or remotely. All directors attended last year s Annual Meeting. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS The following corporate governance documents are available on the Company s website at www.coherent.com/company/ investor-relations/governance. Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Amended and Restated Bylaws Code of Ethical Business Conduct Corporate Governance Guidelines Conflicts of Interest Policy Committee Charters Paper copies of the documents listed above are available without charge upon request to chair@coherent.com. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are designed to assist the Board in the exercise of its duties and responsibilities to the Company. They reflect the Board s commitment to monitor the effectiveness of decision-making at the Board and management levels. This document is available on the Company s website at www.coherent.com/ company/investor-relations/governance. The Company will promptly disclose on its website any substantive amendments or waivers with respect to any provision of the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 26 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS CODE OF ETHICAL BUSINESS CONDUCT The Board has approved and adopted a Code of Ethical Business Conduct (the Code of Conduct ) applicable to everyone in the Company and its subsidiaries, including the Board. The Code of Conduct also applies to contractors, consultants, temporary workers, suppliers, and other third parties. This document is available on the Company s website at www.coherent.com/company/investor-relations/governance. The Company will promptly disclose on its website any substantive amendments or waivers with respect to any provision of the Code of Conduct. Employees are required and encouraged to report suspected violations of our Code of Conduct. Reports are forwarded for review by the Audit and Risk Committee. COMPANY POLICY PROHIBITING INSIDER TRADING AND SPECULATIVE TRADING, PLEDGING AND HEDGING We have adopted an insider trading policy and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange and governing the purchase, sale and/or, other disposition ( trading ) of our Common Stock and other securities by our directors, officers and employees and other persons who may have access to material, non-public information about the Company including, without limitation, such person s spouse and others living in that person s household. Aside from the blanket restriction on trading while in possession of material non-public information, the insider trading policy also prohibits certain designated insiders (including our directors and Section 16 officers) from trading during blackout windows and, during open trading windows, requires designated insiders to preclear their trades. The insider trading policy also prohibits employees from trading in securities of other public companies about which the employee learns material, non-public information. In addition to the above restrictions, the insider trading policy also prohibits certain designated insiders (including our directors and Section 16 officers) from (1) selling Company securities of the same class for at least six months after a purchase, or purchasing Company securities of the same class for at least six months after a sale, (2) selling Company securities short, (3) buying or selling puts, calls, or other derivatives, on the Company s securities, (4) pledging Company securities, or holding them in a margin account as collateral, and (5) hedging Company securities. The insider trading policy does not specifically define hedging transactions, but they are intended to include the purchase of financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds), or other transactions that are intended to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of Company securities held by the individual. The foregoing summaries of our insider trading policy and procedures do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of our insider trading policy, a copy of which can be found as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS The Company s policies and procedures regarding related party transactions are included in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Corporate Governance Guidelines require that all Company directors, officers and employees refrain from activities that might involve a conflict of interest. Before making an investment, accepting a position or benefit, participating in a transaction or business arrangement, or otherwise acting in a manner that creates or appears to create a conflict of interest, a full disclosure of all relevant facts and circumstances must be made, and the Audit and Risk Committee s written approval obtained. The Audit and Risk Committee reviews and approves any transaction between the Company and any related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K) and any other potential conflict of interest situations on an ongoing basis. Waivers of actual or potential conflicts of interest for any of the Company s executive officers or directors may be granted only by the Board. Only those matters that are determined by the Board not to be in conflict with the best interests of the Company may be approved. In fiscal year 2025, we did not conduct any transactions with related persons that would be considered a related party transaction under applicable SEC rules. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The Company uses a combination of cash and equity compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on the Company s Board. In setting director compensation, the Company consults with its independent compensation advisor, and considers the significant amount of time and skill required for directors to fulfill their overall responsibilities. Director compensation is only paid to non-employee directors. For purposes of this section, all references to directors means non-employee directors. The director compensation program is periodically (generally every other year) reviewed by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, with the assistance of its independent compensation advisor, to ensure that the program remains competitive. As part of this review, the types and levels of compensation offered to our directors are compared to those offered by a select group of comparable companies (the Peer Group ). The Peer Group is the same as those used for the Company s named executive officers and are listed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. The components of our director compensation program for fiscal year 2025 are disclosed below. The Board is compensated based on a role-based compensation program, not on the number of meetings attended. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee strives to set director compensation at levels that are competitive with our Peer Group. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION FOR FISCAL YEAR 2025 DIRECTOR CASH COMPENSATION Annual Retainer Compensation Item Member ($) Chair ($) 1 Full Board Membership 90,000 180,000 Audit and Risk Committee 15,000 30,000 Compensation and Human Capital Committee 10,500 21,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 10,000 20,000 1. Retainers paid to Chairs are in lieu of, and not in addition to, retainers otherwise paid to members. Employee director does not receive compensation. DIRECTOR EQUITY PROGRAM In addition to the cash compensation outlined above, directors receive annual equity awards. In setting the total dollar value of the equity awards, the Board takes into account cash compensation, limits in the Company s equity plan governing documents, recommendations of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee and its independent compensation advisor, and Peer Group practices. For fiscal year 2025, the Company determined the number of restricted stock units awarded by dividing the dollar value of the grant by the closing stock price on the grant date, subject to rounding. For fiscal year 2025, the nominal value of the annual equity award for full-year directors was $220,000. Restricted stock unit awards granted to directors generally vest in one year. They do not automatically vest upon a director s departure from the Board. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee may recommend, and the Board may in its sole judgment approve, vesting of a restricted stock unit award upon a director s departure from the Board if the departing director is found to be in good standing at the time of departure. 28 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2025 Non-Employee Director Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) 1 Option Awards ($) Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Joseph J. Corasanti 125,000 220,025 345,025 Enrico DiGirolamo 199,000 220,025 419,025 Michael L. Dreyer 115,000 220,025 335,025 Patricia Hatter 100,000 220,025 320,025 Lisa Neal-Graves 100,000 220,025 320,025 David L. Motley 105,000 220,025 325,025 Stephen Pagliuca 100,500 220,025 320,525 Elizabeth A. Patrick 100,500 220,025 320,525 Shaker Sadasivam 105,000 220,025 325,025 Stephen A. Skaggs 130,000 220,025 350,025 Michelle Sterling 111,000 220,025 331,025 Sandeep Vij 100,500 220,025 320,525 Howard H. Xia 100,500 220,025 320,525 1. Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock units issued to the non-employee directors under the Amended and Restated 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the Coherent Corp. Omnibus Incentive Plan (rounded up to the nearest whole share), computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC Topic 718 (excluding the effect of forfeitures). COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR EQUITY AWARDS OUTSTANDING The following table sets forth the aggregate number of restricted stock units, and the number of shares that underlie exercisable stock options, that were held by the individuals who served as non-employee directors as of June 30, 2025. Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Units (#) Total Option Awards Held (#) Exercisable Option Awards (#) Joseph J. Corasanti 2,831 15,532 15,532 Enrico DiGirolamo 2,831 3,911 3,911 Michael L. Dreyer 2,831 6,000 6,000 Patricia Hatter 2,831 5,812 5,812 David L. Motley 2,831 Lisa Neal-Graves 2,831 Stephen Pagliuca 2,831 Elizabeth A. Patrick 2,831 Shaker Sadasivam 2,831 Stephen A. Skaggs 3,039 Michelle Sterling 2,831 Sandeep Vij 3,039 Howard H. Xia 2,831 24,772 24,772 DIRECTOR STOCK OWNERSHIP REQUIREMENTS The Board has a stock ownership program that requires each non-employee director to own shares of Common Stock with a market value of at least five times the annual Board cash retainer (currently $450,000) no later than the fifth anniversary of the director joining the Board. In the event of non-compliance, the Board will consider measures appropriate to the circumstances. All current directors are required to be in compliance with this requirement, which became effective in July 2022, within five years of its effectiveness. Under the prior program, non-employee directors were required to own shares with a market value of at least $150,000 within three years of joining the Board. All of the non-employee directors who have been directors for at least three years are in compliance with that prior program, and the Board believes that all non-employee directors are making satisfactory progress towards compliance with the new program. 30 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT STOCK BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding the ownership by any person, including any group as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of August 31, 2025. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the shareholders named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned. Ownership information is as reported by shareholder in their respective filings with the SEC, with the percent of common stock determined as of August 31, 2025. Name and Address Number of Shares of Common Stock Percent of Common Stock 1 Bain Capital Investors, LLC 2 200 Clarendon Street Boston, MA 02116 28,111,651 17.9% BlackRock, Inc. 3 55 East 52nd Street New York, NY 10055 13,179,003 8.4% FMR LLC 4 245 Summer Street Boston, MS 02210 9,845,014 6.3% 1. There were 156,917,911 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of August 31, 2025. Percentages are rounded to the nearest tenth. 2. Based solely on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024. BCPE Watson (DE) BML, LP ( BML ) reported shared voting power over 28,111,651 shares of Common Stock and shared dispositive power over 28,111,651 shares of Common Stock. Bain Capital Investors, LLC. Bain Capital Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( BCI ), is the manager of Bain Capital Partners XII, LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company ( Partners XII ), which is the general partner of Bain Capital Fund XII, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership ( Fund XII ). Fund XII is the sole member of BCPE Watson (DE) Aggregator GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( Aggregator GP ), which is the general partner of BCPE Watson (DE) Aggregator, LP, a Delaware limited partnership ( Aggregator ). Aggregator is the sole member of each of (i) BCPE Watson (DE) BML GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( BML GP ), which is the general partner of BML, and (ii) BCPE Watson (DE) ORML GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( ORML GP ), which is the general partner of ORML. As a result, BCI may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power with respect to the securities held by BML and ORML. Voting and investment decisions with respect to securities held are made by the managing directors of BCI. 3. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on April 17, 2025, BlackRock, Inc., reported sole voting power over 12,884,938 shares of Common Stock and sole dispositive power over 13,179,003 shares of Common Stock. As reported in the Schedule 13G/A, certain shares reported by BlackRock, Inc., are owned by various subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. 4. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 11, 2025. FMR LLC reported sole voting power over 9,793,591.97 shares of Common Stock and sole dispositive power over 9,845,014 shares of Common Stock. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS STOCK BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS The following table shows the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by all directors, our named executive officers, and all of our directors and executive officers as a group, as of August 31, 2025. The beneficial ownership reflected in this table includes shares that could have been acquired within 60 days of that date through the exercise of stock options or vesting of restricted stock units. The number of shares beneficially owned is defined by Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Unless otherwise indicated, each individual and member of the group has sole voting power and sole investment power with respect to shares owned. None of the shares reflected in the table below have been pledged as security. Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 1 Shares Percent James R. Anderson 2 25,998 * Joseph J. Corasanti 2,3 108,174 * Enrico DiGirolamo 2,3 25,548 * Michael L. Dreyer 2,3 27,383 * Patricia Hatter 2,3 27,120 * David L. Motley 2 23,646 * Lisa Neal-Graves 2 12,682 * Steven Pagliuca 2,4 16,196 * Elizabeth A. Patrick 2 2,831 * Shaker Sadasivam 2 38,622 * Stephen A. Skaggs 2 23,836 * Michelle Sterling 2 8,373 * Sandeep Vij 2,5 22,195 * Howard H. Xia 2,3 72,519 * Sherri Luther 2 285 * Rob Beard 2 285 * Julie Eng 2 12,479 * Giovanni Barbarossa 2,3 252,140 * All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (19 persons) 2,3,4,5 706,906 * * Less than 1% 1. There were 156,917,911 shares of our common stock outstanding as of August 31, 2025. In accordance with SEC rules and regulations, in computing the percentage ownership for each individual, any shares which that individual had the right to acquire within 60 days and shares underlying restricted stock units that would vest within 60 days of August 31, 2025 are deemed to be outstanding. However, shares which any other person had the right to acquire within 60 days and restricted stock units held by other persons are disregarded in the calculation. Therefore, the denominator used in calculating beneficial ownership may differ for each individual. 2. This figure does not include the following amounts of shares issuable in connection with restricted stock units that will not vest within 60 days of August 31, 2025: 166,276 for Mr. Anderson; 2,272 for each of Mr. Corasanti, Mr. Digirolamo, Mr. Dreyer, Ms. Hatter, Mr. Motley, Ms. Neal-Graves, Mr. Pagliuca, Ms. Patrick, Dr. Sadasivam, Mr. Skaggs, Ms. Sterling, Mr. Vij and Dr. Xia; 94,748 for Ms. Luther, 53,541 for Mr. Beard, 41,203 for Dr. Eng, and 31,204 for Dr. Barbarossa; and 435,324 for all executive officers and directors as a group. 3. Includes the following amounts of shares underlying stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of August 31, 2025: 15,532 for Mr. Corasanti; 3,911 for Mr. Digirolamo; 6,000 for Mr. Dreyer; 5,812 for Ms. Hatter; 24,772 for Dr. Xia; 59,480 for Dr. Barbarossa; and 115,507 for all executive officers and directors as a group. 32 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS 4. Excludes any shares issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock held by affiliates of Bain Capital, LP, of which Mr. Pagliuca is a Senior Advisor. 5. Includes 8,792 shares held by the Vij Family 2001 Trust. DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a class of the Company s registered equity securities to file with the SEC and deliver to the Company initial reports of ownership, and reports of changes in ownership, of such securities. Based solely on our review of Section 16(a) reports, and written representations that our directors and executive officers have furnished to us, we believe that all reporting persons complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements during our fiscal year 2025. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Set forth below is information concerning our executive officers as of October 2, 2025. Name Age Position James R. Anderson 53 Chief Executive Officer and President Sherri Luther 60 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Rob Beard 47 Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer and Secretary Julie S. Eng 58 Chief Technology Officer Giovanni Barbarossa 63 Chief Strategy Officer Ilaria Mocciaro 54 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller Biographical information for JAMES R. ANDERSON may be found in the DIRECTORS section of this proxy statement. SHERRI LUTHER was named Chief Financial Officer of Coherent Corp. in October 2024. Ms. Luther joined Coherent from Lattice Semiconductor, where she had been CFO since 2019. Prior to Lattice, Ms. Luther worked at Coherent, Inc., for 16 years, including as Corporate Vice President of Finance. Ms. Luther has more than 30 years of strategic and financial operations experience, with expertise in financial reporting, forecasting, internal audit, M A, treasury, investor relations, operations, and global supply chain management. Previously, Ms. Luther held senior finance and accounting roles at companies including Quantum, Ultra Network Technologies, and Arthur Andersen. Ms. Luther is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and graduated from the Executive MBA Program at Stanford University Graduate School of Business. She holds a bachelor s degree in Business Administration, with a dual major in Accounting and Finance, from Wright State University. She serves on the Board of Directors of Silicon Labs and is also NACD (National Association of Corporate Directors) Directorship Certified. ROB BEARD brings more than 20 years of senior international experience across the business, policy, and legal worlds to his role as Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer for Coherent Corp. Mr. Beard joined Coherent in 2024 from Mastercard, where he was Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer. While at Mastercard, he led the company s global legal, government affairs, and policy teams, and served on Mastercard s Management Committee. Mr. Beard joined Mastercard after a nearly decade-long tenure at Micron Technology, during which time he held various roles on the legal team and ultimately served as general counsel and corporate secretary. While at Micron, he played a key role in promoting the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act and in negotiating an incentive package from the state of New York for Micron s announced $100 billion semiconductor manufacturing facility to be built in the Syracuse area. After clerking on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, Mr. Beard began his corporate legal career as an associate in Shearman Sterling s London office, before moving to Weil, Gotshal Manges. He graduated from the University of Utah and received his Juris Doctor from the University of Illinois College of Law, summa cum laude . Mr. Beard has also taught in the University of Illinois Communications Department, at the University of Illinois College of Law, and at the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah. 34 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS JULIE S. ENG was appointed Chief Technology Officer of the Company in October 2022. Prior to becoming CTO, Dr. Eng served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Company s Optoelectronic Devices and Modules Business Unit. Dr. Eng joined the Company in 2019 with the acquisition of Finisar, where she held various senior management positions, including Executive Vice President and General Manager of 3D Sensing, and Executive Vice President of Datacom Engineering. Dr. Eng spent over 25 years in the optoelectronics and optical communications industries, including roles at AT T, Lucent, and Agere. Dr. Eng received her PhD and M.S. in electrical Engineering from Stanford, and an M.S. and B.A. from Bryn Mawr College (summa cum laude) and a B.S., with honors from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). In 2025 Dr. Eng was appointed to the National Academy of Engineering and was also awarded the Dr. Lisa Su Woman of Innovation Award from the Global Semiconductor Alliance. GIOVANNI BARBAROSSA joined the Company in 2012 and has been the Chief Strategy Officer of the company and the President of the Materials Segment since 2019. Previously, he was the Chief Technology Officer of the company and the President of the Laser Solutions Segment. Dr. Barbarossa was employed at Avanex Corporation from 2000 through 2009, serving in various executive positions in product development and general management, ultimately serving as the President and Chief Executive Officer. When Avanex merged with Bookham Technology, forming Oclaro, Dr. Barbarossa became a member of the Board of Directors of Oclaro and served as such from 2009 to 2012. Previously, he had management responsibilities at British Telecom, AT T Bell Labs, Lucent Technologies, and Hewlett-Packard. Dr. Barbarossa graduated from the University of Bari, Italy, with a B.S. in Electrical Engineering, and has a Ph.D. in Photonics from the University of Glasgow, U.K. ILARIA MOCCIARO joined the Company in February 2023 as the Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller and became the principal accounting officer on August 31, 2023. She joined the Company from CDW, where she was the Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller from 2020 to 2022. From 2016 to 2020, she was the Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Global Controller at Anixter International Inc., where she helped close the sale of Anixter to Wesco. From 2011 to 2016, Ms. Mocciaro was the Chief Accounting Officer of the agricultural and construction equipment segments at CNH Industrial NV., after serving as Director of Accounting and Reporting. She led internal Audit at McMaster-Carr Supply Company from 2010 to 2011 and previously held several management positions at Ernst Young LLP in Chicago and Milan, Italy, from 1997 to 2010. Ms. Mocciaro holds a B.A. degree in Accounting and Business Administration from the Catholic University of the Sacred Heart ( Universita Cattolica del Sacro Coure ) in Milan. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS In accordance with the requirements of Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we are asking our shareholders to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of our NEOs for fiscal year 2025, as disclosed in this proxy statement. This Say on Pay vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation paid to our NEOs in fiscal year 2025, as disclosed in this proxy statement. As described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement, we believe that we have created a pay-for-performance executive compensation program that is linked to our strategy and the drivers of long-term shareholder value, helps us attract and retain executive talent, and aligns the long-term interests of our executives and shareholders. We urge shareholders to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, as well as the Summary Compensation Table, and the related compensation tables and narratives of this proxy statement. This information provides detailed information regarding our executive compensation philosophy, program, policies, and processes, as well as the compensation paid to our NEOs. As has been our practice, the Company will continue to respond to investor questions during meetings occurring throughout the year. The Board requests shareholders to vote to approve the following advisory resolution at the Annual Meeting: RESOLVED , that the shareholders of Coherent Corp. (the Company ) approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers as described and disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables, and any related material contained in the proxy statement for the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Because this vote is advisory, it will not be binding upon the Board or the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. However, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee will take the outcome of the vote into account when considering future executive compensation arrangements. The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes that all shareholders present at the Annual Meeting, in person or by proxy, are entitled to cast is required to approve on a non-binding advisory basis the compensation of our named executive officers for fiscal year 2025, as disclosed in this proxy statement. Abstentions have the effect of an AGAINST vote, and broker non-votes have no effect. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION APPROVING, ON A NON-BINDING ADVISORY BASIS, THE COMPANY S 2025 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS October 2, 2025 Dear Fellow Coherent Shareholders Fiscal 2025 was a year of exceptional strategic transformation for Coherent. Following Jim Anderson s appointment as our Chief Executive Officer in June 2024, Coherent has been on a journey to refocus our strategic priorities on growth opportunities within two rapidly expanding markets: Datacenters and Communications, and Industrial Lasers and Materials. With a streamlined portfolio focused on these two core areas, we aim to drive technological innovation, lead the industry, deliver to our customers, and seize opportunities in the fast-growing field of photonics. The full Coherent team is energized by what we have achieved over the last year, as seen in our strong fiscal 2025 financial performance results, which included record revenue, significant gross margin improvement, and further paydown of our debt. Over the last year, the Committee oversaw a significant effort to strengthen the executive leadership team in alignment with our next stage of growth, bringing in complementary experiences and fresh perspectives. In October 2024, we welcomed both Sherri Luther as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and Rob Beard as Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer, and Secretary, followed by the appointment of Grace Lee as Chief People Officer in November 2024. Their combined leadership and track record of success executing transformative growth strategies immediately accelerated our momentum. I am honored to serve as Chair of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee during this pivotal period and look forward to engaging with the management team to ensure Coherent s talent strategy effectively incentivizes long-term value creation, supports our new growth strategy, and fosters robust pay and performance alignment, consistent with our shareholder priorities. As your Compensation and Human Capital Committee, we endeavor to understand your views and expectations related to executive compensation, and took seriously last year s advisory say-on-pay vote outcome. Following the vote, we conducted a comprehensive review of our compensation program, supported by a new independent compensation consultant, and expanded our shareholder engagement effort to understand the key drivers behind the vote results. We appreciated the opportunity to meet with all shareholders who accepted our invitation to engage. After carefully considering the key themes of feedback conveyed to us during these meetings, the Committee approved several responsive actions: Made a commitment to limit future cash severance payments to executives to not exceed 3x base salary plus target bonus; Expanded disclosure related to the achieved total shareholder return performance results associated with the 2023 PSUs that vested at the end of fiscal year 2025; and Enhanced executive succession planning disclosure, which can be found on page 23 of this proxy statement. We believe these actions address shareholder concerns and enhance our executive compensation program alignment with leading market practices. You can find additional details related to our shareholder engagement outreach effort and responsiveness actions on page 44. On behalf of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, we are grateful for the opportunity to receive feedback on Coherent s compensation program directly from our shareholders and look forward to continuing our practice of transparent and open dialogue. Thank you for your continued investment in and support of Coherent. Sincerely, Michelle Sterling (Chair), on behalf of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee Steve Pagliuca Elizabeth A. Patrick Sandeep Vij Howard H. Xia 38 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS FISCAL YEAR 2025 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) discusses the philosophy, objectives, process, components, and additional aspects of our fiscal year 2025 executive compensation program. This CD A is intended to be read in conjunction with the tables that immediately follow this section, which provide further compensation information for our named executive officers ( NEOs ) for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 ( fiscal year 2025 or fiscal 2025 ) who were the following: Named Executive Officer ( NEO ) Position James R. Anderson Chief Executive Officer Sherri Luther 1 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Rob Beard 2 Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer and Secretary Julie Eng Chief Technology Officer Giovanni Barbarossa Chief Strategy Officer Richard J. Martucci 3 Former Interim Chief Financial Officer 1. Ms. Luther was appointed Chief Financial Officer, effective October 11, 2024. 2. Mr. Beard was appointed Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer, effective October 21, 2024. 3. Mr. Martucci s served as Interim Chief Financial Officer from September 30, 2023 through October 11, 2024, when he transitioned to a non-executive officer role. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS I. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY COMPANY OVERVIEW In fiscal 2025, Coherent launched a refocused growth strategy to solidify our leadership in designing, developing and delivering critical lasers, electronic materials, and components for our customers. Under our refreshed leadership team, we delivered record top-line growth, a twenty-three percent (23%) year-over-year improvement. Coherent s photonic capabilities are rapidly becoming more integral to people s lives and the applications we use every day. With the broadest and deepest portfolio of photonic technologies required for high-speed optical data transmission, we are energized by the opportunity we see in our technology portfolio and innovation capabilities, which enable us to provide for customers throughout the technology stack, from the device level down to the material science. We are focused on two key markets we see as having the greatest potential for long-term profitable growth: Datacenter and Communications, and Industrial Lasers and Materials. We continue to invest in technologies across the photonics spectrum especially at the foundational, physical science level where we can leverage and share innovation across both markets. This widespread innovation overlap, coupled with our supply chain flexibility and resiliency, uniquely positions Coherent for continued success while leveraging our leading innovation to deliver for customers. Additionally, following the completion of our initial portfolio assessment in fiscal 2024, we spent fiscal 2025 executing our portfolio optimization plan under the leadership of our new CEO Jim Anderson. We divested non-core or unprofitable product lines, such as the sale of our fabrication facility in Newton Aycliffe, U.K. and more recently the sale of our aerospace and defense business, in both cases using the proceeds to reduce our debt. At the same time, we added several new optical networking products and technologies during fiscal 2025, enhancing our industry leadership. At Coherent, we never shy away from bold change and see continuous growth through innovation as our foundation, which has always been at the core of Coherent s legacy businesses. Thanks to the Coherent team s hard work and continued focus on acceleration, we are excited to continue leading the photonics industry in innovation, while creating sustained value for our shareholders. FISCAL YEAR 2025 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS (*) (**) Based on earnings reported on August 13, 2025. Refer to reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP measures in the Appendix. Fiscal 2025 was a year of tremendous growth for Coherent as we advanced our strategic priorities to align with the rapidly evolving photonic opportunity ahead of us. The success of our refreshed leadership and talented team members was best exemplified by our standout financial performance, including record revenue levels. We are proud to also have delivered strong gross margin and significantly improved EPS for our shareholders. 40 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS Product Highlights As Coherent s capabilities and offerings have become increasingly critical to our broad and global range of clients, we continue to make a number of strategic decisions to best position our portfolio for long-term, sustainable growth and ensure we are investing in the areas of greatest shareholder value creation. In the past year, we announced the sale of our aerospace defense business support our portfolio optimization strategy and strengthen our ability to achieve long-term financial goals. Demonstrating our disciplined capital allocation, we used proceeds from the sale to reduce debt, successfully paying down $437 million in fiscal 2025. Looking ahead, we are focused on driving strong revenue and profit through our key growth drivers, such as AI and datacenters. As we continue to streamline our portfolio for maximized efficiency, we remain confident in Coherent s leadership and ability to seize the significant photonic growth opportunities ahead. FISCAL YEAR 2025 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM HIGHLIGHTS We engaged with shareholders and responded to their feedback. The independent members of the Board conducted an expanded shareholder engagement effort prior to and following the 2024 Annual Meeting to better understand shareholder perspectives, particularly in response to the Company s executive compensation proposal. In response to feedback shared by our shareholders, including those who voted against the 2024 executive compensation proposal, the Committee: - Made a commitment to limit any future cash severance benefits to not exceed 3x base salary and target bonus; - Provided full detail around achieved performance results under the 2023 PSUs program; and - Enhanced disclosure related to the Board s oversight of the executive succession planning process. Fiscal Year 2025 CEO compensation was limited to base salary and annual cash incentive. Consistent with the terms of Mr. Anderson s sign-on agreement, he did not receive any equity incentives in fiscal year 2025. His sign-on compensation package, which included equity incentives granted in June 2024, covered his annual equity awards for fiscal 2025 to create an immediate alignment with shareholder interests. Sign-on compensation packages for the new NEOs primarily consist of make-whole payments. In order to incentivize both Ms. Luther and Mr. Beard to join Coherent, the Committee, in consultation with its independent compensation consultant, approved sign-on packages that were largely comprised of awards designed to primarily reflect the values, types of awards and vesting schedules of the incentives these executives had to forfeit in order to accept their job offers with Coherent. The make-whole portion of the sign-on equity awards for Ms. Luther and Mr. Beard accounted for $13.9 million and $6.0 million respectively, with values attributed to the annual equity incentive opportunities limited to $3.5 million and $3.25 million respectively, consistent with market and industry benchmarks for sign-on compensation. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS We transitioned to a full one-year performance period under the annual incentive plan and rebalanced RSUs weighting for fiscal 2025 program to align with market benchmarks. Due to the integration of II-VI and Coherent, we were unable to forecast full-year performance goals for fiscal 2024 and instead implemented two separate six-month performance periods. In fiscal 2025 we reestablished a 12-month performance period for our annual incentive plan. Consistent with the peer group benchmarks, the Committee also increased weighting of PSUs to 60%. Annual and long-term incentive plan payouts aligned with performance: - Coherent s outperformance for fiscal 2025 was demonstrated through key growth drivers of our business, including record revenue of $5,810 million, a 23% increase year-over-year and Adjusted EBITDA of $1,350 million, a 35% increase year-over-year. This strong financial performance resulted in an annual GRIP cash incentive bonus being paid out at 170% of target. - 2023 PSUs associated with a three-year 2023-2025 performance period completed at the end of fiscal 2025 paid out at 108% of target, reflecting strong TSR performance relative to the S P Composite 1500 Electronics, Instruments and Components. FISCAL 2025 LEADERSHIP TRANSITIONS Upon joining the company in June 2024, Mr. Anderson led a significant executive leadership team refreshment to ensure we attract and retain the best industry talent to shape and execute our strategy. In October 2024, we appointed two new named executive officers, Sherri Luther, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and Rob Beard, Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer and Secretary, among other appointments of key executive leaders. All of our new leaders have driven the rapid advancement of Coherent s ambitious goals to maximize our positioning in the photonic technology market through strengthened operations and financial performance. Ms. Luther, and Mr. Beard each joined Coherent from highly respected public semiconductor and technology companies and their leadership and track record of success in guiding transformative growth strategies was immediately additive to the Coherent team. The Committee, in consultation with its independent compensation consultant, designed sign-on compensation packages for Ms. Luther and Mr. Beard that reflected our pay-for-performance philosophy while providing appropriate, market-informed annual pay opportunities. The sign-on compensation packages included necessary incentive components to encourage both executives to join Coherent, reflecting the economic value and structure of incentives they had to forfeit at their previous employers. The table below outlines the annual target compensation opportunities the Committee approved for Ms. Luther and Mr. Beard for fiscal 2025, which they can earn if performance and service conditions of the awards are met. NEOs Hired in Fiscal Year 2025 Base Salary ($) Target Annual Incentive % Target Total Cash ($) Target PSUs ($) Annual RSUs ($) Total Target Annual Compensation ($) Sherri Luther Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 625,000 85% 1,156,250 2,100,000 1,400,000 4,656,250 Rob Beard Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer, and Secretary 660,000 85% 1,221,000 1,950,000 1,300,000 4,471,000 Upon accepting job offers with Coherent, Ms. Luther and Mr. Beard forfeited significant compensation opportunities from their prior employers, including unvested equity awards and annual cash incentive opportunities for 2024. In collaboration with its independent compensation consultant, the Committee assessed the value of these forfeited incentives and designed sign-on awards that reflected the forfeited value, structure and vesting schedule of those awards to induce both executives to accept Coherent s job offers. The performance goals with respect to Ms. Luther s and Mr. Beard s inducement PSUs were aligned with the fiscal year 2025 PSUs granted to other executive officers in 2024. 42 | COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS The amounts reflected in the tables below represent the amounts approved and intended by the Committee, which differ from the grant date fair value reflected in the summary compensation table. The grant date fair value reflected in the summary compensation table is based on the thirty-day trailing average closing price for the RSUs and a Monte Carlo simulation calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 for PSUs. The actual value received by Ms. Luther and Mr. Beard will be determined at the end of the vesting and performance periods. NEO Hired in Fiscal 2025 Inducement Award Total Target Value Inducement Award Structure Sherri Luther Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer $17,400,000 $3,500,000 representing the value of Fiscal Year 2025 annual equity incentives $13,900,000, largely equivalent to incentives forfeited at Ms. Luther s prior employer Ms. Luther s inducement award is structured as follows: PSUs (60% of total award value): - valued at $10.44M, 3-year cliff vesting is tied to relative TSR performance RSUs (40% of award value): - $1.40M, 3-year ratable vest term; and - $5.56M, 2-year annual ratable vest term Ms. Luther s inducement award vesting periods are designed to approximate the time periods over which she would have earned or vested awards she forfeited when resigning from her former employer, with a greater emphasis on performance-based and long-term vesting requirements to foster a greater alignment with shareholder interests. Ms. Luther also received a cash sign-on bonus in the amount of $500,000, which is subject to repayment if Ms. Luther s employment with the Company terminates before the second anniversary of the start date either by her voluntary resignation other than for good reason or by the Company for cause. Rob Beard Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer, and Secretary $9,250,000 $3,250,000 representing the value of Fiscal Year 2025 annual equity incentives; and $6,000,000 largely equivalent to incentives forfeited at the prior employer. Mr. Beard s inducement award is structured as follows: PSUs (60% of total award value): - valued at $5.5M, 3-year cliff vesting is tied to relative TSR performance RSUs (40% of total award value): - $3.7M, 3-year annual ratable vest term Mr. Beard s inducement award vesting periods are designed to approximate the time periods over which he would have earned or vested awards he forfeited when resigning from his former employer, with a greater emphasis on performance-based and long-term vesting requirements to foster a greater alignment with shareholder interests. COHERENT PROXY STATEMENT 2025 | 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS FISCAL YEAR 2025 SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT The Coherent Board values transparent and ongoing engagement with our shareholders and has maintained a long-standing practice of robust shareholder engagement to ensure investor priorities and perspectives are directly communicated to the Board. Throughout the course of the year, we stay connected with shareholders through discussions on a wide variety of business topics, including strategy, executive compensation, board composition, leadership development, succession planning and sustainability. Leading up to and following the 2024 Annual Meeting, the Committee led a shareholder engagement effort to understand shareholder perspectives related to the advisory vote on our executive compensation proposal and develop appropriate responsiveness actions. SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT OVERVIEW FALL 2024: SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT PRIOR TO THE 2024 ANNUAL MEETING In the weeks leading up to the 2024 Annual Meeting, our engagement team, led by our Independent Board Chair, with participation from other independent members of our Compensation and Human Capital Committee, conducted an expanded shareholder outreach effort. ENGAGEMENT SCOPE Contacted 7 investors representing 45% of shares outstanding Met with 4 investors representing 40% of shares outstanding Independent directors participated in 85% of the meetings SHAREHOLDER FEEDBACK During these initial discussions, shareholders expressed appreciation for the seamless CEO transition, which resulted in the appointment of a CEO of Mr. Anderson s caliber and immediate acceleration of value creation. However, many shareholders cited the value of the cash severance provided to our former CEO upon the transition, which exceeded three times base salary and bonus, as the key reason why they were voting against our 2024 executive compensation proposal. Based on this initial feedback and its effort to develop responsiveness actions that directly address shareholder concerns, the Committee approved a commitment to cap any future cash severance to our executives at no greater than 3x base salary and target cash bonus, which is consistent with our shareholders expectations and leading governance practices. SUMMER 2025: OFF-SEASON SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Over the summer of 2025 the Committee retained Compensia as its new independent compensation consultant to help develop responsiveness actions and conduct a fresh review of our compensation program. Following the Fall 2024 round of shareholder engagement, the