=== COHR_2025-08-15.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and summarized below under Risk Factor Summary, among others, in some cases have affected and in the future could affect our financial performance and actual results, and could cause actual results for fiscal 2026 and beyond to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or otherwise made by our management. All such factors, as well as factors described or referred to in other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) from time to time, should be considered in evaluating our business and prospects. Many of these factors are beyond our reasonable control. In addition, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment, and, therefore, new risk factors can arise and be present without market participants like us knowing until a substantial amount of time has passed. It is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or estimate the extent to which any individual risk factor, or combination of risk factors, may impact our business. It is also not possible for management to mitigate all such risks, and therefore any such risk factor may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or developments, or otherwise, except as may be required by the securities laws. We caution you not to rely on them unduly. Coherent Corp. does communicate with securities analysts from time to time and those communications are conducted in accordance with applicable securities laws. Investors should not assume that Coherent Corp. agrees with any statement or report issued by any analyst, irrespective of the content of the statement or report. Risk Factor Summary The following is a summary of the material risks and uncertainties that could cause our business, financial condition or operating results to be adversely impacted. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors contained in Item 1A. Risk Factors herein in their entirety for additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties. Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry Our competitive position depends on our ability to develop new products and processes and may require significant investment. A significant portion of our business is subject to cyclical market factors and we may fail to accurately estimate the size and growth rate of our markets and our customers demands. We contract with a number of large end-user service providers and product companies that have considerable bargaining power, which may require us to agree to terms and conditions that could have an adverse effect on our 3 business or ability to recognize revenues. Any loss, cancellation, reduction, or delay in purchases by these large customers could harm the longevity of our business. Products that fail to meet specifications, are defective, or are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us. We may encounter increased competition, and we may fail to accurately estimate our competitors or our customers willingness and capability to backward integrate into our competencies and thereby displace us. Global economic downturns may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We depend on highly complex manufacturing processes that require strategic materials, components, and products from limited sources of supply. Significant political, trade, regulatory developments, and other circumstances beyond our control, including as a result of recently announced tariffs, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations. Compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense and failure to maintain compliance with applicable regulations could adversely affect our business. Increases in commodity prices and diminished availability of rare earth minerals and noble gases may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Cybersecurity attacks and incidents and other vulnerabilities could subject us to costly damages, claims and expenses, harm to our reputation or competitive position, or disrupt our operations and business. We may be adversely impacted by any of the multiple uncertainties and outcomes associated with the use and evolution of Artificial Intelligence ( AI ). Natural disasters or other global or regional catastrophic events could disrupt our operations, give rise to substantial environmental hazards, and adversely affect our results. We may be unable to successfully implement our acquisitions strategy, integrate acquired companies and personnel with existing operations, or capitalize on any decision to strategically divest one or more current businesses. Our success requires us to attract, retain, and develop key personnel and maintain good relations with our employees. Actions that we are taking to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Litigation There are limitations on the protection of our intellectual property, and we may from time to time be involved in costly intellectual property litigation or indemnification. Legal, regulatory and administrative investigations, inquiries, proceedings, and claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations Government actions and regulations, such as export restrictions, tariffs, and trade protection measures, may limit our ability to sell our products to certain customers or markets, or could otherwise restrict our ability to conduct operations. We are subject to complex and rapidly changing import and export regulations of the countries in which we operate and/or sell which could limit our sales and decrease our profitability, and we may be subject to legal and regulatory consequences if we do not comply with applicable export control laws and regulations. We are subject to a variety of complex and evolving laws, regulations, or industry standards, including with respect to environmental, health, safety, and product considerations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety risks and requirements which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation. Tax-related matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Risks Related to Capitalization and Financial Markets Foreign currency risk may negatively affect our revenues, cost of sales, and operating margins, and could result in foreign exchange losses. We have a substantial amount of debt, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations and prevent us from fulfilling our debt-related obligations. The agreements that govern our senior credit facilities and our 5.000% senior notes due 2029 contain various covenants that impose restrictions on our business, which may affect our ability to operate our businesses. Any inability to access financial markets from time to time to raise required capital, finance our working capital requirements or our acquisition strategies, or otherwise support our liquidity needs could negatively impact our ability to finance our operations, meet certain obligations, or implement our growth strategy. The trading price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile. 4 Provisions in our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and the Pennsylvania Associations Code (the Code ) may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third party, which could also reduce the market price of our capital stock. Our ability to declare and pay dividends on our capital stock may be limited, including by the terms of our existing Credit Agreement. Our common stock is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness, the Series B Preferred Stock, and any other preferred stock we may issue in the future. Our Series B Preferred Stock ranks junior to all of our and our subsidiaries consolidated liabilities. Our Board of Directors can issue, without approval of the holders of our common stock, preferred stock with voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock, the rights of holders of shares of our capital stock, or the market price of our capital stock. The redemption rights of the holders of Series B Preferred Stock may result in the use of our cash in such a way that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Holders of our Series B Preferred Stock can exercise significant control over us, which could limit the ability of holders of our other capital stock to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. 5 PART I Item 1. BUSINESS Definitions Coherent Corp. ( Coherent, the Company, we, us, or our ), is a vertically integrated manufacturing company that develops, manufactures, and markets lasers, transceivers, and other optical and optoelectronic devices, modules, and systems, as well as engineered materials, for use in the communications, industrial, instrumentation and electronics markets. Our headquarters are located at 375 Saxonburg Boulevard, Saxonburg, Pennsylvania 16056, USA. Our telephone number is +1-724-352-4455. Reference to Coherent, the Company, we, us, or our in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context requires otherwise, refers to Coherent Corp. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The following defined terms are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: artificial intelligence (AI); artificial reality (AR); bismuth telluride (Bi 2 Te 3 ); carbon dioxide (CO 2 ); chemical vapor deposition (CVD); continuous wave (CW); co-packaged optics (CPO); datacenter interconnect (DCI); directly modulated laser (DML); deep ultraviolet (DUV); digital signal processor (DSP); edge-emitting laser (EEL); electron-absorption modulated laser (EML); environmental, social, and governance (ESG); extreme-ultraviolet (EUV) lithography; fifth-generation (5G) wireless; fourth-generation (4G) wireless; gallium arsenide (GaAs); gallium antimonide (GaSb), gallium nitride (GaN); gigabit per second (G); high-definition multimedia interface (HDMI); high-electron-mobility transistor (HEMT); indium phosphide (InP); infrared (IR); integrated circuit (IC); intellectual property (IP); kilowatt (kW); light detection and ranging (LiDAR); light-emitting diode (LED); liquid crystal (LC); liquid crystal on silicon (LCoS); machine learning (ML); metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor (MOSFET); millimeter (mm); nanometer (nm); near-infrared (NIR); optically pumped semiconductor laser (OPSL); organic light-emitting diode (OLED); original equipment manufacturer (OEM); polymerase chain reaction (PCR); printed circuit board (PCB); radio frequency (RF); reconfigurable optical add/drop multiplexer (ROADM); research and development (R D); silicon carbide (SiC); terabit per second (T); three-dimensional (3D); two-dimensional (2D); transimpedance amplifier (TIA); ultraviolet (UV); vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser (VCSEL); virtual reality (VR); watt (W); wavelength selective switching (WSS); zinc selenide (ZnSe); and zinc sulfide (ZnS). General Description of Business Coherent develops, manufactures, and markets lasers, transceivers, and other optical and optoelectronic devices, modules, and systems, as well as engineered materials, for use in communications, industrial, instrumentation and electronics applications. We generate nearly all of our revenues, earnings, and cash flows from developing, manufacturing, and marketing a wide range of products and services for our end markets. Coherent has broad technical expertise and a deep technology stack in areas of importance to our products, including materials growth and fabrication of specialty materials, semiconductor lasers, passive optics including isolators, transceivers, transport equipment, high power lasers for semiconductor capital equipment, display manufacturing, precision manufacturing, and scientific research. Many of our products include custom integrated software that we develop internally, leveraging our deep domain expertise. Information Regarding Reporting Segments and Foreign Operations For fiscal year 2025, the Company s organizational structure was aligned into three reporting segments for the purpose of making operational decisions and assessing financial performance: (i) Networking, (ii) Materials, and (iii) Lasers. See below for a more detailed description of each of these segments. Effective July 1, 2025 for our fiscal year 2026, the Company realigned its organizational structure into two reporting segments: (i) Datacenter and Communications, and (ii) Industrial. The Company will report financial information for these new reporting segments in fiscal 2026 for periods commencing on July 1, 2025. Financial data regarding our revenues, results of operations, reporting segments, and international sales for the three years ended June 30, 2025, are set forth in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) and in Note 14. Segment and Geographic Reporting to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and are incorporated herein by reference. We also discuss certain Risk Factors set forth in Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K related to our foreign operations, which are incorporated herein by reference. 6 Global Operations Coherent is headquartered in Saxonburg, Pennsylvania, USA, with R D, manufacturing, and sales facilities worldwide. Our principal U.S. production and R D operations, in alphabetical order, are located in California, Connecticut, Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Texas. Our principal non-U.S. production and R D operations, in alphabetical order, are based in China, Finland, Germany, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and Vietnam. We also utilize contract manufacturers and strategic suppliers. In addition to sales offices co-located at many of our manufacturing sites, we have sales and marketing subsidiaries, in alphabetical order, in Belgium, Canada, France, Israel, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, and Taiwan. We believe our diverse manufacturing base sets us apart, especially at a time when supply chain resiliency is strongly valued by our customers. Human Capital Our core values are Integrity, Collaboration, Accountability, Respect, and Enthusiasm, which we refer to by the acronym I CARE. These values define who we are and serve as a guide in how we engage with each other, our customers, our suppliers, our investors, and our environment. They serve as a model for how we grow the Company in an ethical, scalable, and sustainable manner. Our People . We support an inclusive environment in which every individual is considered a valuable member of the team. We listen to the voice of the employee and foster open communication through an open-door policy and engagement surveys, among other methods. This rich feedback allows us to reflect and adjust our internal initiatives across the globe to create a culture that recognizes employees contributions and values their opinions. As of June 30, 2025, the Company employed approximately 30,000 employees worldwide. Number of employees Percent of total Manufacturing 25,210 83% Research and development 2,660 9% Sales, general and administrative 2,346 8% Total: 30,216 100% Globally, as of June 30, 2025, approximately 45% of the workforce are women. Our global footprint is diverse, with approximately 22,340 employees in the Asia-Pacific region, 3,640 in Europe, and 4,236 in the Americas. Occupational Health and Safety . It is our highest priority to keep our employees, customers, and suppliers safe, as the health and safety of our workforce is paramount to the success of our business. We provide our employees upfront and ongoing training to ensure that safety policies and procedures are effectively communicated and implemented. We have experienced employees on-site at each of our manufacturing locations who are tasked with environmental, health, and safety education and compliance. We customize our policies to the local requirements and circumstances of each plant. Talent Acquisition, Employee Development, and Learning . Hiring talented individuals and continuing to develop our employees are critical to our operations. Our Talent Acquisition teams continue their outreach efforts to engage and attract diverse, high-quality talent to our organization. In connection with universities, we are focused on an internship and apprentice program that builds our early career hire talent pool. We have a robust succession-planning process that identifies internal candidates for development to build a talent funnel for our leadership pipelines. We provide all employees the chance to learn and develop critical skills, and we strive to attract, motivate, and retain our talent. Total Rewards. Our Total Rewards offerings are designed to: Provide a market-competitive total rewards package that attracts, motivates, rewards, and retains top talent Balance fixed costs (benefits and base pay) and variable costs (bonus and equity) Provide pay for performance, linked to company and individual performance Ensure strong governance practices, and Align with the interests of our shareholders Eligible employees may participate in the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, allowing them to purchase company shares at a discount. Select employees are eligible to receive equity-based awards, to align employee and shareholder interests. We also offer a compelling suite of benefits, including comprehensive health benefits, competitive time-off programs, and employee assistance programs. 7 Inclusion and Belonging . Coherent respects and upholds the universal values of human rights, which are fundamental to every individual. We hold an expectation for all leaders and employees to engage with one another in a manner that is dignified, fair, and respectful, and we continue to identify ways to highlight different perspectives. Manufacturing Processes Our success in developing and manufacturing many of our products depends on our ability to tailor the optical and physical properties of technically challenging materials, components, and photonics-based solutions across our target markets. The ability to produce these complex materials, and to control their quality and in-process yields, is an expertise of the Company that is critical to our customers. In the markets we serve, there is a limited number of high-quality suppliers of many of the components we manufacture. Aside from datacenter transceivers, there are very few industry-standard products. Our lasers are displacing conventional technologies because they can do the job faster, yield higher quality, provide overall economic benefits, and enable next-generation applications. Overall, our key differentiators are our deep technology expertise combined with our ability to deliver volume solutions at scale. We continue to increase our use of renewable energy to power our operations and lower our greenhouse gas footprint. We have on-site solar systems at several facilities that further contribute to our renewable energy efforts. Our team also works to minimize energy usage, water usage, other raw materials usage, and waste generation. Coherent has set as a top priority to reduce its carbon footprint across its global operations. Additional information on the Company s sustainability performance can be found on the ESG section of our website at www.coherent.com. The website address is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. None of the information on, or accessible through, our website is part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, nor is it incorporated herein by reference. Sources of Supply In our production processes, we use numerous optical, electrical, and mechanical parts that are sourced from third-party suppliers. These include ICs, DSPs, mechanical housings, and optical components, and we commonly refer to them as raw materials. Raw materials or subcomponents required in the manufacturing process are generally available from several sources. However, in the Lasers segment, we currently purchase several key components and materials used in the manufacture of our products, including exotic materials, crystals, and optics, from sole-source or limited-source suppliers. We also purchase assemblies and turnkey solutions from contract manufacturers, based on our proprietary designs. We rely on our own production and design capability to manufacture and specify certain strategic components, crystals, fibers, semiconductor lasers, and laser-based systems. We use rare-earth materials in some of our production processes. Like with other materials, we are constantly working to strengthen and diversify our supply chain for resilience. These strategies include maintaining additional buffer stocks and securing multiple sources to ensure resilience. The continued high quality of and access to these raw materials are critical to the stability and predictability of our manufacturing yields. We specify and test these raw materials at the onset of and throughout the production process. Additional research and capital investment are sometimes needed to better define future raw materials specifications. We continue to develop strategic second sources as part of our overall business continuity planning, and occasionally experience problems associated with raw materials not meeting contract specifications for quality or purity. Risks associated with reliance on third parties for the timely and reliable delivery of raw materials are discussed in greater detail in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Reporting Segments and Business Units For fiscal year 2025, the Company reports its results in three reporting segments: (i) Networking, (ii) Materials, and (iii) Lasers. The Networking segment leverages our compound semiconductor technology platforms and deep knowledge of end-user applications for its key end markets to deliver differentiated components, modules, and subsystems. The Materials segment is a market leader in engineered materials and optoelectronic devices, such as those based on ZnSe, ZnS, GaAs, InP, GaSb, and SiC. The Lasers segment s lasers and optics products serve industrial customers in both semiconductor and display capital equipment and precision manufacturing, and instrumentation customers in life sciences and scientific instrumentation. Each of these segments develops and markets key products as described below. Networking Transceivers, systems, subsystems, modules, components, optics, and semiconductor devices for datacenter and communications applications. Materials 8 Engineered materials, laser optics, thermoelectric components, and advanced ceramic and metal-matrix composite materials and products. VCSELs, EELs, pump lasers, high-power lasers for materials processing, and ICs. Lasers Excimer lasers, solid-state lasers, CO 2 lasers, and laser systems for a variety of industrial applications, including semiconductor capital equipment, display manufacturing, precision manufacturing, and scientific research. Laser systems and subsystems. Markets For fiscal year 2025, we report revenues of our business segments in the following markets: communications, industrial, instrumentation and electronics. Effective July 1, 2025, for our fiscal year 2026, the Company realigned its organizational structure into two reporting segments which mirror the markets that they report into: (i) Datacenter and Communications, and (ii) Industrial. Communications Market Group Datacom Market Vertical . We have been experiencing significant growth in AI and ML in the datacom market vertical. At Coherent, we have a complete portfolio of transceivers matched to the requirements set by AI and ML. These transceivers are protocol-agnostic, meaning the same transceiver hardware can support Ethernet and InfiniBand, as well as proprietary protocols for AI and ML such as NVIDIA s NVLink. Over the years, we have made strategic investments that give us a unique level of vertical integration. We not only design and manufacture our transceivers internally, but we also design and manufacture many of the materials and components, including lasers, detectors, ICs, and passive optics. We have in-house laser design and manufacturing capability for GaAs-based VCSELs, InP-based DMLs, EMLs, and CW lasers. Coherent has multiple 6-inch GaAs VCSEL fabs in the U.S. and Europe. We also have multiple InP fabs in the U.S. and Europe, and we are moving to 6-inch wafer capability. Our portfolio also includes silicon photonics and a broad array of CPO-enabling technologies. Telecom Market Vertical. Coherent optical communications products and technologies enable next-generation high-speed optical transmission systems and transport networks, and datacenter solutions necessary to meet the accelerating global bandwidth demand. We are a global technology leader in optical communications, providing materials, subcomponents, components, modules, subsystems, and systems to optical component and module manufacturers, networking equipment manufacturers, datacenter operators, enterprises, and telecom service providers. We design products that meet the increasing demands for network bandwidth and data storage. Our Telecom products include coherent transmission components and transceivers as well as transport products such as 980 nm and 14xx pump lasers, erbium-doped fiber amplifiers, passive components, OCM, OTDR, ROADM and Optical line systems. Our proven experience in both transmission and transport allows us to effectively address the emerging DCI market. Our optoelectronic components, transceivers, submodules, pluggable amplifiers, and configurable line cards are able to meet the requirements of low power consumption, compactness, ease of installation and operation, and cost savings, which are often mandatory features in the DCI market. Industrial Market Group Precision Manufacturing Market Vertical. Our Precision Manufacturing vertical encompasses a broad range of applications across very diverse markets. With complete verticality, from materials to turnkey laser solutions, we intersect with any industrial laser process within the application areas of automotive manufacturing, medical device manufacturing, machine tools, consumer goods, and industrial electrical and electronics. Our portfolio of optics, components, lasers, and systems enables a wide variety of applications including EV battery welding, fine processing of medical devices, additive manufacturing, high-temperature superconducting wires and tapes, and even bleaching of jeans. 9 Semiconductor Capital Equipment Market Vertical. Semiconductor capital equipment requires advanced materials to meet the need for tighter tolerances, enhanced thermal stability, faster wafer transfer speeds, and reduced stage settling times. Our metal-matrix composites and reaction-bonded ceramics enable these applications, thanks to their optimum combination of light weight, strength, hardness, and coefficient of thermal expansion. Our lasers are widely used in various semiconductor processes such as solid-state lasers and excimer lasers for semiconductor inspection tasks, and CO 2 lasers for wafer annealing. We also offer a suite of lasers for a variety of advanced packaging applications, ranging from cutting, PCB and substrate drilling, and optical debonding to numerous laser marking tasks. Display Capital Equipment Market Vertical. Our excimer laser-based annealing systems can improve precision, combining high-spatial precision and selectivity for LTPS OLED display production. Our CO 2 lasers and UV ultrashort-pulsed lasers are used for cutting applications. Beyond OLED, we are offering UV and DUV laser solutions for a broad range of applications to manufacture next-generation microLED displays. Aerospace Defense Market Vertical. Coherent aerospace and defense solutions enable mission-critical capabilities for applications in high-energy lasers; contested space; and intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. Our Aerospace Defense division maintains separate business development, IT infrastructure, accounting, finance, engineering, and manufacturing facilities in the United States with strictly controlled access; the division is dedicated to our U.S. government-supported contracts. Instrumentation Market Group Life Sciences Market Vertical. Within the life sciences end market, we focus on instrumentation that integrates light- and/or thermal-management solutions. We vertically integrate from the material level (with various crystals for medical laser applications, or ZnS materials for NIR and IR spectroscopy) to high-precision components, complex subassemblies, and even full subsystems. Applications within the biotechnology segment include research and diagnostic tools such as flow cytometry, genome sequencing, and PCR, to name a few. Our broad product portfolio delivers solutions covering illumination, light management, thermal management, sample loading, and detection. Visible-wavelength lasers and multicolored laser and LED engines provide low-noise, high-performance, reliable light sources. Medical applications comprise instrumentation that is used in the direct treatment of patients and includes medical lasers, imaging, point-of-care wearables, and thermal-based treatment solutions. Coherent semiconductor laser bars and stacks are used in applications such as hair and wrinkle removal, and femtosecond lasers combined with excimer lasers are used for common procedures like LASIK. Scientific Research Market Vertical . Our products include CW lasers for microscopy, advanced ultrafast-pulsed laser sources, and high-energy pulsed excimer gas lasers. These systems are sold to universities and research institutions across the globe for applications such as neuroscience and optogenetics. Electronics Market Group Consumer Electronics Market Vertical. We manufacture GaAs VCSELs and VCSEL arrays, InP edge-emitting lasers and photo diodes, as well as specialty glass wafers for the consumer electronics market. Our VCSEL products leverage our world-class 6-inch GaAs platform, combining our epitaxial wafer growth and wafer fabrication capabilities. Our VCSELs are also widely deployed in datacenters and HDMI optical cables as well as in vehicle steering wheels. Today, Coherent is one of the very few vertically integrated 6-inch VCSEL manufacturers with a proven track record in high-volume manufacturing of high-reliability, large multi-emitter VCSEL arrays designed for 3D sensing. We are also one of the very few companies that have shipped InP diode lasers and photodiodes in high volume for consumer electronics applications; these are also manufactured in-house. An increasing number of consumer devices are coming on the market with embedded VCSELs, including multiple smartphones and tablets, AR/VR headsets, smart watches, and household robots. In addition to VCSELs, our products for the consumer electronics market include wafer-scale optics, diffraction gratings, thermoelectric coolers, driver ICs, and substrates for sensing and AR/VR applications. Automotive Market Vertical. We are a global leader in SiC substrates for power electronics that improve the energy efficiency of electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Our industry-leading semiconductor lasers, optics, and materials can be leveraged for LiDAR systems embedded in advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) for autonomous vehicles. LiDAR sensors enable ADAS to perform functions such as emergency braking, distance warning, and adaptive cruise control. Wireless Market Vertical. We are a market leader in the technology development and large-volume manufacturing of 100 mm, 150 mm, and the industry s first 200 mm semi-insulating SiC substrates. These substrates are utilized by 10 customers worldwide to manufacture GaN-on-SiC HEMT RF power amplifier devices that are embedded in remote radio heads in 4G and 5G wireless base stations. Sales and Marketing We market our products and services through a direct sales force and through representatives and distributors around the world. Our market strategy is focused on understanding our customers requirements and building market awareness and acceptance of our products and services. New products are continually being developed and introduced to our new and established customers in all markets. We have centralized our worldwide sales and strategic marketing functions. Sales offices have been aligned to best serve and distribute products to our worldwide customer base. Our sales force develops effective communications with our OEM and end-user customers worldwide. Products are actively marketed through key account relationships, personal selling, select advertising, attendance at trade shows, digital marketing, and customer partnerships. Our sales force includes a highly trained technical sales support team to assist customers in designing, testing, and qualifying our products as key components of our customers systems. We do business with a number of customers in the aerospace and defense industry, who in turn generally contract with a governmental entity, typically a U.S. government agency. We had two customers who each contributed more than 10% of revenue during fiscal 2025. Competition Coherent is a global leader in many of its product families. We compete, in part, on our core competencies from materials to systems, our differentiated products and services, and the sustainability of our competitive advantages. We also compete by using our intellectual property, ability to scale, product quality, on-time delivery, and technical support. We believe that our vertical integration, manufacturing facilities and equipment, experienced technical and manufacturing employees, and worldwide marketing and distribution channels provide us with competitive advantages. In addition to competitors who manufacture products similar to those we produce, there are other technologies and products available that may compete with our technologies and products. Our Strategy Our strategy is to grow businesses with world-class lasers, optics, and engineered materials to advance our current customers strategies, reach new markets through innovative technologies and platforms, and enable new applications in large and growing markets. A key strategy of ours is to develop and manufacture high-performance materials and, in certain cases, components incorporating those materials, that are differentiated from those produced by our competitors. We focus on providing components that are critical to the heart of our customers products that serve the applications mentioned above. We continue to grow the number and size of our key accounts. A significant portion of our business is based on sales orders with market leaders, which enables our forward planning and production efficiencies. We intend to continue capitalizing and executing on this proven model, participating effectively in the growth of the markets discussed above, and continuing our focus on operational excellence as we execute our primary business strategies. Research and Development During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, we continued to identify, invest in, and focus our R D on new products and platform technologies for the long term growth of the Company. We devote significant resources to R D programs directed at the continuous improvement of our existing products and processes, and to the timely development of new materials, technologies, platforms, and products. We believe that our R D activities are essential to establishing and maintaining a leadership position in each of the markets we serve. In addition, certain manufacturing personnel support or participate in our R D efforts on an ongoing basis. We believe the close interaction between the development and manufacturing functions enhances the direction of our projects, reducing costs and accelerating technology transfers. It also offers development opportunities to our employees. 11 During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, we focused our R D investments in the following areas: Networking Area of Development: Our R D Investments: Photonics design Continue to develop and improve crystal materials, precision optical parts, and laser device components for photonics applications. Datacom transceivers and components for datacom transceivers 800G/1.6T transceivers, CPO, VCSELs, EMLs, silicon photonics, ICs, isolators, and thermoelectric coolers; 400G/lane components supporting 3.2T and 6.4T. Optical circuit switch (OCS) Develop the OCS product family for AI/ML and hyperscale datacenters based on our digital liquid-crystal technology. Coherent transceivers Drive further integration to reduce size and power consumption; increase bandwidth to enable 100G/200G/400G/800G coherent transceivers. Pump lasers Continue to invest in our next-generation GaAs pump laser portfolio to address evolving terrestrial and undersea markets. Advanced optics manufacturing High-precision and more compact optics and automated assembly platforms and packages. Materials Area of Development: Our R D Investments: High-power lasers and semiconductor lasers Increase output power and reliability of EEL diodes, VCSELs, InP lasers, and detectors for a variety of applications across our markets. SiC epitaxial wafers Continuous improvement to maintain world-class, high-quality, large-diameter substrates and epitaxial wafers; develop SiC epitaxial wafers. Thermoelectric materials and devices Continue to develop leading Bi 2 Te 3 materials for thermoelectric cooling/heating; focus on thermoelectric power-generation capability in order to introduce new products. Lasers Area of Development: Our R D Investments: Diode-pumped solid-state lasers Continue to develop solid-state lasers for industrial applications for materials processing, instrumentation, and scientific applications. Ultrafast fiber lasers Continue to develop industrial femtosecond fiber lasers for semiconductor capital equipment and display manufacturing. Femtosecond oscillators and amplifiers Continue to develop ultrafast laser systems for scientific applications. Optically pumped semiconductor lasers Continue to broaden the product portfolio of CW, visible, and ultraviolet OPSLs. Semiconductor lasers Increase output power of GaAs- and InP-based edge-emitting semiconductor lasers for laser pumping, and industrial applications. Excimer lasers and excimer laser tools Continue to support existing excimer laser-based applications in display manufacturing, instrumentation, and materials processing. 12 CO 2 lasers Continue to develop CO 2 lasers used in industrial applications. Laser tools Continue to develop laser-based tools used for marking, cutting, and welding applications. R D expenditures were $582 million, $479 million, and $500 million for the fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Import and Export Compliance We are required to comply with all relevant import/export and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including: The import regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection; The International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) administered by the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, which among other things impose licensing requirements on the export from the United States of certain defense articles and defense services, generally including items that are specially designed or adapted for a military application and/or listed on the United States Munitions List; The Export Administration Regulations (EAR) administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, which among other things impose licensing requirements on certain dual-use goods, technology, and software; and The regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, implementing economic sanctions against designated countries, governments, and persons based on U.S. foreign policy and national security considerations. Foreign governments also have similar import and export controls, sanctions, laws, and regulations. For additional discussion regarding our import, export, and sanctions compliance, see the discussion in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Trade Secrets, Patents, and Trademarks Our use of trade secrets, proprietary know-how, trademarks, copyrights, patents, contractual confidentiality, and IP ownership provisions helps us develop and maintain our competitive position with respect to our products and manufacturing processes. We aggressively pursue process and product patents in certain areas of our businesses and in certain jurisdictions across the globe. We have entered into selective IP licensing agreements. We have confidentiality and noncompetition agreements with certain personnel. We require our U.S. employees to sign a confidentiality and noncompetition agreement upon commencement of their employment with us. As of June 30, 2025, we had a total of approximately 3,100 patents globally. Executive Officers of the Registrant The executive officers of the Company and their respective ages and positions as of June 30, 2025, are set forth below. Each executive officer listed has been appointed by the Board of Directors to serve until removed or until a successor is appointed and qualified. Name Age Position Jim Anderson 52 Chief Executive Officer Giovanni Barbarossa 62 Chief Strategy Officer Sherri Luther 60 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Christopher Koeppen 53 Chief Innovation Officer Julie Sheridan Eng 58 Chief Technology Officer Rob Beard 47 Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer Secretary Ilaria Mocciaro 54 Chief Accounting Officer 13 Jim Anderson was appointed Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of Coherent Corp. and a member of the Board of Directors on June 3, 2024. He brings over 25 years of experience in the technology and semiconductor industries, with a strong track record in innovation-driven businesses. Prior to joining Coherent, Mr. Anderson served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Lattice Semiconductor Corporation from September 2018 to 2024. Before Lattice, he was the Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Computing and Graphics Business Group at Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD). Earlier in his career, he held various leadership roles across general management, engineering, sales, marketing, and corporate strategy at Intel, Broadcom (formerly Avago Technologies), and LSI Corporation. Mr. Anderson currently serves on the Board of Directors of Applied Materials, Inc., where he was appointed in July 2025. He previously served on the Board of Directors of Entegris, Inc., (March 2023 July 2024), the Semiconductor Industry Association (until June 2024), and Sierra Wireless (April 2020 January 2023). He also sits on the Americas Executive Board for the MIT Sloan School of Management and the U.S.-Japan Business Council. Mr. Anderson earned an MBA and Master of Science degree in electrical engineering and computer science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a Master of Science degree in electrical engineering from Purdue University, and a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Minnesota. Giovanni Barbarossa joined Coherent Corp. in 2012 and has been the Chief Strategy Officer of the Company since 2019. From 2019 to 2025, he was also President of the Materials Segment. From 2012 to 2019, Dr. Barbarossa was the Chief Technology Officer of the Company and President of the Laser Solutions Segment. Previously, Dr. Barbarossa was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Avanex Corporation until its merger with Bookham plc. into Oclaro, Inc., of which he was a member of the Board of Directors from 2009 to 2012. Before joining Avanex pre-IPO, Dr. Barbarossa had management responsibilities at British Telecom Labs, AT T Bell Labs, Lucent Technologies, and Hewlett-Packard. Dr. Barbarossa holds 118 U.S. patents and has published over 100 papers. He graduated cum laude from the University of Bari, Italy, with a B.S. in electrical engineering, and has a Ph.D. in photonics from the University of Glasgow, U.K. Sherri Luther was named Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) of Coherent Corp. in September 2024. Ms. Luther joined Coherent from Lattice Semiconductor, where she had been CFO since 2019. Prior to Lattice, Ms. Luther worked at Coherent, Inc., for 16 years, including as Corporate Vice President of Finance. Ms. Luther has more than 30 years of strategic and financial operations experience, with expertise in financial reporting, forecasting, internal audit, M A, treasury, investor relations, operations, and global supply chain management. Previously, Ms. Luther held senior finance and accounting roles at companies including Quantum, Ultra Network Technologies, and Arthur Andersen. Ms. Luther is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and graduated from the Executive MBA Program at Stanford University Graduate School of Business. She holds a bachelor's degree in business administration, with a dual major in accounting and finance, from Wright State University. She serves on the Board of Directors of Silicon Labs and is also NACD (National Association of Corporate Directors) Directorship Certified. Christopher Koeppen joined Coherent Corp. in 2011 via the acquisition of Aegis Lightwave, Inc., where he served as General Manager, Aegis-NJ. He was named General Manager of the Company s Agile Network Products Division in 2012 and Director of Corporate Strategic Technology Planning in 2015. Dr. Koeppen then served as Vice President of the Industrial Laser Group and Corporate Strategic Technology Planning from 2017 until his appointment as Chief Technology Officer in 2019. He became Senior Vice President, Aerospace Defense, and Chief Innovation Officer in 2022 and was named Executive Vice President of Aerospace Defense in 2025. Previously, Dr. Koeppen was co-founder and CEO of CardinalPoint Optics, prior to its acquisition by Aegis Lightwave. He has more than two decades of progressively increasing general and technology management experience in high-tech companies, including at Meriton Networks, Mahi Networks, Photuris, and Lucent Technologies. Dr. Koeppen holds a Ph.D. in physics from the University of Pennsylvania, where he was an AT T Bell Laboratories Scholar, and B.S. degrees in physics and mathematics from the Pennsylvania State University. Julie Sheridan Eng was named Chief Technology Officer ( CTO ) of Coherent in 2022. Prior to becoming CTO, Dr. Eng served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Optoelectronic Devices and Modules Business Unit. In that role, she oversaw engineering, product management, and operations for GaAs vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers (VCSELs), InP directly modulated lasers (DMLs) and detectors, and CMOS/BiCMOS integrated circuits for datacom and 3D sensing applications. Before Coherent, Dr. Eng held various senior management positions at Finisar Corporation, including Executive Vice President and General Manager of 3D Sensing, and Executive Vice President of Datacom Engineering. Over the 15 years that she managed datacom transceiver engineering, her teams production-released hundreds of fiber-optic transceiver products and achieved numerous industry firsts. Dr. Eng began her career at AT T Bell Laboratories/Lucent/Agere, where she led the development of laser-based datacom transceivers. Dr. Eng is a Past Chair of the IEEE Committee on Women in Engineering and currently serves on the Board of Directors of Optica (formerly the Optical Society of America). She has published over a dozen papers, co-authored a book chapter, holds six U.S. patents, and has given numerous invited talks. In 2022, she was named an Optica Fellow for distinguished contributions to the advancement of optics and photonics, and in 2025 she was elected to the National Academy of Engineering. Dr. Eng holds a B.A. degree summa cum laude in physics from Bryn Mawr College and a B.S. degree in electrical engineering with honors from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). She earned M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University. 14 Rob Beard brings more than 20 years of senior international experience across the business, policy, and legal worlds to his role as Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer for Coherent Corp. Mr. Beard joined Coherent in 2024 from Mastercard, where he was Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer. While at Mastercard, he led the company s global legal, government affairs, and policy teams, and served on Mastercard s Management Committee. Mr. Beard came to Mastercard after a nearly decade-long tenure at Micron Technology, during which time he held various roles on the legal team and ultimately served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. While at Micron, he played a key role in promoting the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act and in negotiating an incentive package from the state of New York for Micron s announced $100 billion semiconductor manufacturing facility to be built in the Syracuse area. After clerking on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, Mr. Beard began his corporate legal career as an associate in Shearman Sterling LLP s London office, before moving to Weil, Gotshal Manges LLP. He graduated from the University of Utah and received his Juris Doctor from the University of Illinois College of Law, summa cum laude. Mr. Beard has also taught in the University of Illinois Communications Department, at the University of Illinois College of Law, and at the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah. Ilaria Mocciaro is a seasoned finance executive and active Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in Illinois with over 27 years of experience across public and corporate accounting. She has held senior leadership roles at multiple Fortune 500 companies, overseeing global finance functions including accounting, tax, treasury, SEC reporting, and financial systems. Ms. Mocciaro is currently the Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller for Coherent Corp. She joined Coherent in 2023 from CDW, where she was Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Controller from 2020 to 2022. From 2016 to 2020, she was Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Global Controller at Anixter International Inc., where she helped close the sale of Anixter to Wesco. From 2011 to 2016, Ms. Mocciaro was the Chief Accounting Officer of the agricultural and construction equipment segments at CNH Industrial N.V., after serving as Director of Accounting and Reporting. She led Internal Audit at McMaster-Carr Supply Company from 2010 to 2011 and previously held several management positions at Ernst Young LLP in Chicago and Milan, Italy, from 1997 to 2010. Ms. Mocciaro holds a B.A. degree in accounting and business administration from the Catholic University of the Sacred Heart (Universit Cattolica del Sacro Cuore) in Milan. Availability of Information Our internet address is www.coherent.com. Information contained on our website is not part of, and should not be construed as being incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We post the following reports on our website as soon as reasonably practical after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports or statements filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. In addition, we post our proxy statements on Schedule 14A related to our annual shareholders meetings as well as reports filed by our directors, officers, and 10% beneficial owners pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, all filings are available via the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). We also make our corporate governance documents available on our website, including the Company s Code of Ethical Business Conduct, Governance Guidelines, and the charters for our board committees. All such documents are located on the Investors page of our website and are available free of charge. 15 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS The following are certain risk factors that could affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. These risk factors should be considered along with any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, because these factors could cause our actual results or financial condition to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. The following discussion is not an all-inclusive listing of risks, although we believe these are the material risks that we face. If any of the following occur, our business, results of operations, financial position, or cash flows could be adversely affected. You should carefully consider these factors, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, when evaluating an investment in our securities. Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry Our competitive position depends on our ability to develop new products and processes and may require significant investment. To meet our strategic objectives, we must develop, manufacture, and market new products and continue to update our existing products and processes to keep pace with sudden increases and decreases in market demand and other market developments and to address increasingly sophisticated customer requirements in rapidly evolving technologies. Our success in developing and selling new and enhanced products and processes depends upon a variety of factors, including strategic product selection, efficient completion of product design and development, timely implementation of manufacturing and assembly processes, effective sales and marketing, and high-quality and successful product performance in the market. The introduction by our competitors of products or processes using new developments that are better or lower cost than ours could render our products or processes obsolete or unmarketable. We intend to continue to make significant investments in research, development, and engineering to achieve our goals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and introduce new products or enhancements to our existing products and processes in a manner which satisfies customer needs or achieves market acceptance. The failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow our business and maintain our competitive position and on our results of operations and/or financial condition. We continuously monitor the marketplace for strategic opportunities, and our business strategy includes expanding our product lines and markets through both internal product development and acquisitions. Consequently, we expect to continue to consider strategic acquisitions of businesses, products, or technologies complementary to our business. This may require significant investments of management time and financial resources. If market demand is outside our organic capabilities, if a strategic acquisition is required and we cannot identify one or execute on it, and/or if financial investments that we undertake distract management, do not result in the expected return on investment, expose us to unforeseen liabilities, or jeopardize our ability to comply with our credit facility covenants due to any inability to integrate the business, adjust to operating a larger and more complex organization, adapt to additional political and other requirements associated with the acquired business, retain staff, or work with customers, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We continue to make investments in programs with the goal of gaining a greater share of end markets, including the key components for fast growth markets. We cannot guarantee that our investments in capital and capabilities will be sufficient. The potential end markets, as well as our ability to gain market share in such markets, may not materialize on the timeline anticipated or at all. We cannot be sure of the end market price, specification, or yield for products incorporating our technologies. Our technologies could fail to fulfill, partially or completely, our target customers specifications. We cannot guarantee the end market customers acceptance of our technologies. Further, we may be unable to fulfill the terms of our contracts with our target customers, which could result in penalties of a material nature, including damages, loss of market share, and loss of reputation. A significant portion of our business is subject to cyclical market factors and we may fail to accurately estimate the size and growth rate of our markets and our customers demands. Our business is dependent on the demand for products produced by end-users of communications, industrial, instrumentation and electronics markets. Many of these end-users are in industries that have historically experienced a highly cyclical demand for their products. We make significant decisions based on our estimates of customer requirements. We use our estimates to determine the levels of business we seek and accept, production schedules, personnel needs, and other resource requirements. Our markets are characterized by extensive research and development, rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions, changes in customer requirements and evolving industry standards. The nature of these markets require significant research and development expenses to participate, with substantial resources invested in advance of material sales of our products to our customers. To compete effectively, we must continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends and competitive developments. Otherwise, our product offerings may become less competitive given the frequent introduction of alternative or more cost-effective technologies. Because this industry is subject to rapid change, it is difficult to predict its potential size or future growth rate. We cannot ensure that our expenditures for research and development will result in the launch of new products or, if such products are introduced, that those products will achieve sufficient market acceptance 16 or generate sales to offset the costs of development. Our failure to address rapid technological changes in our markets, or the failure of either our customers or our products to gain market acceptance, or the failure of the markets in which we participate to grow could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, customers may require rapid increases in production on short notice. We may not be able to purchase sufficient supplies or allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet such increases in demand. Rapid customer ramp-up and significant increases in demand may strain our resources or negatively affect our margins. Inability to satisfy customer demand in a timely manner may harm our reputation, reduce our other opportunities, damage our relationships with customers, reduce revenue growth, and/or cause us to incur contractual penalties. Alternatively, downturns in the industries in which we compete, or changes in technology, may cause our customers to significantly and abruptly reduce their demand, or even cancel orders. For example, the artificial intelligence industry is rapidly evolving, with continuous improvements in algorithms, software efficiencies and hardware capabilities. Emerging AI technologies, such as those demonstrated by DeepSeek, may allow for complex AI operations to be executed with significantly less computing power than is currently required. This reduction in computational intensity could decrease the demand for services provided by AI datacenters that are our customers. Shifts like these could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as we base many of our operating decisions including, but not limited to, those regarding manufacturing capacity and staffing, and enter into purchase commitments, on the basis of anticipated revenue trends. With respect to orders we initiate with our suppliers to address anticipated demand from our customers, certain suppliers may have required noncancellable purchase commitments or advance payments from us, and those obligations and commitments could reduce our ability to adjust our inventory or expense levels to reflect declining market demands. Should revenues in future periods fall substantially below our expectations, or should we fail to accurately forecast changes in demand mix, we could be required to record substantial charges for obsolete or excess inventories or noncancellable purchase commitments. Because certain of our sales, research and development, and internal manufacturing overhead expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand likely would decrease our gross margins and operating income. We contract with a number of large end-user service providers and product companies that have considerable bargaining power, which may require us to agree to terms and conditions that could have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenues. Any loss, cancellation, reduction, or delay in purchases by these large customers could harm the longevity of our business. A small number of customers have consistently accounted for a significant portion of our revenues, with two customers each contributing more than 10% of total revenues in fiscal 2025. Our success will depend on our continued ability to develop and manage relationships with our large customers and their continued need for our products. Although we are attempting to expand our customer base, we expect that significant customer concentration will continue for the foreseeable future. We may not be able to offset any decline in revenues from our existing large customers with revenues from new customers, and our quarterly results may be volatile because we are dependent on large orders from these customers that may be reduced, delayed, or cancelled. The markets in which we have historically sold our optical subsystems and components products are dominated by a relatively small number of systems manufacturers, thereby limiting the number of our potential customers. Our dependence on large orders from a relatively small number of large customers makes our relationship with each large customer critically important to our business. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain our large customers, attract additional large customers, or that our large customers will be successful in selling their products that incorporate our products. In addition, governmental trade action or economic sanctions may limit or preclude our ability to do business with certain large customers. We have in the past experienced delays and reductions in orders from some of our large customers. In addition, our large customers have in the past sought price concessions from us, and we expect that they will continue to do so in the future. Cost and expense reduction measures that we have implemented over the past several years, and additional action we are taking to reduce costs, may adversely affect our ability to introduce new and improved products, which may, in turn, adversely affect our relationships with some of our large customers. Further, some of our large customers may in the future shift their purchases of products from us to our competitors or to joint ventures between these customers and our competitors, or may in certain circumstances produce competitive products themselves. The loss of one or more of our large customers, any reduction or delay in sales to these customers, our inability to successfully develop relationships with additional customers, or future price concessions that we may make could significantly harm our business. Large end-user service providers and product companies comprise a significant portion of our customer base. These large customers generally have greater purchasing power than smaller customers and, accordingly, often negotiate more favorable terms from suppliers, including us. As we seek to expand our sales to existing and new large customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that are more favorable to these customers and that may affect the timing of our ability to recognize revenue, increase our costs, and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, large customers have increased buying power and ability to negotiate onerous terms into our contracts with them, including pricing, warranties, indemnification and production capability terms. If we are unable to satisfy the terms of these contracts, it could result in liabilities of a material nature, including litigation, damages, additional costs, loss of market share, 17 and loss of reputation. Additionally, the terms these large customers require, such as most-favored customer or exclusivity provisions, may impact our ability to do business with other customers and generate revenues from such customers. Products that fail to meet specifications, are defective, or are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us. Products that do not meet specifications or that contain, or are perceived by our customers to contain, defects or that are otherwise incompatible with end uses could impose significant costs on us or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. From time to time, we experience problems with nonconforming, defective, or incompatible products after we have shipped such products. In recent periods, we have further diversified and expanded our product offerings, which could potentially increase the chance that one or more of our products could fail to meet specifications in a particular application. Our products and solutions may be deemed fully or partially responsible for functionality in our customers products and may result in sharing or shifting of product or financial liability from our customers to us for costs incurred by the end user as a result of our customers products failing to perform as specified. In addition, if our products and solutions perform critical functions in our customers products our potential liability may increase. We could be adversely affected in several ways, including the following: we may be required or agree to compensate customers for costs incurred or damages caused by defective or incompatible products and to replace products; we could incur a decrease in revenue or adjustment to pricing commensurate with the reimbursement of such costs or alleged damages; and we may encounter adverse publicity, which could cause a decrease in sales of our products or harm our reputation or relationships with existing or potential customers. Any of the foregoing items could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may encounter increased competition, and we may fail to accurately estimate our competitors or our customers willingness and capability to backward integrate into our competencies and thereby displace us. We may encounter substantial competition from other companies in the same market, including established companies with significant resources. Some of our competitors may have financial, technical, marketing, or other capabilities that are more extensive than ours. They may be able to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and other competitive pressures. We may not be able to compete successfully against our present or future competitors. Our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Global economic downturns may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Downturns in regional or worldwide economies, due to inflation, geopolitics, major central bank policy actions including interest rate increases, public health crises, or other factors, have harmed our business in the past and current and future downturns could also adversely affect our business. Adverse economic conditions affect demand for our products and devices that incorporate our products, Reduced demand for these or other products could result in significant decreases in our product sales. In addition, to the extent our customers have elevated inventory levels or are impacted by deterioration in credit markets, we may experience a decrease in short-term and/or long-term demand resulting in industry oversupply and declines in pricing for our products. A deterioration of conditions in regional or worldwide credit markets could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures. Difficult economic conditions may also result in a higher rate of losses on our accounts receivable due to credit defaults. Additionally, our current or future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify, delay, or cancel plans to purchase our products. Any inability of our current or future customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. As a result, downturns in regional or worldwide economies could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We depend on highly complex manufacturing processes that require strategic materials, components, and products from limited sources of supply. Our operations are dependent upon a supply chain of difficult-to-make or difficult-to-refine products and materials, including integrated circuits, mechanical housings and optical components, and some of our product inflow is subject to yield reductions from growth or fabrication losses, and thus the quantities we may receive are not consistently predictable. Customers may also change a specification for a product that our suppliers cannot meet which may limit and/or otherwise impact our ability to supply such customers. Some of our products require designs and specifications that are at the cutting-edge of available technologies and change frequently to meet rapidly evolving market demands. By their very nature, the types of components used in such products can be difficult and unpredictable to manufacture and may only be available from a single supplier, which increases the risk that we may not obtain such components in a timely manner. Identifying alternative sources of supply for certain components could be 18 difficult and costly, result in management distraction in assisting our current and future suppliers to meet our and our customers technical requirements, and cause delays in shipments of our products while we identify, evaluate and test the products of alternative suppliers. Any such delay in shipment would result in a delay or cancellation of our ability to convert such orders into revenues. Furthermore, financial or other difficulties faced by these suppliers or significant changes in demand for these components or materials could limit their availability. We continue to consolidate our supply base and move supplier locations. When we transition locations, we may increase our inventory of such products as a safety stock during the transition, which may cause the amount of inventory reflected on our balance sheet to increase. Additionally, many of our customers rely on sole source suppliers. In the event of a disruption of our customers supply chain, orders from our customers could decrease or be delayed. We also make products of which we are one of the world s largest suppliers. We use high-quality, optical-grade ZnSe in the production of many of our IR optical products. We are a leading producer of ZnSe for our internal use and for external sale. The production of ZnSe is a complex process requiring a highly controlled environment. A number of factors, including defective or contaminated materials, could adversely affect our ability to achieve acceptable manufacturing yields of high-quality ZnSe. Lack of adequate availability of high-quality ZnSe could have a material adverse effect upon our business. There can be no assurance that we will not experience manufacturing yield inefficiencies that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition, we use rare earth minerals and produce and use high-purity and relatively uncommon materials and compounds to manufacture our products, including, but not limited to, ZnS, GaAs, yttrium aluminum garnet, yttrium lithium fluoride, calcium fluoride, germanium, selenium, telluride, Bi2Te3, and SiC. A significant failure of our internal production processes or our suppliers to deliver sufficient quantities of these necessary materials (including, in the case of rare earth minerals, as a consequence of their limited diminished availability or as a result of export controls on such materials) on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We manufacture some of the components that we incorporate into our subsystem products; in other cases, we provide components to contract manufacturers to produce finished or intermediary goods. For some of the components and finished or intermediary goods, we are the sole qualified manufacturer. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex, and quality issues are often difficult to forecast, detect, and correct. From time to time we have experienced problems achieving acceptable yields in our manufacturing facilities, resulting in delays in the availability of our products. In addition, if we experience problems with our manufacturing facilities, it would be costly and require a long period of time to move the manufacture of these components and finished good products to a different facility or contract manufacturer, which could result in interruptions in supply and would likely materially impact our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, for a variety of reasons, including changes in circumstances at our contract manufacturers or our own business strategies, we may voluntarily, or be required to, transfer the manufacturing of certain products to other manufacturing sites. Changes in manufacturing processes are often required due to changes in product specifications, yield improvements, changing customer needs, and the introduction of new products. These changes may reduce manufacturing yields at our contract manufacturers and at our own manufacturing facilities, resulting in reduced margins on and/or reduced availability of those products. Also, our ability to control the quality of products produced by contract manufacturers may be limited and quality issues may not be resolved in a timely manner, which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. In addition, many of our products are sourced from suppliers based outside of the United States, primarily in Asia. Uncertainty with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs, and government regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries has recently increased. Major developments in tax policy or trade relations, such as the imposition of tariffs on imported products, could increase our product and product-related costs or require us to seek alternative suppliers, either of which could result in decreased sales or increased product and product-related costs. Significant political, trade, regulatory developments, and other circumstances beyond our control, including as a result of recently announced tariffs, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We operate globally and sell or plan to sell our products in countries throughout the world. Significant political, trade, or regulatory developments in the jurisdictions in which we sell our products, such as those stemming from the change in the U.S. federal administration, are difficult to predict and may have a material adverse effect on us. Similarly, changes in U.S. federal policy that affect the geopolitical landscape could give rise to circumstances outside our control that could have negative impacts on our business operations. For example, in early 2025, the United States implemented significant new tariffs on foreign imports impacting multiple countries, commodities and industries, and these new tariffs and export restrictions also prompted retaliatory tariffs and export restrictions from certain countries. As of June 2025, certain tariffs and retaliatory tariffs have been delayed, but a number of the new tariffs remain in effect, including significant tariffs and trade sanctions between the United States and China. Historically, tariffs have led to increased trade and political tensions and, to date, the outcome of the negotiations between the United States and the various countries is not yet clear. Political tensions as a result of trade policies could reduce trade volume, investment, technological exchange and other economic activities between major international economies, resulting in a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets. 19 Any changes in political, trade, regulatory, and economic conditions, including U.S. trade policies, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations. Compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense and failure to maintain compliance with applicable regulations could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to various domestic and international laws and other legal requirements, including ant-competition and import/export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations ( EAR ), and applicable executive orders. These laws, regulations and orders are complex, may change frequently and with limited notice, and generally become more stringent over time. The Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce ( BIS ) has issued final rules under the EAR that restrict access by Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. and certain of its affiliates (collectively, Huawei ) to items produced domestically and abroad from certain U.S. technology, software, and equipment. These rules prevent us from selling certain products subject to the EAR to identified Huawei entities without a license issued by BIS. In January 2025, we received an inquiry from BIS concerning past product sales to Huawei; we are cooperating with BIS s inquiry and conducting an internal review of those sales to determine what products are subject to the EAR and consequently restricted for export, reexport, and transfer when Huawei is a party to the transaction. We have stopped shipping products to Huawei, and we are in discussions with BIS regarding past product sales. At this time, we cannot predict the outcome of these discussions; cannot determine an estimate or range of loss; and we may be required to incur significant penalties and/or costs or expense to comply with, or to remedy any violations of, these regulations. The U.S. government may continue to add companies to its restricted entity list and/or technologies to its list of prohibited exports to specific countries, which have had and may in the future have an adverse effect on our revenue and our ability to sell our products. These restrictive governmental actions and any similar measures that may be imposed on U.S. companies by other governments, especially in light of ongoing trade tensions with China, will likely limit or prevent us from doing business with certain of our customers or suppliers and harm our ability to compete effectively or otherwise negatively affect our ability to sell our products. Furthermore, government authorities may take retaliatory actions, impose conditions for the supply of products or require the license or other transfer of IP, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Increases in commodity prices and diminished availability of rare earth minerals and noble gases may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of increases in commodity prices and diminished availability of rare earth minerals and noble gases. Our businesses purchase, produce, and sell raw materials based upon quoted market prices from minor metal exchanges. Trade disputes, geopolitical tensions, economic circumstances, or political conditions may limit our ability to obtain certain materials. Although rare earth and other materials are generally available from multiple suppliers, China is the predominant producer of certain of these materials. In 2024, China imposed export restrictions on certain rare earth minerals such as yttrium and germanium, which disrupted and may continue to disrupt global supply chains, driving up costs. The negative impact from increases in commodity prices and diminished availability of rare earth minerals and noble gases might not be recovered through our product sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Cybersecurity attacks and incidents and other vulnerabilities could subject us to costly damages, claims and expenses, harm to our reputation or competitive position, or disrupt our operations and business. We depend on secure information technology for our business and are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and other cyber incidents affecting our operations, facilities, systems and networks, and those of our customers, suppliers and service providers, and other third parties. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents and some of these have resulted in data breaches. Thus far, none of these incidents or breaches have materially affected our ability to conduct our business, our results of operations, or our financial condition. However, we continue to face cyber and other security threats. Particularly in light of the nature of our industry, size of our company and workforce, reliance on third party suppliers and information technology and the global scope of our operations, we expect we will be subject to additional cyber-attacks and other security incidents in the future, including from nation states and non-state actors. While we continue to invest in the cybersecurity and resiliency of our networks and to enhance our internal controls and processes designed to help protect our systems and infrastructure, and the information they contain, given the complex, ongoing, and evolving nature of cyber and other security threats, these efforts may not be fully effective, particularly against previously unknown vulnerabilities and third party risks that go undetected for an extended period of time. Our information technology and cybersecurity program also incorporate and rely on technology, products and services that are provided by service providers and other third parties ( third parties ), which means that Company is susceptible to certain vulnerabilities, outages and other incidents impacting these third parties and the technology, products and services they provide ( third party technology ). Further, our customers, vendors and other service providers also rely on third-party technology, which means that we may also be impacted by incidents affecting the third-party technology that our customers, vendors and service providers use and rely on. In some cases, our customers, vendors and other service providers may rely on the same 20 third-party technology as we do, which means that outages, errors and other incidents impacting third parties and third party technology can impact both us, as well as our customers, vendors and service providers, which can have a compounding effect. Cyber events (including cybersecurity incidents, breaches, outages and other incidents), if not prevented or effectively mitigated, have caused and could cause harm and require remedial actions. They could also damage our reputation, disrupt performance, impact our ability to obtain future insurance coverage, and lead to loss of business, regulatory actions, liabilities or other financial losses, for which we do not have adequate sources of recovery. The occurrence and impact of these various risks are difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may be adversely impacted by any of the multiple uncertainties and outcomes associated with the use and evolution of Artificial Intelligence ( AI ). We are increasingly incorporating AI capabilities into the development of technologies and our business operations, and into our products and services. AI technology is complex and rapidly evolving, and may expose us to significant competitive, legal, regulatory, and other risks. The implementation of AI can be costly and there is no guarantee that our use of AI will enhance our technologies, benefit our business operations, or produce products and services that are preferred by our customers. AI will likely increase or change the competitive environment in our markets. Our competitors may be more successful in their AI strategy or they may have access to greater AI resources or technology and develop superior products and services. Additionally, AI algorithms or training methodologies may be flawed, and datasets may contain irrelevant, insufficient or biased information, which can cause errors in outputs. AI is also the subject of an evolving set of legal requirements and regulations in various jurisdictions around the world in which we operate, and we may be subject to new and conflicting laws and regulations relating to AI. Any of these matters may create compliance risks, give rise to legal liability, damage our reputation, and materially harm our business. Natural disasters or other global or regional catastrophic events could disrupt our operations, give rise to substantial environmental hazards, and adversely affect our results. We and our subcontractors manufacture products using highly complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous modification to improve yields and performance. Difficulties in the manufacturing process or the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce yields or disrupt production and may increase our manufacturing costs. We and our subcontractors maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technologies at manufacturing facilities, which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries including the United States, Germany, Malaysia, and China. As a result of the interdependence within our network of manufacturing facilities, an operational disruption at one of our or a subcontractor s facilities may have a disproportionate impact on our ability to produce many of our products. From time to time, there have been disruptions in our manufacturing operations as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment, disruptions in supply of raw materials or components, or equipment failures. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences and possible climate changes, such as severe and variable weather and geological events resulting in increased costs, or disruptions to our manufacturing operations or those of our suppliers or customers. In addition, climate change may pose physical risks to our manufacturing facilities or our suppliers facilities, including increased extreme weather events that could result in supply delays or disruptions. Other events, including political or public health crises, such as an outbreak of contagious diseases, may also affect our production capabilities or that of our suppliers, including as a result of quarantines, closures of production facilities, lack of supplies, or delays caused by restrictions on travel or shipping. Events of the types noted above have occurred from time to time and, because these risks are a characteristic of our business, they may occur in the future. As a result, in addition to disruptions to operations, our insurance premiums may increase or we may not be able to fully recover any sustained losses through insurance. We may be unable to successfully implement our acquisitions strategy, integrate acquired companies and personnel with existing operations, or capitalize on any decision to strategically divest one or more current businesses. We have completed acquisitions and divestitures in the past, including most recently the acquisition of Coherent, Inc. in July 2022. We expect to expand and diversify our operations with additional acquisitions, but we may be unable to identify or complete prospective acquisitions for many reasons, including increasing competition from other potential acquirers, the effects of consolidation in our industries, and potentially high valuations of acquisition candidates. In addition, applicable competition laws and other regulations may limit our ability to acquire targets, integrate businesses, or force us to divest an acquired business line. If we are unable to identify suitable targets or complete acquisitions, our growth prospects may suffer, and we may not be able to realize sufficient scale and technological advantages to compete effectively in all markets. To the extent that we complete acquisitions, the success of our acquisitions will depend in large part on our success in integrating the acquired operations, strategies, technologies, and personnel. We may be unsuccessful in integrating acquired companies or product lines with existing operations, or may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of an acquisition if the integration process is more difficult or more costly than anticipated. If we fail to meet the challenges involved 21 in successfully integrating any acquired operations or to otherwise realize any of the anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including any expected cost savings and synergies, our operations could be impaired. In addition, the overall integration of an acquired business can be a time-consuming and expensive process that, without proper planning and effective and timely implementation, could significantly disrupt our business. Some of the risks that may affect our ability to integrate or realize anticipated benefits from acquired companies, businesses, or assets include those associated with: a significant negative financial result from the acquired company relative to our pre-acquisition expectations, including potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired company; retaining key employees and existing customers of the acquired company; standardizing the combined company s standards, processes, procedures, and controls, including integrating enterprise resource planning systems and other key business applications; coordinating new product and process development; integrating management teams, strategies, technologies and operations, products, services, and corporate cultures; increasing complexity from combining operations; increasing the scope, geographic diversity, and complexity of our operations; difficulties in consolidating facilities and transferring processes and know-how; diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; and actions we may take in connection with acquisitions, such as: using a significant portion of our available cash; issuing equity securities, which would dilute current shareholders percentage ownership; incurring significant debt; incurring or assume contingent liabilities, known or unknown, including potential lawsuits, infringement actions, or similar liabilities; incurring impairment charges related to goodwill or other intangibles; and facing antitrust or other regulatory inquiries or actions. Our success requires us to attract, retain, and develop key personnel and maintain good relations with our employees. We are highly dependent upon the experience and continuing services of certain scientists, engineers, production, sales, and management personnel. Competition for the services of these personnel is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain or attract the personnel necessary for our success. The loss of the services of our key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our failure to execute on our succession planning may affect our ability to maintain our differentiated knowledge base. Actions that we are taking to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. In May 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the 2023 Plan ) which includes site consolidations, facilities movements and closures, and the relocation and requalification of certain manufacturing facilities. Commencing in the quarter ended March 31, 2025, and as part of the ongoing strategic review of our business discussed during our earnings call for the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our management approved a plan to take a number of restructuring actions, including site consolidations, facilities moves and closures, workforce reductions, contract terminations and certain other associated cost reductions (the 2025 Plan, and together with 