=== PNR_2026-03-20.htm.gz ===
pnr-20260317 DEF 14A 0000077360 false iso4217:USD 0000077360 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000077360 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000077360 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000077360 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000077360 pnr:AdjustmentToCompensationForPensionAdjustmentMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:AdjustmentToCompensationForChangeInPensionValueFromSCTMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:AdjustmentToCompensationForServiceCostMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:AdjustmentToCompensationForEquityAdjustmentMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:AdjustmentToCompensationForEquityAdjustmentMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:EquityAwardsDeductionOfSCTStockAwardsAndOptionAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:EquityAwardsDeductionOfAverageSCTStockAwardsAndOptionAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:EquityAwardsFairValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:EquityAwardsAverageFairValueOfEquityAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:EquityAwardsChangeInValueOfPriorYearsAwardsUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:EquityAwardsChangeInAverageValueOfPriorYearsAwardsUnvestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:EquityAwardsChangeInValueOfPriorYearsAwardsThatVestedMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 pnr:EquityAwardsChangeInAverageValueOfPriorYearsAwardsThatVestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000077360 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Pentair plc (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK ALL BOXES THAT APPLY): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Letter to Shareholders David A. Jones Pentair Chair of the Board John L. Stauch Pentair President and CEO You are cordially invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Pentair plc on Tuesday, May 5, 2026, at 8:00 a.m. local time (BST). The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will be held at Claridge s, Brook Street, Mayfair, London, W1K 4HR, United Kingdom. The enclosed notice of annual general meeting and proxy statement describe the items of business that we will conduct at the meeting and provide you with important information about Pentair plc, including our practices in the areas of corporate governance and executive compensation. We strongly encourage you to read these materials and then vote your shares. Operational Excellence and Disciplined Execution continued to deliver results as we focus on initiatives to accelerate profitable growth Pentair Business System - Operational excellence and disciplined execution of the Pentair Business System drove record annual sales, continued margin expansion, and strong free cash flow generation in 2025. Our 2025 performance reflects disciplined execution across all three business segments - Flow, Water Solutions and Pool. Balanced Portfolio - We recently announced organizational and leadership updates designed to accelerate value creation for our business. We combined our Flow Residential business with our Residential business within Water Solutions, aligning go-to-market channels and creating operational synergies intended to drive increased scale, efficiency, and growth opportunities. We also welcomed incoming executive leadership and appointed leaders to new roles overseeing the updated organizational structure and our strategy, digital and innovation initiatives. How we Win Right: Advancing smart, sustainable water solutions for people and the planet Our Board is focused on our strategies to achieve our mission of helping the world sustainably move , improve and enjoy water, life s most essential resource. Throughout 2025, our board monitored our progress on our sustainability targets and strategy, which are aligned with our business strategy. As we move into 2026, we remain focused on continuing our leadership in the water industry through sustainable innovation, advancing our positive impact while furthering the resiliency of our business and driving growth. This includes continuing to deliver on our sustainability targets with a focus on water stewardship, greenhouse gas emissions reduction, and product design for sustainability. The Board is committed to governance practices that serve our shareholders interests The Board is led by an independent Chair of the Board, and all directors, other than our CEO, are independent. Importantly, the Board reviews and monitors our corporate strategy throughout the year, and allocates risk oversight among the full Board and the Board s committees. The Board also oversees our shareholder engagement program that provides an opportunity to hear directly from shareholders. Effective at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders, David Jones will be retiring from the Board. Mr. Jones has served as a director since 2003, and as our Chair since 2018. During his tenure as a director and Chair, he has contributed to and led a high-performing and collegial Board focused on strong governance and advancing the best of interests of our company and shareholders. We are immensely grateful for Mr. Jones s indelible impact on Pentair and for his leadership of our Board in creating significant shareholder value. On behalf of the entire Board, we thank you for your confidence in us. We value your investment, your input and your support. David A. Jones Pentair Chair of the Board John L. Stauch Pentair President and CEO 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 1 Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Date and Time May 5, 2026 8:00 a.m. local time (BST) Location Claridge s Brook Street Mayfair London, W1K 4HR United Kingdom Who Can Vote Shareholders as of March 6, 2026 are entitled to vote Voting Items Proposal Page Reference 1. By separate resolutions, to re-elect the following director nominees: 9 (i) Mona Abutaleb Stephenson (ii) Melissa Barra (iii) Tracey C. Doi (iv) T. Michael Glenn (v) Theodore L. Harris (vi) Gregory E. Knight (vii) Michael T. Speetzen (viii) John L. Stauch (ix) Billie I. Williamson 2. To approve, by nonbinding, advisory vote, the compensation of the named executive officers. 31 3. To ratify, by nonbinding, advisory vote, the appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the independent auditor of Pentair plc and to authorize, by binding vote, the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors to set the auditor s remuneration. 75 4. To authorize the Board of Directors to allot new shares under Irish law. 78 5. To authorize the Board of Directors to opt-out of statutory preemption rights under Irish law. 79 6. To authorize the price range at which Pentair plc can re-allot shares it holds as treasury shares under Irish law. 80 In addition, shareholders will consider and act on such other business as may properly come before the Annual General Meeting or any adjournment. Proposals 1, 2, 3, and 4 are ordinary resolutions, requiring the approval of a simple majority of the votes cast at the meeting. Proposals 5 and 6 are special resolutions, requiring the approval of not less than 75% of the votes cast. Only shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 6, 2026 are entitled to receive notice of, and vote at, the Annual General Meeting. If you are a shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting, you are entitled to appoint a proxy or proxies to attend, speak and vote on your behalf. A proxy need not be a shareholder. If you wish to appoint as proxy any person other than the individuals specified on the proxy card to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting on your behalf, please contact our Corporate Secretary at our registered office or deliver to the Corporate Secretary at our registered office a proxy card in the form set out in section 184 of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (the Companies Act ). At the Annual General Meeting, management wil l review Pentair plc s affairs and will also present Pentair plc s Irish Statutory Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and the reports of the directors and the statutory auditors thereon. By Order of the Board of Directors, Lance Bonner , Secretary March 20, 2026 2 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Voting Methods Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual General Meeting, we encourage you to vote your shares by submitting a proxy as soon as possible. If you vote by internet or telephone, have your proxy card, Notice of Internet Availability or voting instruction form in hand to access your 16-digit control number. Method Instruction Deadline By Internet You can vote over the Internet at www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions (have your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card or voting instruction form in hand when accessing the website) You must submit your proxy by internet or telephone, or your printed proxy card must be received at the address stated on the card, by no later than: u 4:59 a.m. (British Summer Time) on April 30, 2026 (11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on April 29, 2026) for shares held in the Company s retirement plans or employee stock purchase plan; or u 4:59 a.m. (British Summer Time) on May 4, 2026 (11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on May 3, 2026) for shares held of record or through a broker or bank. By Telephone You can vote by telephone by calling the number on the proxy card or voting instruction form. By Mail You can vote by mail by marking, signing and dating your proxy card or voting instruction form and returning it in the postage-paid envelope, the results of which will be forwarded to the Company s registered address electronically. Vote in Person If you plan to attend the Annual General Meeting and wish to vote your ordinary shares in person, we will give you a ballot at the meeting. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to Be Held on May 5, 2026. The Annual Report, Notice of Annual General Meeting, Proxy Statement, and Irish Statutory Financial Statements and Related Reports are available by Internet at www.proxyvote.com . Shareholders in Ireland may participate in the Annual General Meeting by audio link at Arthur Cox LLP, Ten Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, D02 T380, Ireland, at 8:00 a.m. local time (Irish Standard Time) on May 5, 2026. See Questions and Answers about the Annual General Meeting and Voting for further information on participating in the Annual General Meeting in Ireland. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 3 Table of Contents Letter to Shareholders 1 Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 2 Business and Financial Results 5 Proxy Statement Summary 6 PROPOSAL 1 Re-Elect Director Nominees 9 Board of Directors 10 202 6 Board Nominees 10 Sustainability Overview 18 Corporate Governance 19 Board Structure and Processes 19 Committees of the Board 20 Attendance at Meetings 22 Board and Committee Self-Assessments 22 Board Education 22 The Board s Role and Responsibilities 23 Other Governance Policies and Practices 24 Director Compensation 26 PROPOSAL 2 Approve, by Nonbinding, Advisory Vote, the Compensation of the Named Executive Officers 31 Compensation Committee Report 32 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 33 Named Executive Officers 33 Executive Summary 33 Our Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 37 How Executive Compensation Decisions are Made 38 Elements and Payouts of 202 5 NEO Compensation 41 Other Compensation Policies and Practices 52 Executive Compensation Tables 56 Summary Compensation Table 56 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 202 5 58 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 202 5 59 202 5 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 61 202 5 Pension Benefits 61 202 5 Non - Q ualified Deferred Compensation Table 63 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 64 CEO Pay Ratio 70 Pay Versus Performance 71 PROPOSAL 3 Ratify, by Nonbinding, Advisory Vote, the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as the Independent Auditor of Pentair plc and to Authorize, by Binding Vote, the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors to Set the Auditor s Remuneration 75 Audit Matters 76 Audit and Finance Committee Pre-approval Policy 76 Fees Paid to the Independent Auditors 76 Audit and Finance Committee Report 77 PROPOSAL 4 Authorize the Board of Directors to Allot New Shares Under Irish Law 78 PROPOSAL 5 Authorize the Board of Directors to Opt-Out of Statutory Preemption Rights Under Irish Law 79 PROPOSAL 6 Authorize the Price Range at Which Pentair plc can Re-Allot Shares it Holds as Treasury Shares Under Irish Law 80 Ownership of Pentair Securities 81 Security Ownership 81 Delinquent Section 16(a) Report 82 Questions and Answers about the Annual General Meeting and Voting 83 Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for the 202 7 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 87 Irish Disclosure of Shareholder Interests 88 202 5 Annual Report on Form 10-K 88 Reduce Duplicate Mailings 88 Appendix A Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures A- 1 Frequently Requested Information Shareholder Engagement 8 Board Leadership Structure 19 Summary of 202 5 Financial Results 33 Compensation Best Practices 37 4 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Business and Financial Results Business Overview At Pentair, we help the world sustainably move, improve and enjoy water, life s most essential resource. From our residential and commercial water solutions to industrial water management and everything in between, Pentair is an S P 500 company focused on smart, sustainable water solutions that help people and the planet thrive. Strategy Our vision is to be the world s most valued sustainable water solutions company for our employees, customers and shareholders. As a company, we: u Focus on growth in our core businesses and strategic initiatives; u Accelerate digital innovation and technology as well as sustainability investments; u Expedite growth and drive margin expansion through our Transformation Program; and u Build a high performance growth culture and deliver on our commitments while living our Win Right values. 2025 Business Results Highlights* $4.2 billion OF SALES 2% compared to FY2024 $1,053.5 million OF ADJUSTED OPERATING INCOME* 10% from FY2024 $4.92 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE* 14% from FY2024 INCREASED QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND from $0.23 $0.25 per share ADJUSTED RETURN ON SALES* of 25.2% 170bps from FY2024 $389.3 million CASH RETURNED TO SHAREHOLDERS in cash dividends and share repurchases in FY2025 FREE CASH FLOW* from continuing operations of $748.4 million 8% from FY2024 ROIC* of 16.7% * Please see Appendix A for reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures included in this section. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 5 Proxy Statement Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. Voting Matters Proposal Board Vote Recommendation Vote Required Page Reference 1. Re-Elect Director Nominees FOR each nominee Majority of votes cast 9 2. Approve, by Nonbinding, Advisory Vote, the Compensation of the Named Executive Officers FOR Majority of votes cast 31 3. Ratify, by Nonbinding, Advisory Vote, the Appointment of the Independent Auditor and Authorize, by Binding Vote, the Audit and Finance Committee to Set the Auditor s Remuneration FOR Majority of votes cast 75 4. Authorize the Board of Directors to Allot New Shares FOR Majority of votes cast 78 5. Authorize the Board of Directors to Opt-Out of Statutory Preemption Rights FOR 75% of votes cast 79 6. Authorize the Price Range at Which Pentair Can Re-Allot Treasury Shares FOR 75% of votes cast 80 Director Nominees Name and Primary Occupation Age 1 Director Since Committee Memberships AFC CC GC Mona Abutaleb Stephenson IND Chief Executive Officer, Medical Technology Solutions, LLC 63 2019 2 2 Melissa Barra IND Executive Vice President, Chief Product and Enterprise Strategy Officer, Sleep Number Corporation 54 2021 Tracey C. Doi IND Retired Group Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Toyota Motor North America 65 2023 T. Michael Glenn 3 IND Retired Executive Vice President, FedEx Corporation and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Services 70 2007 Theodore L. Harris IND Chief Executive Officer, Balchem Corporation 61 2018 4 Gregory E. Knight IND Senior Advisor, Digital Transformation, Boston Consulting Group, Inc. 58 2021 Michael T. Speetzen IND Chief Executive Officer, Polaris Inc. 56 2018 John L. Stauch President and Chief Executive Officer, Pentair plc 61 2018 Billie I. Williamson IND Retired Senior Assurance Partner, Ernst Young LLP 73 2014 AFC Audit and Finance Committee CC Compensation Committee GC Governance Committee IND Independent Committee Member Committee Chair (1) As of the date of the filing of this Proxy Statement (2) Upon completion of the Annual General Meeting, Ms. Abutaleb will join the Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee and leave the Audit and Finance Committee. (3) Upon completion of the Annual General Meeting, Mr. Glenn will serve as Chair of the Board. (4) Upon completion of the Annual General Meeting, Mr. Harris will become Chair of the Compensation Committee. 6 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Proxy Statement Summary Corporate Governance Strengths Independent Board Leadership, via an independent, non-executive Chair of the Board and all independent directors on committees Annual Election of Directors Majority Voting, required for director elections, except in the case of a contested election Proxy Access, available to shareholders who meet certain ownership, retention and other requirements set forth in our Articles of Association Share Ownership Guidelines, meaningful minimum share ownership levels for directors and executive officers with a transition period for new appointments Company Strategy, reviewed and monitored throughout the year by the Board Board and Committee Self-Assessments, conducted annually Related Person Transactions Policy, designed to avoid conflicts of interest Overboarding Policy , limiting directors to serving on a total of four public company boards or, in the case of a director serving as a CEO, a total of two public company boards Compensation Recovery Policy ( Clawback Policy ), extending beyond the minimum requirements of SEC rules and NYSE listing standards and covering time-vesting as well as performance-vesting awards Fiscal Year 2025 Executive Compensation The Compensation Committee believes that the most effective executive compensation program aligns executive initiatives with shareholder interests. The Compensation Committee seeks to accomplish this objective by rewarding the achievement of specific annual, long-term, and strategic goals that create lasting shareholder value. Elements of Compensation and Pay Mix The graphics below describe the elements of our executive compensation program and illustrate the approximate targeted mix of fixed, annual, and long-term incentive compensation we provided in 2025 to our Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers who are named in the Summary Compensation Table (the Named Executive Officers or NEOs ). These graphics also illustrate the approximate amount of target direct compensation considered at risk. This summary of fiscal year 2025 compensation should be read in connection with the Compensation Discussion and Analysis (see page 33 ). Purpose Featured Base Salary To provide fixed compensation competitive in the marketplace u Determined based on numerous factors such as competitive market conditions, level of responsibility, experience, and individual performance Annual Incentives To reward short-term performance against specific financial targets u Paid after end of one-year performance period u Based on achievement against annual company-wide and/or segment financial performance targets u Payout range of 50% of target (at threshold) to 200% of target (at maximum) u Payout subject to a +/- 10% modifier to address progress towards our three new sustainability strategic targets announced in, and for, 2025 Long-Term Incentives To link management incentives to long-term value creation and shareholder return CEO u 75% performance share units, an increase from 50% in 2024, based on achievement against three-year financial performance targets paid after end of three-year performance period u 25% stock options with a 10-year term vesting ratably on first three grant date anniversaries Other NEOs u 50% performance share units based on achievement against three-year financial performance targets paid after end of three-year performance period u 25% stock options with a 10-year term vesting ratably on first three grant date anniversaries u 25% restricted stock units vesting ratably on first three grant date anniversaries CEO n Base Salary n Management Incentive Plan (Annual Incentive) n Long-Term Incentives AVERAGE OF OTHER NEOs n Base Salary n Management Incentive Plan (Annual Incentive) n Long-Term Incentives 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 7 Proxy Statement Summary Shareholder Engagement ENGAGEMENT FEEDBACK In the fall of 2025, we reached out to our largest shareholders representing approximately 56% of our outstanding shares to engage on corporate governance, executive compensation, and sustainability matters. We engaged with shareholders who accepted our invitation, representing approximately 34% of our outstanding shares. This shareholder engagement was conducted by our independent Chair of the Board, David A. Jones, and members of management, including our Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Vice President of Investor Relations and Vice President of Sustainability. Based on our shareholder engagement, and other feedback from investors throughout the year, we believe we continue to be focused on what matters to our shareholders, including: u creating and delivering value for our customers and shareholders, u maintaining strong corporate governance, and u innovating on products and solutions to benefit people and the planet, including focusing on our sustainability efforts to drive resilient business operations. Fall 2025 Shareholder Engagement Outreach Efforts Meeting Requested: 56.2% of Outstanding Shares Engagement Meeting: 33.5% of Outstanding Shares The Board values the input of our shareholders and makes changes to our corporate governance, executive compensation and other practices that are in the best interests of our company and all shareholders based on shareholder engagement. In response to shareholder engagement during 2025, the Board took the following actions: u Provided additional disclosure about the Board s oversight of emerging risks, including Artificial Intelligence (AI) (see page 23 for more information) u Added a director skills matrix (see page 11 for more information) u Expanded our Clawback Policy to include cancellation or recoupment of time-vesting and performance-vesting equity awards in certain circumstances (see page 54 for more information) u Provided additional disclosure addressing the sustainability modifier to our MIP (see page 48 for more information) Say-on-Pay Shareholder support of our executive compensation program was reflected in our 2025 say-on-pay vote with 83.6% of votes cast in favor of our proposal. In 2025, the Compensation Committee maintained the majority of changes adopted over the last several years, which reflected the Committee s focus on pay for performance, shareholder feedback, and industry and market practices. While overall shareholder support for our executive compensation program expressed through our 2025 say-on-pay vote remained positive last year, in response to a year-over-year change in the level of support, the Compensation Committee requested that we engage with shareholders we identified as having failed to support our say-on-pay vote and to consider whether any responsive actions were advisable based on their input. As a result of the targeted engagement, the Compensation Committee reviewed our Clawback Policy and determined it was advisable to expand the policy beyond what is required under SEC rules and NYSE listing standards to cover time-vesting as well as performance-vesting awards (see page 54 for more information). Additionally, we have added disclosure addressing the sustainability modifier to our MIP (see page 48 for more information). Communicating with Directors Interested parties may communicate with the Board, non-employee directors as a group, or any individual director, including the Chair, by sending a letter addressed to the relevant party, c/o Corporate Secretary, Pentair plc, Regal House, 70 London Road, Twickenham, London, TW1 3QS, United Kingdom. Any such communications will be forwarded to the relevant addressee(s). 8 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL 1 Re-Elect Director Nominees The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee. Our Board currently has ten members. The size of our Board is limited to no fewer than seven and no more than eleven members. The term of David A. Jones, a current Director, will expire at the Annual General Meeting. Accordingly, the Board has set the number of directors that will constitute the Board effective at the Annual General Meeting at nine. On the recommendation of the Governance Committee, our Board has nominated the nine director nominees named in the resolutions below, all of whom are current directors, for re-election for a one-year term expiring on completion of the 2027 Annual General Meeting. If any of the director nominees should become unable to accept election, your proxy or proxies may vote for other persons selected by the Board. Management has no reason to believe that any of the director nominees named below will be unable to serve his or her full term if elected. Biographies of the director nominees follow. These biographies include each director s age (as of the date of the filing of this Proxy Statement); business experience; directorships in public companies and other organizations within the past five years; and a discussion of the specific experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that led to the conclusion that each should serve as a director. The text of the resolutions with respect to Proposal 1 is as follows: IT IS RESOLVED, by separate resolutions to re-elect the following nine director nominees for a term expiring on completion of the 2027 Annual General Meeting: u Mona Abutaleb Stephenson u Melissa Barra u Tracey C. Doi u T. Michael Glenn u Theodore L. Harris u Gregory E. Knight u Michael T. Speetzen u John L. Stauch u Billie I. Williamson. The Board recommends a vote FOR re-election of each director nominee. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 9 Board of Directors 2026 Board Nominees Director Qualifications, Skills and Expertise The Governance Committee and the Board recognize that the Board s contributions and effectiveness depend on the character and abilities of each director individually as well as on their collective strengths. Accordingly, the Governance Committee and the Board evaluate candidates based on several criteria. The Governance Committee and the Board seek to establish a core of strategic and business advisers with financial and management expertise. In addition, the Governance Committee and the Board consider the tenure of incumbent directors, with the goal of having a mix of shorter-tenured directors who provide fresh perspectives and longer-tenured directors who provide institutional knowledge regarding our company and our business. Directors are also chosen with a view to bringing to the Board a diversity of skills, qualifications, experiences, perspectives and backgrounds. The Board has no express policy regarding diversity of age, gender, race, ethnicity, and other characteristics. Tenure Our board refreshment has resulted in the following mix of director tenure: When considering candidates for election as directors, the Governance Committee and the Board are guided by the following principles, found in our Corporate Governance Principles: u at least a majority of the Board must consist of independent directors; u each director should be an individual of the highest character and integrity and have an inquiring mind, vision and the ability to work well with others; u each director should be free of any conflict of interest that would violate any applicable law or regulation or interfere with the proper performance of his or her responsibilities as a director; u each director should possess substantial and significant experience that could be of particular importance to us in the performance of his or her duties; u each director should have sufficient time available to devote to our affairs in order to carry out the responsibilities of a director; and u each director should have the capacity and desire to represent the balanced, best interests of the shareholders as a whole and not primarily a special interest group or constituency and be committed to enhancing long-term shareholder value. The Governance Committee in the first instance is charged with observing these policies and strives in reviewing each candidate to assess the fit of his or her qualifications with the needs of the Board and our company at that time, given the then-current mix of directors attributes. Board composition, effectiveness and processes are all subject areas of our annual Board self-assessment, which is described in more detail below under Board and Committee Self-Assessments. 10 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Board of Directors Our directors bring to the Board a balanced mix of skills, qualifications and experience that enable the Board to effectively oversee our long-term business strategy. The skills matrix below provides an overview of the areas in which our directors possess significant or deep experience and reflects the most significant skills that the Board considers in connection with board refreshment, succession planning and director nomination. The list is not comprehensive of the diverse skills that our director nominees bring to the Board, and the experience of individual directors is described in their respective biographies on the following page. Executive Leadership Includes directors with experience as a Chief Executive Officer or other executive at a large public or private company. Growth, M A and Transformation Includes directors with experience developing, implementing, or evaluating business strategy focused on organic and inorganic growth, including M A strategy or transformation. Manufacturing and Industry Includes directors with experience in manufacturing or the Company s end markets. Business Operations Includes directors with experience developing, implementing, or evaluating an operations plan or business strategy. Supply Chain and Operations Includes directors with experience in supply chain or operations. Marketing and Sales Includes directors with experience in marketing and sales. Product Innovation Includes directors with experience developing, implementing, or evaluating significant product and technology innovation strategy. IT Systems, Digital and Cybersecurity Includes directors with experience in IT systems, cybersecurity risk management, digital technology, data analytics, or emerging digital technology, including AI. Sustainability Includes directors with experience developing, implementing, or evaluating strategic business imperatives and long-term value creation through a sustainability focused business model. Product Quality and Safety, and EH S Includes directors with experience in product quality, product safety or environmental, health, and safety. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 11 Board of Directors Nominee Biographies MONA ABUTALEB STEPHENSON Chief Executive Officer, Medical Technology Solutions, LLC Independent Age: 63 Director Since: 2019 Committees: Governance* Compensation* Other Current Public Board Service: Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation (2025 present) Biography: u Chief Executive Officer of Medical Technology Solutions, LLC, a provider of technology solutions for the healthcare industry, from 2019 to present u Member of the board of directors of Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation from April 2025 to present u Member of the board of directors of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. from 2015 to April 2025 u Chief Executive Officer of mindSHIFT Technologies, Inc., an IT outsourcing/managed services and cloud services provider, from 2013 to 2018 u President and Chief Operating Officer of mindSHIFT from 2006 to 2013 u Senior Vice President of Ricoh USA from 2015 to 2017 and Executive Vice President of Ricoh Global Services from 2017 to 2018 u In 2012, mindSHIFT was acquired by Best Buy Co., Inc. and then later, in 2014, was acquired by Ricoh Company, Ltd., a leading provider of document management solutions, IT services, printing, digital cameras and industrial systems Skills Qualifications: Ms. Abutaleb has significant executive leadership experience, including in the areas of technology, cyber risk management and strategic planning. Ms. Abutaleb s experience serving on the board of a company operating in a highly regulated industry contributes to her experience overseeing governance and risk. * Upon completion of the Annual General Meeting, Ms. Abutaleb will join the Governance Committee and the Compensation Committees. She is currently a member of the Audit and Finance Committee. MELISSA BARRA Executive Vice President, Chief Product and Enterprise Strategy Officer, Sleep Number Corporation Independent Age: 54 Director Since: 2021 Committees: Audit and Finance Biography: u Executive Vice President, Chief Product and Enterprise Strategy Officer for Sleep Number Corporation, a provider of smart sleep technology, from April 2025 to present u Executive Vice President, Chief Sales and Services Officer from 2020 to April 2025, Vice President, Strategy and Consumer Insights from 2013 to 2015, Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy and Customer Relationship Officer from 2015 to 2019, and Senior Vice President, Chief Sales, Services and Strategy Officer from 2019 to 2020, since joining Sleep Number in 2013 u Senior leadership roles in strategy, corporate development and finance for Best Buy Co., Inc., a multinational consumer electronics retailer, from 2005 to 2012 u Strategy leadership and corporate finance roles at Grupo Futuro, Citibank and GE Capital Skills Qualifications: Ms. Barra has a strong background in customer experience, sales, services and strategy, as well as experience in digital transformation and information technology. Ms. Barra s operating and leadership experience, including with other public companies, allows her to provide insight on a variety of growth, customer, and human capital strategies important to our business. 12 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Board of Directors TRACEY C. DOI Retired Group Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Toyota Motor North America Independent Age: 65 Director Since: 2023 Committees: Audit and Finance Other Current Public Board Service: Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (2021 present) Biography: u Group Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Toyota Motor North America, an automobile designer and manufacturer, from 2003 to 2022 u Vice President, Corporate Controller of Toyota Motor Sales, USA from 2000 to 2003 u Member of the board of directors of Quest Diagnostics Incorporated from 2021 to present u Independent trustee for SunAmerica Series Trust and Seasons Series Trust from 2021 to present u Member of the board of directors of City National Bank, a Royal Bank of Canada Company from 2016 to 2021 Skills Qualifications: Ms. Doi has a significant executive background in corporate finance, strategic planning, transformation, operations, enterprise systems, and business analytics, and brings to our Board deep experience with a global manufacturer operating in a complex industry. T. MICHAEL GLENN Chair of the Board* and Retired Executive Vice President, FedEx Corporation and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Services Independent Age: 70 Director Since: 2007 Committees: Compensation (Chair)* Governance Other Current Public Board Service: Lumen Technologies, Inc. (2017 2026) Biography: u Member of the board of directors of Lumen Technologies, Inc. (formerly CenturyLink, Inc.), a global communications and information technology services company, from 2017 to March 2026, including as Chair of the board of directors since May 2020 u Senior Advisor to Oak Hill Capital Partners, a private equity firm, from 2017 to 2020 u Served as Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Services, responsible for all marketing, sales, customer service and retail operation functions for FedEx Corporation, from 2000 to 2016 u Executive Vice President, FedEx Corporation and member of the Executive Committee, from 1998 to 2016 u Various marketing, sales and customer service roles including senior leadership positions, from 1981 to 1998 at FedEx Corporation, a global leader of supply chain, transportation and relations information services Skills Qualifications: Mr. Glenn brings extensive strategic, marketing and communications experience to our Board from his service as one of the top leaders at FedEx Corporation. He has been an active participant in the development of our strategic plans and a strong proponent for strengthening our branding and marketing initiatives. * Upon completion of the Annual General Meeting, Mr. Glenn will serve as Chair of the Board and will no longer serve as Chair of the Compensation Committee. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 13 Board of Directors THEODORE L. HARRIS Chief Executive Officer, Balchem Corporation Independent Age: 61 Director Since: 2018 Committees: Compensation* Governance Other Current Public Board Service: Balchem Corporation (2015 present) Biography: u Chief Executive Officer and member of the board of directors of Balchem Corporation, a provider of specialty performance ingredients and products for the food, nutritional, feed, pharmaceutical, medical sterilization and industrial industries, from 2015 to present, and Chairman of Balchem s board of directors, from 2017 to present u 11 years of various senior management positions at Ashland, Inc., a global specialty chemical provider in a wide variety of markets and applications, such as architectural coatings, adhesives, automotive, construction, energy, food and beverage, personal care, and pharmaceutical, including most recently as Senior Vice President and President, Performance Materials, from 2014 to 2015 u Senior Vice President and President, Performance Materials Ashland Supply Chain from 2011 to 2014, and prior to that, Vice President and President, Performance Materials Ashland Supply Chain u Variety of senior level roles for FMC Corporation, a global provider of crop-protection products, from 1993 to 2004, including General Manager of the Food Ingredients Business Skills Qualifications: Mr. Harris brings to our Board broad managerial, international, operational, financial and sales experience, as well as his track record of leading businesses with complex, global supply chains, and developing worldwide marketing strategies and his strong connectivity to consumer end markets. * Upon completion of the Annual General Meeting, Mr. Harris will serve as Chair of the Compensation Committee Chair. GREGORY E. KNIGHT Senior Advisor, Digital Transformation, Boston Consulting Group, Inc. Independent Age: 58 Director Since: 2021 Committees: Audit and Finance Other Current Public Board Service: Fortis Inc. (2025 present) Biography: u Senior Advisor, Digital Transformation at Boston Consulting Group, Inc., a global consulting firm, from 2023 to present u Member of the board of directors at Fortis, Inc. from January 2025 to present u Executive Vice President, Customer Transformation and Business Services of CenterPoint Energy, Inc., an energy delivery company, from 2020 to 2023 u Chief Customer Officer, US Energy and Utilities, of National Grid US, an energy delivery company, from 2019 to 2020 u Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer, Utility and Commercial Businesses, from 2014 to 2019 and Division Vice President, Customer Services, from 2009 to 2014, at CenterPoint Energy u Various management positions at Ricoh Americas Corporation, from 2004 to 2009, Reliant retail energy, from 2001 to 2004, Allen Knight Inc., from 2000 to 2001, and Verizon, from 1992 to 2000 Skills Qualifications: Mr. Knight brings to our Board a strong background in sales, brand, marketing and customer experience in both business-to-business and business-to-customer environments in retail energy and utilities. Mr. Knight also brings executive leadership in large-scale enterprise information technology, digital transformation and cyber security. 14 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Board of Directors MICHAEL T. SPEETZEN Chief Executive Officer, Polaris Inc. Independent Age: 56 Director Since: 2018 Committees: Audit and Finance (Chair) Other Current Public Board Service: Polaris Inc. (2021 present) Biography: u Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Polaris Inc., a global powersports leader with a product line-up that includes side-by-side and all-terrain off-road vehicles, motorcycles, boats, and snowmobiles, from 2021 to present u Interim Chief Executive Officer, from January to May 2021, and Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, from 2015 to 2020, prior to his current role at Polaris u Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Xylem Inc., a leading global water technology equipment and service provider, from 2011 to 2015 u Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ITT Fluid and Motion Control, from 2009 to 2011, Chief Financial Officer for the StandardAero division of the private equity firm Dubai Aerospace Enterprise Ltd., from 2007 to 2009, and various positions of increasing responsibility in the finance functions at Honeywell International Inc. and General Electric Company, prior to joining Xylem Skills Qualifications: Mr. Speetzen brings to our Board extensive financial experience as well as knowledge of global markets, transacting international business, and broad managerial and operational experience. JOHN L. STAUCH President and Chief Executive Officer, Pentair plc Age: 61 Director Since: 2018 Other Current Public Board Service: Deluxe Corporation (2016 present) Biography: u President and Chief Executive Officer of Pentair plc, from 2018 to present, having previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Pentair, from 2007 to 2018 u Chief Financial Officer of the Automation and Control Systems unit of Honeywell International Inc., from 2005 to 2007 u Chief Financial Officer and Information Technology Director of PerkinElmer Optoelectronics and various executive, investor relations and managerial finance positions within Honeywell and its predecessor, AlliedSignal Inc., from 1994 to 2005 u Director of Deluxe Corporation, from 2016 to present, where he is currently chair of the audit and finance committee and a member of the corporate governance committee Skills Qualifications: Mr. Stauch brings to our Board extensive knowledge of Pentair as our President and Chief Executive Officer and former Chief Financial Officer and extensive experience as a financial executive with many aspects of public company strategy and operations. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 15 Board of Directors BILLIE I. WILLIAMSON Retired Senior Assurance Partner, Ernst Young LLP Independent Age: 73 Director Since: 2014 Committees: Governance (Chair) Compensation Other Current Public Board Service: Cricut Inc. (2021 present) Cushman Wakefield plc (2018 present) Biography: u Over 32 years of experience auditing public companies as an employee and partner of Ernst Young LLP, from 1974 to 1993 and 1998 to 2011 u Member of the board of directors of Cricut Inc. from 2021 to present u Member of the board of directors of Cushman Wakefield from 2018 to present u Senior Assurance Partner at Ernst Young from 1998 to 2011 u Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller at Marriott International, Inc. from 1996 to 1998 u Chief Financial Officer at AMX Corporation from 1993 to 1996 u Served as Ernst Young s Americas Inclusiveness Officer, a member of its Americas Executive Board, which functions as the board of directors for Ernst Young dealing with strategic and operational matters, and a member of the Ernst Young U.S. Executive Board responsible for partnership matters for the firm u Member of the boards of directors of Kraton Corporation from 2018 to 2022, XL Group Ltd., in 2018, CSRA Inc., from 2015 to 2018, Janus Capital Group Inc., from 2015 to 2017, Exelis Inc., from 2012 to 2015, and Annie s Inc., from 2012 to 2014 Skills Qualifications: Ms. Williamson brings to our Board extensive financial and accounting knowledge and experience, including her service as a principal financial officer and an independent auditor to numerous Fortune 250 companies and her professional training and standing as a Certified Public Accountant, as well as her broad experience with SEC reporting and governance matters. 16 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Board of Directors Director Independence The Board, based on the recommendation of the Governance Committee, determines the independence of each director based upon the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) listing standards and the categorical standards of independence included in our Corporate Governance Principles. Based on these standards, the Board has affirmatively determined that all of our non-employee directors (i.e., Mses. Abutaleb, Barra, Doi, and Williamson and Messrs. Glenn, Harris, Jones, Knight, and Speetzen) are independent and have no material relationship with us (including our directors and officers) that would interfere with their exercise of independent judgment. Mr. Stauch, our President and Chief Executive Officer, is the only director who is not independent. 9/10 DIRECTORS ARE INDEPENDENT All Board committees are comprised solely of independent directors In determining independence, our Board and Governance Committee consider, among other things, circumstances where a director serves as an employee of another company that is a customer or supplier. The Board and Governance Committee have reviewed each of the relationships set forth below. In every case, the relationship involves sales to, or purchases from, the other company that for 2025, were (a) less than the greater of $1 million or 2% of that organization s consolidated gross revenues during 2025; and (b) not of an amount or nature that impeded the director s exercise of independent judgment. Director Relationship(s) Considered Mr. Speetzen Chief Executive Officer, Polaris Inc. Shareholder Recommendations, Nominations and Proxy Access Our Corporate Governance Principles provide that the Governance Committee will consider persons properly recommended by shareholders to become nominees for election as directors in accordance with the criteria described above under Director Qualifications, Skills and Expertise. Recommendations for consideration by the Governance Committee, together with appropriate biographical information concerning each proposed nominee, should be sent in writing to c/o Corporate Secretary, Pentair plc, Regal House, 70 London Road, Twickenham, London, TW1 3QS, United Kingdom. Our Articles of Association set forth procedures to be followed by shareholders who wish to nominate candidates for election as directors in connection with an Annual General Meeting. All such nominations must be accompanied by certain background and other information specified in the Articles of Association and submitted within the timing requirements set forth in the Articles of Association. See Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for the 2027 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders below for more information. In addition, eligible shareholders may under certain circumstances be able to nominate and include in our proxy materials a specified number of candidates for election as directors under the proxy access provisions in our Articles of Association. All such nominations must be accompanied by certain background and other information specified in our Articles of Association and submitted within the timing requirements set forth in our Articles of Association. See Shareholder Proposals and Nominations for the 2027 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders below for more information. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 17 Sustainability Overview We are focused on creating a better world for people and the planet through smart, sustainable water solutions. We are committed to continue building on our Win Right values and culture by contributing to the development of a sustainable and responsible society that we believe will help drive our future growth. ENVIRONMENT We are focused on strategic targets associated with restoration of water volume withdrawn by Pentair manufacturing sites in high-water-stress areas annually, reducing our baseline greenhouse gas emissions and assessing new products against our sustainability scorecard. PEOPLE We are focused on enhancing our efforts to engage our suppliers, customers and employees. We partner with our suppliers to build a more sustainable supply chain, including through our supplier code of conduct. We are also focused on continuing our employee engagement efforts. We also remain committed to providing a safe and inclusive workplace for all our employees. For more information on our sustainability efforts, please visit the Sustainability page of our website, where our reports on sustainability and corporate responsibility are located. This information and the reports are not incorporated by reference herein and do not constitute a part of this Proxy Statement. Sustainability Governance Our Board oversees our environmental, social and governance strategies, including sustainability strategic targets, communications, and risks. In addition, the Governance Committee oversees our sustainability strategy and risks, including business sustainability risks. Our Vice President of Sustainability leads Pentair s sustainability programs and reports to our Chief Strategy, Innovation and Digital Officer. Regular updates on our sustainability program are provided to the Governance Committee, and at least annually to the full Board. Under the leadership of our Vice President of Sustainability, we have a team of professionals dedicated to executing our sustainability strategy and managing sustainability policies, programs, initiatives and reporting. Cross functional leaders work with our dedicated sustainability team to integrate sustainability into their functions and businesses and drive a sustainability culture. Through our enterprise risk management and business risk review process, we assess severe weather and climate risks across our portfolio. Our risk assessments provide us with insights for determining applicable management and mitigation measures so that we can take appropriate preventative steps to improve and promote business resiliency and continuity for our operations and our customers. We have internal audit and third-party assurance processes to assess our procedures. Our efforts center around our culture of Winning Right, which includes focusing on compliance and continuing to prioritize providing a safe environment for our employees. 18 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Board Structure and Processes We and our Board are committed to the highest standards of corporate governance and ethics. As part of this commitment, the Board has adopted a set of Corporate Governance Principles that sets forth our policies on: u selection and composition of the Board; u Board leadership; u Board performance; u responsibilities of the Board; u the Board s relationship to senior management; u meeting procedures; u Board committee matters; and u succession planning and leadership development. The Board regularly reviews and, if appropriate, revises the Corporate Governance Principles and other governance documents, including the charters of its Audit and Finance, Compensation, and Governance committees, in accordance with rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), the NYSE and Irish law. Copies of these documents are available on our website at https://www.pentair.com/en-us/about-pentair/corporate-governance.html . Board Leadership Structure We do not have a policy requiring the positions of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer to be held by different persons. Rather, the Board has the discretion to determine whether the positions should be combined or separated. Since 2018, the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board have been separated. The Board considers this leadership structure each year and continues to believe that it remains appropriate for our company to serve our shareholders by allowing our Chief Executive Officer to focus on business operations. Mr. Stauch is our Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Jones, an independent member of the Board, currently serves as Chair of the Board. Upon completion of the Annual General Meeting, Mr. Glenn, an independent member of the Board, will serve as Chair of the Board. The role of the Chair is to provide independent leadership to the Board, act as liaison between and among the non-employee directors and our company, and seek to ensure that the Board operates independently of management. T. MICHAEL GLENN Chair of the Board* * Upon completion of the Annual General Meeting, Mr. Glenn will serve as Chair of the Board. The Chair s principal responsibilities include: u leading meetings of the Board; u presiding over all executive sessions of the Board; u in conjunction with the Chair of the Compensation Committee, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer on the Board s annual review of his performance; u approving the agenda for Board meetings, including scheduling to assure sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items; u in conjunction with the Committee Chairs, ensuring an appropriate flow of information to the Board; u holding one-on-one discussions with individual directors when requested by directors or the Board; and u carrying out other duties as requested by the Board. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 19 Corporate Governance Committees of the Board The Board has three standing committees comprised solely of independent directors: the Audit and Finance Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Governance Committee. The committee members also meet in executive session without management present at each regularly scheduled meeting. The information below reflects the number of meetings of the Board and each committee held during fiscal year 2025. The information below regarding committee membership lists the current members. 6 Meetings of the Board of Directors 8 Meetings of the Audit and Finance Committee 4 Meetings of the Compensation Committee 4 Meetings of the Governance Committee Audit and Finance Committee Role: u Responsible for, among other things, assisting the Board with oversight of our accounting and financial reporting processes, oversight of our financing strategy, investment policies and financial condition, and audits of our financial statements. These responsibilities include the integrity of the financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the independence and qualifications of our external auditor and the performance of our internal audit function and of the external auditor. u Meets periodically with management to review and oversee risk exposures related to information security, cyber security and data protection, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. u Reviews and discusses disclosure of non-GAAP measures. u Directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, evaluation, terms of engagement (including retention and termination), and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm. u Discusses with the independent auditor any critical audit matters. u Holds meetings regularly with our independent and internal auditors, the Board, and management to review and monitor the adequacy and effectiveness of reporting, internal controls, risk assessment and compliance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and other policies. Members: Michael T. Speetzen (Chair), Mona Abutaleb Stephenson, Melissa Barra, Tracey C. Doi, and Gregory E. Knight. Upon completion of the Annual General Meeting, Ms. Abutaleb will leave the Audit and Finance Committee. All members have been determined to be independent under SEC and NYSE rules. Report: You can find the Audit and Finance Committee Report under Audit and Finance Committee Report. Financial Experts: The Board has determined that all members of the Committee are financially literate under NYSE rules and that Ms. Doi and Mr. Speetzen qualify as audit committee financial experts under SEC standards. 20 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Role: u Approves, amends and administers the policies that govern executive compensation. This includes establishing and reviewing executive base salaries and administering cash bonus and equity-based compensation under the Pentair plc 2020 Share and Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). u Sets the Chief Executive Officer s compensation in conjunction with the Board s annual evaluation of his performance. u Has engaged Aon Consulting, a human resources consulting firm, to aid the Committee in its annual review of our executive compensation program for continuing appropriateness and reasonableness and to make recommendations regarding executive officer compensation levels and structures. In reviewing our executive compensation program, the Committee also considers other sources to evaluate external market, industry and peer-company practices. Information regarding the independence of Aon Consulting is included under the Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Consultant section of this Proxy Statement. A more complete description of the Committee s practices can be found under the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement under the headings Comparative Framework and Compensation Consultant. Members: T. Michael Glenn (Chair), Theodore L. Harris, David A. Jones, and Billie I. Williamson. The term of Mr. Jones as a Director will expire at the Annual General Meeting and he will no longer serve as a member of the Compensation Committee upon completion of the Annual General Meeting. Upon the completion of the Annual General Meeting, Ms. Abutaleb will join the Compensation Committee and Mr. Harris will become Chair of the Compensation Committee. All current and proposed members have been determined to be independent under SEC and NYSE rules. Report: You can find the Compensation Committee Report under the Compensation Committee Report section of this Proxy Statement. Governance Committee Role: u Responsible for, among other things, identifying individuals suited to become directors and recommending nominees to the Board for election at Annual General Meetings. u Monitors developments in director compensation and, as appropriate, recommends changes in director compensation to the Board. u Responsible for reviewing annually, and recommending to the Board, changes to our Corporate Governance Principles and administering the annual Board and Board committee self-assessments. u Oversees public policy matters and compliance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and other policies. u Oversees the sustainability of the Company s business operations and practices regarding environmental, social and political matters. Members: Billie I. Williamson (Chair), T. Michael Glenn, Theodore L. Harris, and David A. Jones. The term of Mr. Jones as a Director will expire at the Annual General Meeting and he will no longer serve as a member of the Governance Committee upon completion of the Annual General Meeting. Upon the completion of the Annual General Meeting, Ms. Abutaleb will join the Governance Committee. All members have been determined to be independent under NYSE rules. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 21 Corporate Governance Attendance at Meetings Members of the Board are expected to attend all scheduled meetings of the Board and the committees on which they serve and all Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings of Shareholders. In 2025, all current directors attended 100% of the meetings of the Board and meetings of the committees on which they served. In each regularly scheduled Board meeting, the independent directors also met in executive session, without the Chief Executive Officer or other members of management present. All of the current directors who were then-serving attended the 2025 Annual General Meeting in person. Board and Committee Self-Assessments The Board annually conducts a self-assessment of the Board and each committee in addition to verbal assessments conducted at the end of Board and committee meetings. In 2025, the annual assessment process consisted of individual meetings between the Chair and each director to discuss his or her assessment of the Board, and a written evaluation of the Board and each committee by its members comprising both quantitative scoring and narrative comments on a range of topics, including: Self-Assessment Topics u Composition and structure of the Board u Type and frequency of communications and information provided to the Board and the committees u Board effectiveness in carrying out its functions and responsibilities u Effectiveness of the committee structure u Director preparation and participation in meetings u Value and culture displayed by directors The written evaluation responses were compiled by a third party. The committees evaluation results were shared with the committee Chairs who each led a discussion of the assessment at the following regular committee or Board meeting. The results of the written Board evaluations were shared with the Chair of the Board and Governance Committee Chair who led a discussion of the assessment at the following Board meeting. Board Education Board education is an ongoing, year-round process, which begins when a director joins our Board. Upon joining our Board, new directors are provided with a comprehensive orientation to our company, including our business, strategy and governance. For example, new directors typically participate in one-on-one introductory meetings with our senior business and functional leaders. On an ongoing basis, directors receive presentations on a variety of topics related to their work on the Board and within the industry, both from senior management and from experts outside of our company. Directors may also enroll in continuing education programs sponsored by third parties at our expense. 22 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance The Board s Role and Responsibilities Oversight of Risks The Board is responsible for general oversight of our risk management. The Board focuses on the most significant and material risks facing us and helps to ensure management develops and implements controls and appropriate risk mitigation strategies. At the direction of the Board, we have instituted an enterprise-wide risk management process that identifies potential exposure to risks that arise in the course of our business. The Board as a whole, and not a separate committee, oversees our enterprise risk management process in order to leverage the diversity of skills, qualifications, experiences, perspectives and backgrounds of our directors in addressing the risks our business may encounter. Each of our Board committees has historically focused, and continues to focus, on specific risks within its respective area of responsibility and regularly reports to the full Board. The Board also tracks emerging risks, including risks associated with the emergence of AI. Risks associated with AI and our AI governance program are overseen by the full Board, and the Board receives updates on this topic, including AI governance, at least annually from our Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer. The Board uses our enterprise-wide risk management system as a key tool for understanding the risks facing us, as well as assessing whether management s processes, procedures and practices for mitigating those risks are effective. Our General Counsel is the primary person responsible to the Board in the planning, assessment and reporting of our risk profile and this risk management system. The Board reviews and discusses an assessment of, and a report on, our risk profile on a regular basis, including reports on strategic, operational, financial, talent, technology and information technology, including cybersecurity risk , legal and compliance risks, and AI risks as described above. We believe that our leadership structure supports the Board s risk oversight function. There is open communication between management and the Board, and all directors are involved in the risk oversight function. The general risk oversight functions among the Board and its Committee are set forth below. For more detail on the specific oversight and responsibilities of each Committee, see pages 20 - 21 . Board of Directors u General oversight of risk management u Oversight of enterprise risk management process u Assessment of management's processes, procedures and practices Audit and Finance Committee u Accounting and financial controls u Financial statement integrity u Financial risk exposures u Tax policy and compliance u Information security, cyber security and data protection u Other financial-related compliance matters Compensation Committee u Risks related to compensation programs u Risks related to compensation policies Governance Committee u Risks related to corporate governance structure and processes (including director qualifications and independence) u Code of Business Conduct and Ethics u Other corporate-related compliance matters, including health and safety issues u Business sustainability risks, including environmental, social and political matters Management u Assessment and oversight of potential risks u Development and implementation of controls and risk mitigation strategies u Administration of enterprise-wide risk management system Representative Risks Covered u Strategic u Operational u Financial u Talent u Technology and Information technology, including AI u Legal and regulatory compliance 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 23 Corporate Governance Oversight of Strategy At least once per year, the Board and senior management engage in an in-depth strategic review of our company s outlook and strategy, which is designed to create long-term shareholder value and serves as the foundation upon which goals are established. Throughout the year, the Board reviews our strategy and monitors management s progress against such goals. Holds annual strategy review, including presentations from, and engagement with, Company senior management Routinely engages with senior management on critical business matters tied to Company strategy Regularly meets with broad spectrum of senior leaders to assess talent pipeline Oversight of Succession Planning The Board views its role in succession planning and talent development as a key responsibility. At least once per year, usually as part of the annual talent review process, the Board discusses and reviews the succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer position and other executive officers and key contributors. The Board becomes familiar with potential successors for key management positions through various means, including annual talent reviews, presentations to the Board and communications outside of meetings. Our succession planning process is an organization-wide practice designed to proactively identify, develop and retain the leadership talent that is critical for our future business success. Other Governance Policies and Practices Code of Business Conduct and Ethics The Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ( Code of Conduct ) that applies to all of our employees, contractors, directors and executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers. Pentair s Code of Conduct requires employees to act with the highest levels of ethics and integrity and to treat others in a fair and equitable manner. A copy of our Code of Conduct is available on our website at https://www.pentair.com/en-us/about-pentair/corporate-governance.html . Insider Trading Policy, Including Prohibiting Hedging and Pledging Policies Our Board has adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of Pentair securities by our directors, officers, employees and the Company itself that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulation, and the exchange listing standards applicable to the Company. The policy prohibits buying or selling Pentair securities while aware of material non-public information about our Company and from disclosing ( tipping ) such information to others, except in limited circumstances described in the policy. The policy also includes information on trading windows and pre-clearance requirements to facilitate compliance with these general prohibitions. 24 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance In addition, the policy prohibits our executive officers, directors and other employees from purchasing financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds) or otherwise engaging in transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of Pentair securities. Prohibited transactions include transactions in puts, calls, cashless collars, options (other than options issued by Pentair to acquire Pentair securities), short sales and similar rights and obligations. This restriction applies to all Pentair securities owned directly or indirectly by the individual, including Pentair securities owned by their family members and their respective designees. Nothing in our policy precludes an executive officer, director or employee, or their designees, from engaging in general portfolio diversification or investing in broad-based index funds. In addition, our executive officers, directors and other employees, as well as their family members, are prohibited from holding Pentair securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Pentair securities as collateral for a loan. Our Insider Trading Policy is filed as an exhibit to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Policies and Procedures Regarding Related Person Transactions Our Board has adopted written policies and procedures regarding related person transactions. For purposes of these policies and procedures: u a related person means any of our directors, executive officers or 5% shareholders or any of their immediate family members; and u a related person transaction generally is a transaction with us in which a related person has a direct or indirect material interest and the amount will, or may reasonably be expected to, exceed $120,000 in any fiscal year. Potential related person transactions must be disclosed and brought to the attention of the Governance Committee directly or to the General Counsel for transmission to the Governance Committee. The Governance Committee will review all related person transactions and either approve or disapprove of the entry into the related person transaction, which will occur in advance of entry into the related person transaction whenever reasonably possible. In determining whether to approve a related person transaction, the Governance Committee will consider the following factors, among others, to the extent deemed relevant by the Governance Committee: u the nature and extent of the related person s interest in the transaction; u whether the terms of the related person transaction are fair to us and on terms at least as favorable as would apply if the other party had no affiliation with any of our directors, executive officers or 5% shareholders; u whether there are demonstrable business reasons for us to enter into the related person transaction; u whether the related person transaction could impair the independence of a director under our Corporate Governance Principles standards for director independence; u whether the related person transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any of our directors or executive officers, taking into account the size of the transaction and the overall financial position of the director or executive officer; and u the direct or indirect nature of the interest of the director or executive officer in the transaction, the ongoing nature of the relationship and any other factors the Governance Committee deems relevant. The Governance Committee will not approve nor ratify any related person transaction that is inconsistent with our interests or those of our shareholders. We had no related person transactions during 2025. To our knowledge, no related person transactions are currently proposed. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 25 Corporate Governance Director Commitments Our directors are encouraged to limit the number of other boards of directors on which they serve in order to permit more effective participation. Our Corporate Governance Principles provide that a director who serves as an executive officer of a public company is limited to two public company boards of directors, consisting of the director s employer s board and our Board; and four public company boards (including our Board) for directors who do not serve as public company executive officers. In each case, the Board may approve an exception to the overboarding policy. Director Compensation The Governance Committee annually reviews the compensation of our non-employee directors and makes recommendations to the Board. Our independent directors approve our director compensation. We use a combination of cash and equity-based incentive compensation to attract and retain qualified directors. Compensation of our directors reflects our belief that a significant portion of directors compensation should be tied to long-term growth in shareholder value. In addition, we provide a Products and Services Program for Directors that is intended to encourage the use and promotion of Pentair s products and service offerings by our directors, and for our directors to have first-hand knowledge of our customers experiences. Directors are eligible for a maximum of $50,000 of products and services annually. We cover sales taxes on the products and services and directors are responsible for paying associated income taxes. Finally, we also provide a tax equalization payment to non-employee directors on (i) any U.K. taxes that may be due on account of our company s payment of, or reimbursement for, lodging incidental to Board and Board committee meetings, and (ii) reimbursement of fees and expenses in connection with the preparation of U.K. tax returns. In addition, for the purposes of limiting double-taxation on U.K. sourced income, non-employee directors are eligible to receive tax equalization payments if the income taxes owed on U.K. sourced income exceed the income tax rates relative to their countries of residence. Mr. Stauch, our only employee-director, is not separately compensated for service as a member of the Board. In December 2024, Aon Consulting reviewed our director compensation with the Governance Committee against the director compensation of our Comparator Group, which is the same compensation benchmarking peer group referenced in the Comparative Framework. Based on this review and the recommendation of the Governance Committee, our independent directors approved the following changes to director compensation effective January 1, 2025: u Non-employee chair supplemental retainer increased from $175,000 to $180,000; and u Annual equity grant increased from $160,000 to $165,000. 26 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Director Retainers The annual retainers for non-employee directors service on the Board and Board committees during 2025 were as follows: Director and Board Committee Membership Cash Retainers ($) Board Retainer 105,000 Non-Employee Director Chair Supplemental Retainer 180,000 Supplemental Committees Retainers Chair ($) Member ($) Audit and Finance 25,000 13,500 Compensation 20,000 7,500 Governance 20,000 7,500 In December 2025, Aon Consulting again reviewed our director compensation with the Governance Committee based on the director compensation practices of our peer group. Based on this review, our independent directors approved the same level of director compensation for 2026. Equity Awards Non-employee directors receive an annual equity grant as a part of their compensation. The full value of the annual equity grant is delivered in the form of restricted stock units. The restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. Each restricted stock unit represents the right to receive one ordinary share upon vesting. The restricted stock units accrue dividend equivalents that will be paid out in ordinary shares if and when the award vests. The annual grant for 2025, as approved by our independent directors based on the recommendation from the Governance Committee, was valued at $165,000 and was granted on January 2, 2025. Based on the review of director compensation by Aon Consulting and the recommendation of the Governance Committee, our independent directors approved an annual grant for 2026 valued at $165,000, which was granted on January 2, 2026. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 27 Corporate Governance Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors Our Corporate Governance Principles establish that non-employee directors should acquire and hold our company shares or share equivalents at a level of five times the annual board retainer. Stock Ownership for Non-Employee Directors Serving as of December 31, 2025 Share Ownership (1) 12/31/2025 Market Value ($) (2) Ownership Guideline ($) Meets Guideline (3) Mona Abutaleb Stephenson 15,272 1,590,426 525,000 Yes Melissa Barra 6,413 667,850 525,000 Yes Tracey C. Doi 4,254 443,012 525,000 No T. Michael Glenn 36,828 3,835,268 525,000 Yes Theodore L. Harris 16,036 1,669,989 525,000 Yes David A. Jones 84,770 8,827,948 525,000 Yes Gregory E. Knight 9,177 955,693 525,000 Yes Michael T. Speetzen 15,990 1,665,199 525,000 Yes Billie I. Williamson 22,594 2,352,939 525,000 Yes (1) The amounts in this column include ordinary shares owned by the director, both directly and indirectly, and unvested restricted stock units. (2) Based on the closing market price for our ordinary shares on December 31, 2025 of $104.14. (3) Non-employee directors have five years after their election as a director to meet the stock ownership guidelines. All directors have met or are on track to meet the guidelines. 28 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Corporate Governance Director Compensation Table The table below summarizes the compensation that we paid to non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2025. (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Option Awards ($) (2) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Change in Pension Value and Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Mona Abutaleb Stephenson 118,500 164,957 102,059 385,516 Melissa Barra 118,500 164,957 61,679 345,136 Tracey C. Doi 118,500 164,957 53,376 336,833 T. Michael Glenn 140,000 164,957 167,844 472,801 Theodore L. Harris 120,000 164,957 68,793 353,750 David A. Jones 300,000 164,957 120,990 585,947 Gregory E. Knight 118,500 164,957 62,281 345,738 Michael T. Speetzen 143,500 164,957 68,082 376,539 Billie I. Williamson 140,000 164,957 66,938 371,895 (1) The amounts in column (c) represent the aggregate grant date fair value, computed in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 718 ( ASC 718 ), of restricted stock units granted during 2025. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in note 13 to our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2026. As of December 31, 2025, each then-serving director had the unvested restricted stock units and deferred share units shown in the table below. Name Unvested Restricted Stock Units Deferred Share Units Mona Abutaleb Stephenson 1,643 Melissa Barra 1,643 Tracey C. Doi 1,643 T. Michael Glenn 1,643 1,977 Theodore L. Harris 1,643 David A. Jones 1,643 56,798 Gregory E. Knight 1,643 Michael T. Speetzen 1,643 Billie I. Williamson 1,643 (2) No stock options were granted to our non-employee directors during 2025. As of December 31, 2025, each then-serving non-employee director had the outstanding stock options shown in the table below. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 29 Corporate Governance Name Outstanding Stock Options Mona Abutaleb Stephenson Melissa Barra Tracey C. Doi T. Michael Glenn 5,244 Theodore L. Harris David A. Jones 5,244 Gregory E. Knight Michael T. Speetzen Billie I. Williamson (3) The amounts in column (g) for 2025 include: (a) amounts representing at least the aggregate incremental cost of the products and services acquired by all directors through Pentair s Products and Services Program for Directors; and (b) tax equalization payments on any U.K. taxes paid on account of our company s payment of, or reimbursement for, (i) lodging expenses incidental to Board and Board committee meetings, (ii) fees and expenses in connection with assistance in the preparation of U.K. tax returns, and (iii) any U.K. tax equalization payment. The directors also occasionally receive personal use of event tickets when such tickets are not being used for business purposes for which we have no aggregate incremental cost. 30 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement PROPOSAL 2 Approve, by Nonbinding, Advisory Vote, the Compensation of the Named Executive Officers The Board recommends a vote FOR approval of the compensation of the Named Executive Officers See discussion beginning on page 33 for further information about the compensation of the Named Executive Officers In accordance with Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Board is asking the shareholders to approve, by nonbinding, advisory vote, the compensation of the Named Executive Officers disclosed in the sections below titled Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Executive Compensation Tables. We currently hold these votes annually. Executive compensation is an important matter to the Board and the Compensation Committee and to our shareholders. We have designed our executive compensation program to align executive and shareholder interests by rewarding the achievement of specific annual, long-term, and strategic goals that create long-term shareholder value. We believe that our executive compensation program provides competitive compensation that motivates and rewards executives for achieving financial and strategic objectives, provides rewards commensurate with performance to incentivize the Named Executive Officers to perform at their highest levels, encourages growth and innovation, attracts and retains the Named Executive Officers and other key executives, and aligns our executive compensation with shareholders interests through the use of equity-based incentive awards. The Compensation Committee has overseen the development and implementation of our executive compensation program in line with these compensation objectives. The Compensation Committee continuously reviews, evaluates and updates our executive compensation program to ensure that we provide competitive compensation that motivates the Named Executive Officers to perform at their highest levels while increasing long-term value to our shareholders. As described in detail under Compensation Discussion and Analysis Shareholder Outreach, we continued our shareholder outreach on this and other matters in 2025. These and other actions demonstrate our continued commitment to align executive compensation with shareholders interests while providing competitive compensation to attract, motivate and retain the Named Executive Officers and other key executives. We will continue to review and adjust our executive compensation program with these goals in mind to ensure the long-term success of our company and generate increased long-term value to our shareholders. This nonbinding, advisory vote gives you an opportunity to express your views about our executive compensation program. As we further align our executive compensation program with the interests of our shareholders while continuing to retain key talented executives who drive our company s success, we ask that you approve on an advisory basis the compensation of the Named Executive Officers. The resolution in respect of this Proposal 2 is an ordinary resolution. The text of the resolution with respect to Proposal 2 is as follows: IT IS RESOLVED , that, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the compensation of Pentair plc s Named Executive Officers as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the accompanying tables and the related disclosures contained in Pentair plc s Proxy Statement is hereby approved. Each of the Board and the Compensation Committee recommends a vote FOR the approval of the compensation of the Named Executive Officers. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 31 Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based on such review and discussions, the Committee has recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Proxy Statement and incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE T. Michael Glenn, Chair Theodore L. Harris David A. Jones Billie I. Williamson 32 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis Named Executive Officers The Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the compensation programs in regard to the following named executive officers ( Named Executive Officers ) for 2025: JOHN L. STAUCH ROBERT P. FISHMAN JEROME O. PEDRETTI DE MON L. WIGGINS ADRIAN C. CHIU President and Chief Executive Officer Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer* Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer, Pool Executive Vice President and President, Flow** Executive Vice President and President, Water Solutions*** * Effective March 1, 2026, Mr. Fishman elected to resign from the role of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. ** Effective March 1, 2026, Mr. Wiggins title changed to Executive Vice President and President, Flow and Water Solutions. *** Effective March 1, 2026, Mr. Chiu s title changed to Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy, Innovation and Digital Officer. Executive Summary 2025 Highlights and Business Results* In 2025, we achieved record 1 annual sales, adjusted operating income, adjusted return on sales and adjusted earnings per share. Our adjusted return on sales expanded to a record 1 25.2%, including a record 1 annual return on sales across each of our Flow, Water Solutions, and Pool segments. Our financial results reflected the tangible impact of our Transformation initiatives and 80/20 approach, which have enabled us to streamline operations, invest in differentiated products, and deliver consistent margin expansion. Further, we reported record 1 free cash flow of $748 million in 2025. Additionally, during 2025, we launched several notable new product innovations including the Xcentric Impeller in our Flow business, PFAS Everpure filtration in our Water Solutions business, the award-winning Manitowoc Ice NEO, and IntelliVibe lights and IntelliChlor Plus in our Pool business. The sale of our commercial services business and the acquisition of Hydra-Stop in 2025 furthered our strategy to focus on higher-growth, higher-margin businesses, which we believe positions us well to lead in the water industry in 2026. 1 Record results refer to results of our continuing operations for the period post the nVent separation from Pentair in 2018. Summary of 2025 Financial Results* In 2025, as compared to 2024, we increased our adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations by 13.6% to $4.92 . Our sales during 2025 were $4,176.0 million, up 2.3% compared to sales from the prior year . Our adjusted operating income in 2025 grew 9.8% from 2024, to $1,053.5 million for 2025. Our free cash flow from continuing operations was $748.4 million for 2025, an increase of 8.0% from 2024. In addition, we repurchased 2.3 million ordinary shares and increased the cash dividend for the 49th consecutive year, returning a total of $389.3 million to our shareholders during 2025. * Please see Appendix A for reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures included in this section. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 33 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Adjusted EPS Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations ( EPS ) were $3.93 in 2025, compared to $3.74 in 2024. On an adjusted basis, EPS increased 13.6% to $4.92 in 2025, compared to $4.33 in 2024. Adjusted EPS is a key metric in our performance share unit awards, detailed on page 49 . $US p 10.2% 3-Year CAGR 13.6% 1 Year Adjusted Operating Income Operating income in 2025 was $858 million, compared to $804 million in 2024. On an adjusted basis, our adjusted operating income increased 9.8% over the prior year to $1,054 million in 2025 from $959 million in 2024. Adjusted operating income as a percent of sales increased to 25.2% in 2025 from 23.5% in 2024. Adjusted operating income is a key metric in our Management Incentive Plan (the MIP ), detaile d on page 42 . $US Millions p 11.1% 3-Year CAGR 9.8% 1 Year Free Cash Flow Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations was $815 million in 2025, compared to $767 million in 2024. Free cash flow from continuing operations was $748 million in 2025, compared to $693 million in 2024. In 2025, we r epurchased 2.3 million ordinary shares and increased the cash dividend paid to our shareholders for the 49th consecutive year, returning a total of $389 million to our shareholders. Free cash flow is a key metric in our MIP, detailed on page 42 . $US Millions p 38.3% 3-Year CAGR 8.0% 1 Year Sales Our sales during 2025 were $4,176 million, an increase of 2.3% compared to $4,083 million in 2024. Revenue, which is the same as sales, is a key metric in our MIP, detailed on page 42 . $US Millions p 0.4% 3-Year CAGR 2.3% 1 Year 34 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis 2025 Compensation Highlights Elements of Executive Compensation We provide three elements of direct compensation: base salary, annual incentives and long-term incentives, which are described below. In addition, we provide limited perquisites, and standard retirement and health and welfare benefits. The Compensation Committee reviews total compensation for executive officers and the relative levels of each of these forms of compensation against the Compensation Committee s goals to attract, retain and incentivize talented executives and to align the interests of these executives with those of our long-term shareholders. Element Description Base Salary u Determined based on numerous factors such as: n competitive conditions for the Named Executive Officer s position within the Comparator Group and in the broader employment market, n as well as the Named Executive Officer s level of responsibility, experience and individual performance. Annual Incentives u Tied to annual business performance as measured against annual goals established by the Compensation Committee. u Individual targets vary depending on a wide range of factors, including: n competitive conditions for the executive officer s position within the Comparator Group and in the broader employment market, n as well as the executive officer s performance, level of responsibility and experience. Long-Term Incentives For 2025, the Compensation Committee approved a mix of long-term incentive awards for the CEO of performance share units at 75% and stock options at 25% of the long-term award value to provide a heightened emphasis for our CEO on compensation elements that are contingent on performance goals and increases in our share price. For the other NEOs, the Compensation Committee maintained the mix of long-term incentive award of performance share units at 50% of the total long-term award value and stock options and restricted stock units each at 25% of the total long-term award value. u Stock options Each stock option has a term of 10 years, with one-third of the options vesting on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date. u Restricted stock units Each restricted stock unit represents the right to receive one ordinary share upon vesting. The restricted stock units generally vest as to one-third of the restricted stock units on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date. u Performance share units Each performance share unit represents the right to receive one ordinary share after the end of a three-year performance period if specified performance goals are achieved. The approximate mix of total target direct compensation based on economic value for 2025 for our Chief Executive Officer and the average of the other Named Executive Officers is shown in the charts that follow. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 35 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 2025 Target Direct Compensation Mix CEO Average of Other NEOs Evolution of the Executive Compensation Program The Compensation Committee reviews annually the effectiveness of our executive compensation program and considers a number of factors, including business results, strategic priorities, shareholder alignment and market practice. As a result of the evolution of our compensation program and changes we have made in response to market dynamics and shareholder feedback, key aspects of our executive compensation program include: u CEO: 75% of the long-term incentive awards is delivered in the form of performance share units; u Other NEOs: 50% of the long-term incentive awards is delivered in the form of performance share units; u 100% of our annual incentive metrics are tied to financial business objectives and are subject to a performance modifier for achievement against our social responsibility strategic targets; and u Stock ownership requirements that generally meet or exceed market levels. 36 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Best Practices The Compensation Committee focuses on aligning our executive compensation program with Pentair s short-term and long-term objectives while also addressing shareholder feedback and compensation best practices. The table below outlines a number of key features in our executive compensation program. WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DON'T DO Annual Shareholder Outreach to seek input and feedback on executive compensation Independent Consultant , hired by, and reporting to, the Compensation Committee and evaluated periodically Comparator Group ( peer group ) evaluated annually , based on industry and revenue of ~1/2 to 2x our revenue size Significant CEO pay at risk (88%); average of 76% for other Named Executive Officers Stock Ownership Guidelines and Holding Policy at 6.0x base salary for the CEO and 2.0-3.0x for other executive officers Clawback Policy for cancellation or recoupment of time-vesting and performance-vesting equity awards in certain circumstances Annual Risk-Assessment of our compensation programs and policies No pre-change in control employment agreements or multi-year compensation commitments with any current executive officers No single-trigger change in control equity vesting in Key Executive Employment and Severance Agreements ( KEESA ) No Excise Tax Gross-ups for executive officers No individual supplemental executive retirement plans for newly appointed executive officers No hedging or pledging of Pentair equity securities Our Compensation Philosophy and Objectives The Compensation Committee believes that the most effective executive compensation program aligns executive initiatives with shareholders interests. The Compensation Committee seeks to accomplish this objective by rewarding the achievement of specific annual, long-term and strategic goals that create lasting shareholder value. The Compensation Committee s specific objectives include: u motivating and rewarding executives for achieving financial and strategic objectives; u aligning management and shareholder interests by encouraging employee stock ownership; u providing rewards commensurate with company performance; u encouraging growth and innovation; and u attracting and retaining top-quality executives and key employees. To balance the objectives described above, our executive compensation program uses the following direct compensation elements: u base salary, to provide fixed compensation competitive in the marketplace; u annual incentive compensation, to reward short-term performance against specific financial targets; and u long-term incentive compensation, to link management incentives to long-term value creation and shareholder return. We also provide standard retirement and health and welfare benefits to attract and retain executives over the longer term. The Compensation Committee reviews total compensation for executive officers and the relative levels of each of these forms of compensation against the Committee s goals. The majority of compensation is at risk, which encourages our executive officers to focus on our company s long-term success and aligns with the long-term interests of our shareholders. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 37 Compensation Discussion and Analysis How Executive Compensation Decisions are Made Compensation Program and Objectives The Compensation Committee sets and administers the policies that govern our executive compensation, including: u establishing and reviewing executive base salaries; u overseeing our annual incentive compensation plans; u overseeing our long-term equity-based compensation plan; u approving all annual incentive and long-term, equity-based awards; u annually evaluating risk considerations associated with our executive compensation program; and u annually approving all compensation decisions for executive officers, including those for the Named Executive Officers, who are named in the Summary Compensation Table. The Compensation Committee oversees and evaluates Pentair s executive compensation programs against competitive practices, regulatory developments and corporate governance trends. The calendar below sets for the customary cadence for the Compensation Committee s annual processes, as it applied to actions taken during 2025: FEBRUARY MAY SEPTEMBER DECEMBER u Approved 2024 annual incentive payouts and 2025 annual incentive targets u Certified payout of 2022-2024 performance share unit awards u Approved performance share unit targets for the 2025-2027 performance period u Approved Compensation Discussion and Analysis u Approved non-officer long-term incentive allocation u Committee self- assessment u Reviewed results of say-on-pay vote u Committee self- assessment u Reviewed compensation program and possible design changes for the upcoming year u Reviewed projected short- and long-term incentive plan results for current year u Reviewed and approved Comparator Group for upcoming year u Compensation Committee education u Reviewed stock ownership guidelines and individual ownership levels u Committee self- assessment u Approved executive officer compensation structures, base salary, MIP target, and equity grants for upcoming year u Finalized performance measures and weights for upcoming performance periods u Reviewed preliminary achievement against short- and long-term targets for current performance periods u Reviewed projected short and long-term incentive plan targets for upcoming performance periods u Reviewed risk assessment of compensation programs u Reviewed Compensation Committee Charter u Annual Committee self- assessment 38 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis EVALUATING THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER S PERFORMANCE As part of the annual performance evaluation, the independent directors on the Board and the Compensation Committee employed a formal process to evaluate Mr. Stauch s performance in the fall of 2025. Each independent director provided an evaluation of Mr. Stauch s performance. The Board Chair and the Compensation Committee Chair discussed the evaluation results with the Compensation Committee and independent directors, and the independent directors reviewed and discussed the evaluation results and Mr. Stauch s compensation in executive session of the Board of Directors meeting. The Board Chair and the Compensation Committee Chair finalized Mr. Stauch s performance assessment and reviewed the assessment results and commentary with Mr. Stauch. The Compensation Committee determined Mr. Stauch s compensation and performance targets for the following year. Compensation Consultant The Compensation Committee engages an external compensation consultant to advise the Compensation Committee in implementing and overseeing appropriate compensation programs and policies. The Compensation Committee regularly evaluates the performance of its external compensation consultant and periodically conducts a competitive bid process for the role. During 2025, the Compensation Committee continued to retain Aon Consulting, an external compensation consultant, to advise the Compensation Committee on executive compensation issues. See Corporate Governance Committees of the Board Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee evaluated the independence of Aon Consulting itself and its individual representatives who served as the Compensation Committee s consultants based on the factors required by the NYSE. Management has retained Aon plc, the parent company of Aon Consulting to provide insurance brokerage and benefit consulting services to us. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we paid Aon plc approximately $1,061,871 for insurance brokerage and benefit consulting services and Aon Consulting approximately $367,156 for executive and non-employee director compensation consulting. The Compensation Committee concluded, based on the evaluation described above, that the services performed by Aon plc with respect to insurance and benefits administration did not raise a conflict of interest or impair Aon Consulting s ability to provide independent advice regarding executive and non-employee director compensation matters and that Aon Consulting was independent for purposes of the Compensation Committee. At the direction of the Compensation Committee, Aon Consulting advises the Compensation Committee in implementing and overseeing appropriate compensation programs and policies. As part of this process, Aon Consulting provides the Compensation Committee with comparative market data based on analyses of the practices of the Comparator Group defined below under Comparative Framework and relevant survey data. The comparative market data that Aon Consulting provides addresses the structure of the compensation programs maintained by the Comparator Group companies as well as the amount of compensation they provide. Aon Consulting provides guidance on industry best practices and advises the Compensation Committee in determining appropriate ranges for base salaries, annual incentive compensation and long-term incentive compensation for each senior executive position. 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 39 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Comparative Framework In setting compensation for our executive officers, including our Named Executive Officers, the Compensation Committee uses competitive compensation data from an annual total compensation study of selected peer companies and other relevant survey sources to inform its decisions about overall compensation opportunities and specific compensation elements. The Compensation Committee uses multiple reference points when establishing targeted compensation levels. The Compensation Committee applies judgment and discretion in establishing targeted pay levels, taking into account not only competitive market data, but also factors such as company, business unit and individual performance, scope of responsibility, critical needs and skill sets, experience, leadership potential, and succession planning. All companies in our peer group are: u publicly-traded on a major exchange; u similar in business scope and/or operations to our business units and global in nature; and u range from approximately 1 2 to 2x our revenue size and in the same competitive sectors. In September of 2024, the Committee approved an updated group of companies used for benchmarking purposes in the prior year (the Comparator Group ) for use in setting target compensation for 2025 for our executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers. The Comparator Group companies had revenues ranging from approximately $2.1 billion to $9.7 billion, with median revenues of approximately $4.3 billion. Added to the peer group were Graco, ITT, Middleby, and Nordson. Removed from the peer group was Enovis. u Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) u A.O. Smith Corporation (AOS) u Crane Company (CR) u Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) u Dover Corporation (DOV) u Flowserve Corporation (FLS) u Fortive Corporation (FTV) u Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. (FBIN) u Graco Inc (GGG) u IDEX Corporation (IEX) u Ingersoll Rand Inc. (IR) u ITT Inc (ITT) u Lennox International Inc. (LII) u Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) u Masco Corporation (MAS) u Middleby Corp (MIDD) u Nordson Corp (NDSN) u Owens Corning (OC) u Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) u Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) u The Timken Company (TKR) u Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) u Xylem Inc. (XYL) Shareholder Outreach The Compensation Committee believes it is important to maintain an open dialogue with our shareholders to gain input on their perspectives regarding our governance and our executive compensation program and to provide clarifying information enabling them to make informed decisions in our annual advisory shareholder vote on the compensation of our executive officers named in our Proxy Statement. As described in the Shareholder Engagement section, in 2025, we maintained our shareholder outreach to gain additional insight, better understand shareholder perspectives, and evaluate any concerns regarding our executive compensation program. The support of our shareholders for our executive compensation program was again reflected in the results of the say on pay vote at the 2025 Annual General Meeting, with 83.6% of votes cast in favor of our proposal. Shareholder feedback is an important factor in how we approach and evaluate our executive compensation program. Consistent with the strong vote of shareholder approval, and support from our shareholders, we did not make any material changes to our compensation programs in 2025 in response to the say on pay vote. However, for 2026, we added a third metric, revenue, to our long-term incentive plan measures. We expect to carry forward the following general themes: u Current executive compensation programs viewed positively and reflect balanced market practices with alignment to Pentair s strategic objectives. u Our executive compensation program demonstrates a pay-for-performance linkage and shareholder alignment, and is appropriately incentive-based, balancing annual and long-term performance. u Our annual incentive plan measures of income, revenue, and free cash flow, and long-term incentive plan measures of adjusted EPS, ROIC and, beginning in 2026, revenue, are aligned with shareholder interests. Additionally, consistent with previous feedback from shareholders, we incorporated a modifier for our social responsibility strategic targets in the annual incentive plan for executive officers, designed to recognize achievement well above or well below overall expected progress. 40 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis Elements and Payouts of 2025 NEO Compensation 2025 Compensation Program Elements Our NEO Compensation has Four Principal Components: BASE SALARY ANNUAL INCENTIVE COMPENSATION LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION ADDITIONAL BENEFITS AND PERQUISITES Base Salary Purpose We provide each Named Executive Officer with a fixed base salary to be competitive in the marketplace. How We Set Salary In setting base salaries, the Compensation Committee generally references comparable positions at peer companies based on available market data, which includes published survey data and proxy statement data for our Comparator Group. The Compensation Committee considers compensation at comparable companies but does not set base salaries based on a particular peer group benchmark or any single factor. Base salaries for the Named Executive Officers are determined by the Compensation Committee based on numerous factors such as competitive conditions for the Named Executive Officer s position within the Comparator Group and in the broader employment market, as well as the Named Executive Officer s level of responsibility, experience and individual performance. Changes from 2024 In December 2024, the Compensation Committee undertook its annual review of base salaries for executive officers in accordance with its normal procedures. Following a review with Aon Consulting, the Compensation Committee approved annual salary increases ranging from 2.3% to 9.1%. Increases became effective January 1, 2025, as set forth in the table below. 2025 Base Salary 2025 Base Salary ($) 2024 Base Salary ($) Increase From 2024 to 2025 John L. Stauch 1,160,000 1,115,000 4.0 % Robert P. Fishman 745,000 725,000 2.8 % Jerome O. Pedretti 675,000 660,000 2.3 % De'Mon L. Wiggins 600,000 550,000 9.1 % Adrian C. Chiu 600,000 550,000 9.1 % 2026 Proxy Statement | Pentair 41 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Annual Incentive Compensation Purpose To provide competitive compensation to attract and retain top talent while linking pay to annual performance, we pay a portion of our executives cash compensation as incentive compensation tied to annual business performance as measured against annual goals established by the Compensation Committee. In 2025, we provided a cash annual incentive compensation opportunity to each of our executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers, under our Management Incentive Plan. How We Set Award Values The Compensation Committee determines a percentage of each executive officer s base salary as a targeted level of incentive compensation opportunity under the MIP, based on the Compensation Committee s review of Aon Consulting s recommendations, relevant survey data, and in the case of executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer, the recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee generally sets each executive officer s target incentive compensation opportunity taking into consideration the Comparator Group s target payouts but does not set target incentive compensation opportunities based on a particular peer group benchmark or any single factor. The actual target incentive compensation opportunity set by the Compensation Committee for each executive officer varies depending on a wide range of factors, including competitive conditions for the executive officer s position within the Comparator Group and in the broader employment market, as well as the executive officer s performance, level of responsibility and experience. An executive officer s base salary multiplied by the incentive compensation opportunity percentage establishes the target incentive compensation for which the executive officer is eligible. Company-wide (Stauch and Fishman) Pentair Adjusted Operating Income (50% weight) + Pentair Revenue (30% weight) + Pentair Cash Flow (20% weight) (0-200%)* x Target Award Amount ($) x Sustainability Modifier (+/- 10%) = Annual Incentive Award Pool (Pedretti) Pool Income (40% weight) + Pool Revenue (20% weight) + Pentair Free Cash Flow (20% weight) + Pentair Adjusted Operating Income (20% weight) (0-200%)* x Target Award Amount ($) x Sustainability Modifier (+/- 10%) = Annual Incentive Award Flow (Wiggins) Flow Income (40% weight) + Flow Revenue (20% weight) + Pentair Free Cash Flow (20% weight) + Pentair Adjusted Operating Income (20% weight) (0-200%)* x Target Award Amount ($) x Sustainability Modifier (+/- 10%) = Annual Incentive Award 42 Pentair | 2026 Proxy Statement Compensation Discussion and Analysis Water Solutions (Chiu) Water Solutions Income (40% weight) + Water Solutions Revenue (20% weight) + Pentair Free Cash Flow (20% weight) + Pentair Adjusted Operating Income (20% weight) (0-200%)* x Target Award Amount ($) x Sustainability Modifier (+/- 10%) = Annual Incentive Award * For each measure, threshold performance is required for any payout; payouts begin at 50% of target. Changes from 2024 In December 2024, the Compensation Committee undertook its annual review of targeted levels of incentive compensation opportunities and determined to maintain the same level