=== HSIC_2026-02-24.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Our business operations could be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material to our operations, so you should not consider the risks disclosed in this section to necessarily represent a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties. The Company believes that the following risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, operating results, financial condition and/or the trading price of our common stock. The order in which these factors appear does not necessarily reflect their relative importance or priority. COMPANY RISKS We are dependent upon third parties for the manufacture/supply of a significant volume of our products and where we manufacture products, we are dependent upon third parties for raw materials/purchased components. We obtain a significant volume of the products we distribute from third parties, with whom we generally do not have long-term contracts. While there is typically more than one source of supply, some key suppliers, in the aggregate, supply a significant portion of the products we sell. In 2025, our top 10 Global Distribution and Value- Added Services suppliers and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately 24% and 4%, respectively, of our aggregate purchases. Additionally, where we are the manufacturer of products for our speciality business ( e.g. , dental implants, endodontics, and orthopedics), we are dependent upon third parties for raw materials and purchased components. Although no single supplier is material, because of our dependence upon such suppliers, our operations are subject to the suppliers’ ability and willingness to supply products in the quantities that we require, and the risks include delays caused by interruption in production based on conditions outside of our control, including a supplier’s failure to comply with applicable government requirements (which may result in product recalls, product detentions, and/or cessation of sales) or an interruption in the suppliers’ manufacturing capabilities. In the event of any such interruption in supply, we would need to timely identify and obtain acceptable replacement sources. There is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain such alternative sources of supply on a timely basis, if at all, and an extended interruption in supply, particularly of a high-sales volume and/or high- margin product, could result in a significant disruption in our sales and operations, as well as damage to our relationships with customers and our reputation. We may be unsuccessful in achieving our strategic growth objectives. Our 2025 – 2027 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan is defined under “Business, Business Strategy” above. In particular, we are focused on continuing to grow our Henry Schein specialty brands and technology and value-added services solutions both organically and inorganically, and to drive greater efficiencies. If we are unable to effectively implement our strategic plan, we may not achieve our desired return on our investments through our growth strategies. Our business could be affected by the Strategic Partnership Agreement with KKR. On January 29, 2025, we announced a strategic investment by funds affiliated with KKR & Co. Inc. (“KKR”), a leading global investment firm, and a Strategic Partnership Agreement (the “Partnership Agreement”) with KKR. Under the Partnership Agreement, two independent directors, Max Lin and William K. “Dan” Daniel, joined our Board of Directors. On May16, 2025, we issued 3,285,151 shares of common stock to funds affiliated with KKR for an investment of $250 million, at approximately $76.10 per share. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, KKR also has the ability to purchase additional shares via open market purchases up to a total equity stake of 14.9% of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. On November 4, 2025, the Company and KKR entered into an amendment to the Partnership Agreement that increased the beneficial ownership limit from 14.9% to19.9% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock that KKR is permitted to acquire during the standstill period. The standstill provisions, including the increased ownership limit, continue in effect for a period of six months following the later of the expiration of the term of the Partnership Agreement and the date on which no KKR director appointed pursuant to the Partnership Agreement is serving on the Company’s Board of Directors. On December 7, 2025, pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, KKR notified the Company of its election to exercise the Extension Election (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) whereby the Company’s Board of Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 29 Directors will renominate KKR’s designees, Max Lin and William K. “Dan” Daniel, to stand for election at the Company’s 2026 annual meeting of stockholders for a term expiring at the Company’s 2027 annual meeting of stockholders. The Partnership Agreement may have unintended consequences, such as uncertainty about our management, operations, or future strategic direction, which could result in the loss of future business opportunities or negatively impact our ability to attract and retain qualified talent. KKR also invests in many different types of businesses, and has or may continue to invest in customers, suppliers, joint venture partners, or other entities that have relationships with the Company, or in competitors of such entities, which may create unintended conflicts resulting in a loss of business. Our future growth (especially for our Global Technology and Global Specialty Products segments) is dependent upon our ability to develop or acquire and maintain and protect new products and services and utilize new technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. Our future success depends on our ability to timely develop (or obtain the right to sell) competitive and innovative (particularly for our Global Technology and Global Specialty Products segments) products and services and utilize new technologies, such as artificial intelligence (“AI”) (among other emerging technologies) and to market them and/or utilize them quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to anticipate customer needs and emerging trends and develop or acquire new products, services and technologies at competitive prices requires significant resources, including employees with the requisite skills, experience and expertise, particularly in our Global Technology segment, including dental practice management, patient engagement and demand creation software solutions. The failure to successfully address these challenges could materially disrupt our sales and operations. We have increased and expect to continue to increase our use of AI technologies in various contexts to improve customer and patient experiences and drive efficiencies in certain areas of our business, including, without limitation, making AI features available within our practice management systems, which, among other things, helps dentists and clinical staff detect caries. While these innovations can present benefits to the Company, they also create risks and challenges. The use of AI in healthcare offerings poses certain clinical risks resulting from potential misdiagnosis or misinformation provided from AI applications, diminishing critical judgment, or loss of interpersonal care from clinicians. These deficiencies could undermine the decisions, predictions, or analysis AI applications produce, as well as their adoption, subjecting us to competitive harm, legal liability (including under new proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the EU or new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws), regulatory actions, and reputational harm. In addition, some AI scenarios, such as using AI applications to generate patient data (including, without limitation, using AI to capture and summarize patient interactions, and voice-activated perio charting), present ethical, privacy, or other social issues, risking reputational harm and/or reduced market demand or acceptance of AI solutions. The safeguards we have designed to promote the ethical implementation of AI may not be sufficient to protect us against negative outcomes. All of these risks are amplified by the critical nature of healthcare decisions and the sensitivity of health-related information, and the occurrence of any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Additionally, if investments in emerging technologies are less successful at attracting and retaining customers than similar investments by our competitors, or if we are otherwise unsuccessful at realizing the benefits of these technological investments generally, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. Additionally, widely accessible generative AI that rapidly surpasses our organizational ability to understand associated risks and opportunities (including employees’ failure to comply with principles, policies and processes governing AI usage) could endanger our intellectual property, lead to misuse or loss of data and cause reputational harm and other fines, penalties or losses. Risks inherent in acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures could offset the anticipated benefits. One of our business strategies has been to expand in part through acquisitions and joint ventures and we expect to continue to make acquisitions and enter into joint ventures in the future. There is risk that one or more may not succeed. We cannot be sure, for example, that we will achieve the benefits of revenue growth that we expect from these transactions or that we will avoid unforeseen additional costs, taxes, or expenses. Our ability to successfully implement our acquisition and joint venture strategy depends upon, among other things, the following: • the availability of suitable acquisition or joint venture candidates at acceptable prices; Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 30 • our ability to consummate such transactions, which could potentially be prohibited due to U.S. or foreign antitrust regulations; • the liquidity of our investments and the availability of financing on acceptable terms; • our ability to retain customers or product lines of the acquired businesses or joint ventures; • our ability to retain, recruit and incentivize the management of the companies we acquire; and • our ability to successfully integrate these companies’ operations, systems, services, products and personnel with our culture, management policies, legal, regulatory and compliance policies, information technology and cybersecurity systems and policies, internal procedures, working capital management, financial, operational and internal controls and strategies. Furthermore, some of our acquisitions and future acquisitions may give rise to an obligation to make contingent payments or to satisfy certain repurchase obligations, which payments could have material adverse impacts on our financial results individually or in the aggregate. Additionally, when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or timely executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in a divested business, such as through transition service agreements, indemnities or other current or contingent financial obligations. Certain provisions in our governing documents and other documents to which we are a party may discourage third parties from seeking to acquire us that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium over the market price of their shares. The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, may discourage acquisition bids and may impact the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions, among other things require (i) the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 60% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote to approve a merger, consolidation, or a sale, lease, transfer or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets; and (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of our common stock entitled to vote to (a) remove a director; and (b) to amend or repeal our by-laws, with certain limited exceptions. In addition, certain of our employee incentive plans provide for accelerated vesting of equity awards upon termination without cause within two years following a change in control, or grant the plan committee discretion to accelerate awards upon a change of control. Further, certain agreements between us and our executive officers provide for increased severance payments and certain benefits if those executive officers are terminated without cause by us or if they terminate for good reason, in each case within two years following a change in control or within ninety days prior to the effective date of the change in control or after the first public announcement of the pendency of the change in control. Adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives could negatively affect our business. The terms on which we purchase or sell products from many suppliers may entitle us to receive a rebate or other purchasing incentive based on the attainment of certain growth goals. Suppliers may reduce or eliminate rebates or incentives offered under their programs, or increase the growth goals or other conditions we must meet to earn rebates or incentives to levels that we cannot achieve. Increased competition either from generic or equivalent branded products could result in us failing to earn rebates or incentives that are conditioned upon achievement of growth goals. Additionally, factors outside of our control, such as customer preferences, consolidation of suppliers or supply issues, can have a material impact on our ability to achieve the growth goals established by our suppliers, which may reduce the amount of rebates or incentives we receive. Sales of corporate brand products and products that we manufacture entail additional risks, including the risk that such sales could materially adversely affect our relationships with suppliers. We offer certain corporate brand products that are available exclusively from us. The sale of such corporate brand products and the sale of products that we manufacture subject us to potential product liability risks, mandatory or voluntary product recalls, potential supply chain and distribution chain disruptions and potential intellectual property infringement risks, among other risks. In addition, an increase in the sales of our corporate brand products and our own manufactured products may negatively affect our sales of products owned by our suppliers which, Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 31 consequently, could adversely impact certain of our supplier relationships. Our ability to locate qualified, economically stable suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and to acquire sufficient products in a timely and effective manner, are critical to ensuring, among other things, that customer confidence is not diminished. In addition, we are exposed to the risk that our competitors or our large customers may introduce their own private label, generic, or low-cost products that compete with our products at lower price points. Such products could capture significant market share or decrease market prices overall, eroding our sales and margins. Any failure to develop sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Our business could be affected by activist investors. We actively engage in discussions with our stockholders. In other cases, stockholders can engage in certain divisive activist tactics, which can take many forms (including potential proxy contests). Some stockholder activism has resulted in, and could in the future result in, substantial costs, such as professional fees, and the diversion of management’s and our Board of Directors’ attention and resources from our business and strategic plans. Additionally, it could cause uncertainty about our management, operations or future strategic direction, which could result in the loss of future business opportunities or negatively impact our ability to attract and retain qualified talent. Activists or other stockholders holding a large portion of our outstanding shares could also exert influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, including the election of directors and the approval of certain extraordinary business transactions. These risks could cause volatility in the trading price of our common stock based on factors other than the fundamentals of our business. INDUSTRY RISKS Security risks generally associated with our information systems and our technology products and services have in the recent past adversely affected our business and results of operations, and could in the future materially adversely affect our business and our results of operations if such products, services, or systems (or third-party systems we rely on) are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events, are subject to cyberattacks or fail for any extended period of time. We rely on information systems (“IS”) in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store customer, product, supplier and employee data to, among other things: • maintain and manage worldwide systems to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; • receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; • manage the accurate billing and collections for our customers; • process payments to suppliers; • provide products and services that maintain certain of our customers’ electronic medical or dental records (including protected health information of their patients); and • maintain and manage global human resources, compensation and payroll systems. There could be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results if we do not maintain an adequate information and technology infrastructure ( e.g. , hardware, networks, software, people and processes) to effectively protect and support the current and future information requirements of the business. In addition to health information in our customers’ electronic medical and dental records, certain of our IS store other sensitive personal and financial information, such as health care and other information related to our employees and individuals we service, as well as other sensitive information such as credit card information from our third-party business partners, that is confidential, and in many cases subject to privacy laws. Our IS are susceptible to, among other things, natural disasters, power losses, telecommunication failures, cybersecurity threats and other criminal activity. Information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of an overall increase in cyber incidents, their increased sophistication and the involvement of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and foreign state agents. The health care industry has been targeted by threat actors seeking to undermine companies’ cybersecurity defensive measures. Moreover, cyberattacks have become more difficult to detect and respond to. They increasingly exploit AI and machine learning techniques, such as Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 32 generative AI-phishing, deepfake impersonations, automated vulnerability discovery, adaptive malware and large- scale credential-stuffing campaigns. New subsidiaries that we acquire and non-integrated subsidiaries have been, and may continue to be, targets to cyberattacks as we update their defensive measures to meet our standards. We have processes in place intended to ensure that our security measures keep pace with new and emerging risks. We regularly review, monitor and implement multiple layers of security through technology, processes and our people. We utilize security technologies designed to protect and maintain the integrity of our IS and data, and our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Despite these efforts, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers have been, and may in the future be, vulnerable to privacy and security incidents, cybersecurity attacks and data breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses and other malicious code, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, attacks or other acts undermining IS of third party business partners including our customers, or other similar events that could impact the security, reliability and availability of our systems. In addition, hardware, software or applications developed internally or procured from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. As a practical matter, so long as we depend on IS to operate our business, and our business partners do the same, there can be no guaranty that such measures will successfully stop any one particular cybersecurity incident given the constantly evolving nature of the threat. We have incurred, continue to incur, and may in the future incur substantial costs as we update our cybersecurity defense systems and our general computer controls to meet evolving challenges, and legislative or regulatory action related to cybersecurity which may increase our costs to develop or implement new technology products and services. A cyberattack that bypasses or compromises our, or our vendors’, IS cybersecurity and/or general information technology (“IT”) controls (including third-party systems we rely on) causing an IS security breach may lead, and has in the past led, to a disruption of our, or our vendors’, IS business systems (including third-party systems we rely on), interruption of operations (including, without limitation, receiving, verifying and processing customer orders, customer service, accounts payable, warehouse management and shipping and systems tied to internal controls over financial reporting), the loss or alteration of business, financial and other protected information, a negative impact on our financial performance, and to an adverse impact on our financial accounting and reporting controls. A cyberattack that bypasses or compromises our IS cybersecurity and/or general computer controls or those of third parties with whom we engage may also lead to claims against us by affected parties and/or governmental agencies, and involve fines and penalties, as well as substantial defense and settlement expenses. Any of these impacts may alone, or collectively, have a material impact on our business. A successful cyberattack has, and may again in the future, disrupt our business operations, adversely impact our financial accounting and reporting of results of operations, divert the attention of management, and adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, we develop products and provide services to our customers that are technology-based, and a cyberattack that bypasses the IS supporting our products or services causing a security breach and/or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products or services could also cause significant loss of business and reputational harm, and actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us by our customers and/or governmental agencies. In addition, certain of our practice management products and services purchased by health care providers, such as physicians and dentists, are used to store and manage patient medical or dental records, and when cloud-based approaches are used, we may be responsible for hosting those records. These customers, and in some cases, we are subject to laws and regulations which require that they protect the privacy and security of those records, and our products may be used as part of these customers’ comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their efforts to comply with applicable privacy and security laws. In addition to immaterial and unrelated incidents at certain of our subsidiaries, in October 2023 Henry Schein experienced a cybersecurity incident that primarily affected the operations of our North American and European dental and medical distribution businesses. Henry Schein One, our practice management software, revenue cycle management and patient relationship management solutions business was not affected, and our manufacturing businesses were mostly unaffected. Nevertheless, the October 2023 cybersecurity incident disrupted key business operations, adversely impacted our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023, diverted attention of management, and caused the Company to incur significant remediation costs. The incident had residual impact on our financial results in 2024. We have spent, and plan to expend in the future, additional resources to continue to Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements 33 protect against, or to address problems caused by, business interruptions and data security breaches. We also may be perceived as a more vulnerable target of the cyber hackers as a result of the October 2023 incident. The health care products distribution industry is highly competitive (including, without limitation, competition from third-party online commerce sites) and consolidating, and we may not be able to compete successfully. We compete with numerous companies, including several major manufacturers and distributors. Some of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do, which could allow them to compete more successfully. Most of our products are available from several sources and our customers tend to have relationships with several distributors. Competitors could obtain exclusive rights to market particular products, which we would then be unable to market. Manufacturers also could increase their efforts to sell directly to end-users and thereby eliminate or reduce our role in distribution. Industry consolidation among health care product distributors and manufacturers, price competition, product unavailability, whether due to our inability to gain access to products or to interruptions in manufacturing supply, or the emergence of new competitors, also could increase competition. Consolidation has also increased among manufacturers of health care products, which could have a material adverse effect on our margins and product availability. We could be subject to charges and financial losses in the event we fail to satisfy minimum purchase commitments contained in some of our contracts. Additionally, traditional health care supply and distribution relationships are being challenged by online commerce solutions. The continued advancement of online commerce by third parties and online price transparency requires us to cost- effectively adapt to changing technologies, to enhance existing services and to differentiate our business (including with additional value-added services) to address changing demands of consumers and our customers. The emergence of such competition and our inability to anticipate and effectively respond to changes on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. The health care industry is experiencing changes due to political, economic and regulatory influences that could materially adversely affect our business. The health care industry is highly regulated and subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences. Uncertainty surrounding possible changes to the health care environment, including changes to regulatory enforcement priorities, may directly or indirectly adversely affect us. In recent years, the health care industry has been undergoing significant changes driven by various efforts to reduce costs, including, among other factors: trends toward managed care; collective purchasing arrangements and consolidation among office-based health care practitioners; and changes in reimbursements to customers, including increased attention to value-based payment arrangements, as well as enforcement activities (and related monetary recoveries) by governmental officials. Both our profitability and that of our customers may be materially adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and devices, and/or medical treatments or services, changes to the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined, or regulating pricing, contracting and discounting practices with respect to medical products and services. It is possible that the adoption of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act could impact eligibility for participation in Medicare and Medicaid programs, resulting in a change in utilization of the health care system. In addition, a number of states are considering and enacting laws or regulations to expand their oversight of health care transactions, which may impact the financial stability and strategic opportunities of certain of our customers. If we are unable to react effectively to these and other changes in the health care industry, our business could be materially adversely affected. The ACA greatly expanded health insurance coverage in the United States and has been the target of legal and political challenges since its adoption. Any outcome of these challenges that changes the ACA could have a significant impact o

=== HSIC_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 27, 2025. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer Our share repurchase program, announced on March 3, 2003, originally allowed us to repurchase up to two million shares pre-stock splits (eight million shares post-stock splits) of our common stock, which represented approximately 2.3% of the shares outstanding at the commencement of the program. Subsequent additional increases since 2003 that have aggregated to an additional $6.7 billion, authorized by our Board, to the repurchase program provide for a total of $6.8 billion (including $500 million authorized on January 27, 2025 and an additional $750 million authorized on September 8, 2025) of shares of our common stock to be repurchased under this program, with $655 million currently available for future share repurchases. On May 19, 2025, we executed an accelerated share repurchase program to repurchase a total of $250 million of our outstanding common stock based on volume-weighted average prices. In May 2025 we received 3,122,832 shares at an estimated fair value of $224 million. In July 2025, we received an additional 368,651 shares at an estimated fair value of $26 million, representing the final amount of shares to be received under this accelerated share repurchase program. As of March 28, 2026, we had repurchased approximately $6.1 billion of common stock (109,486,614) shares under these initiatives, with $655 million available for future share repurchases. The following table summarizes repurchases of our common stock under our stock repurchase program during the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2026: Total Number Maximum Number Total of Shares of Shares Number Average Purchased as Part that May Yet of Shares Price Paid of Our Publicly Be Purchased Under Fiscal Month Purchased (1) Per Share Announced Program Our Program (2) 12/28/2025 through 1/31/2026 720,444 $ 77.25 720,444 9,595,535 2/1/2026 through 2/28/2026 565,846 78.37 565,846 8,252,525 3/1/2026 through 3/28/2026 323,696 77.23 323,696 9,083,576 1,609,986 1,609,986 (1) All repurchases were executed in the open market under our existing publicly announced authorized program. (2) The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under this program is determined at the end of each month based on the closing price of our common stock at that time. This table excludes shares withheld from employees to satisfy minimum tax withholding requirements for equity-based transactions. Table of Contents 50 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.+ 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.+ 32.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.+ 99.1 Form of 2026 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for time-based restricted stock unit awards pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2024 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on May 21, 2024).**+ 99.2 Form of 2026 Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2024 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective as of May 21, 2024) (Frederick M. Lowery).**+ 99.3 Form of 2026 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for time-based restricted stock unit awards pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2023 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective as of May 23, 2023) (Stanley M. Bergman).**+ 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document+ 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document+ 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document+ 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document+ 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document+ 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document+ 104 The cover page of Henry Schein, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 28, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within Exhibit 101 attachments).+ _________ + Filed or furnished herewith. ** Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. Table of Contents 51 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Henry Schein, Inc. (Registrant) By: /s/ RONALD N. SOUTH Ronald N. South Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Authorized Signatory and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Dated: May 5, 2026 