=== TRV_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors We are exposed to credit risk in certain of our insurance operations and with respect to certain guarantee or indemnification arrangements that we have with third parties. 7 Product Lines Business Insurance provides the following types of coverages: Domestic Workers Compensation. Provides coverage for employers for specified benefits payable under state or federal law for workplace injuries to employees. There are typically four types of benefits payable under workers compensation policies: medical benefits, disability benefits, death benefits and vocational rehabilitation benefits. The Company emphasizes managed care cost containment strategies, which involve employers, employees and care providers in a collaborative effort that focuses on the injured employee s early return to work and cost-effective quality care. Commercial Automobile. Provides coverage for businesses against losses incurred from personal bodily injury, bodily injury to third parties, property damage to an insured s vehicle and property damage to other vehicles and other property resulting from the ownership, maintenance or use of automobiles and trucks in a business. Commercial Property. Provides coverage for loss of or damage to buildings, inventory and equipment resulting from a variety of events, including, among others, hurricanes and other windstorms, tornadoes, earthquakes, hail, wildfires, severe winter weather, floods, volcanic eruptions, tsunamis, theft, vandalism, fires, explosions, terrorism and financial loss due to business interruption resulting from covered property damage. Commercial property also includes specialized equipment insurance, which provides coverage for loss or damage resulting from the mechanical breakdown of boilers and machinery, and ocean and inland marine insurance, which provides coverage for goods in transit and unique, one-of-a-kind exposures. General Liability. Provides coverages for businesses against third-party claims arising from accidents occurring on their premises or arising out of their operations, including as a result of injuries sustained from products sold. Coverages may also include directors and officers liability arising in their official capacities, employment practices liability insurance, fiduciary liability for trustees and sponsors of pension, health and welfare, and other employee benefit plans, errors and omissions insurance for employees, agents, professionals and others arising from acts or failures to act under specified circumstances, cyber liability, as well as umbrella and excess insurance. Commercial Multi-Peril. Provides a combination of the property and liability coverages described in the foregoing product line descriptions. The Company offers the above coverages through the following types of products and services: guaranteed-cost insurance products, where the premiums charged are not adjusted for actual loss experience during the covered period; loss-sensitive insurance products, including large deductible and retrospectively rated policies, where fees or premiums are adjusted based on actual loss experience of the insured during the policy period; and service programs, which are generally sold to the Company s National Accounts customers, where the Company receives fees rather than premiums for providing insurance-related services, such as claims administration, risk management, loss control and risk management information services. The Company also participates in state-assigned risk pools as a servicing carrier and pool participant. International Provides coverage for employers liability (similar to workers compensation coverage in the United States), public and product liability (the equivalent of general liability), professional indemnity (similar to professional liability coverage), commercial property, commercial automobile, marine, aviation, onshore and offshore energy, construction, terrorism, personal accident and kidnap ransom. Marine provides coverage for ship hulls, cargoes carried, private yachts, marine-related liability, ports and terminals, and fine art. Aviation provides coverage for worldwide aviation risks, including physical damage and liabilities for airline, aerospace, general aviation, aviation war and space risks. Personal accident provides financial protection in the event of death or disablement due to accidental bodily injury, while kidnap ransom provides financial protection against kidnap, hijack, illegal detention and extortion. While the covered hazards may be similar to those in the U.S. market, the different legal environments can make the product risks and coverage terms very different from those the Company faces in the United States. 8 Net Retention Policy Per Risk The following discussion reflects the Company s retention policy with respect to Business Insurance as of January 1, 2026. For third-party liability, Business Insurance generally limits its net retention to a maximum of $6.7 million per insured, per occurrence, through the use of reinsurance, including a significant aggregate annual deductible. For property exposures, Business Insurance generally limits its net retention, through the use of reinsurance, to a maximum amount per risk of $20.0 million per occurrence. Business Insurance generally retains its workers compensation exposures. Reinsurance treaties often have aggregate limits or caps which may result in larger net per-risk retentions if the aggregate limits or caps are reached. Business Insurance utilizes facultative reinsurance to provide additional limits capacity or to reduce retentions on an individual risk basis. Business Insurance may also retain amounts greater than those described herein based upon the individual characteristics of the risk. Geographic Distribution The following table shows the geographic distribution of Business Insurance s direct written premiums for the year ended December 31, 2025. Location % of Total Domestic: California 13.2 % New York 8.0 Texas 7.5 Illinois 4.4 Florida 4.2 New Jersey 3.7 Pennsylvania 3.7 Georgia 3.1 Massachusetts 3.0 All other domestic (1) 45.2 Total Domestic 96.0 International: Canada 1.4 All other international 2.6 Total International 4.0 Total Business Insurance 100.0 % ___________________________________________ (1) No other single state accounted for 3.0% or more of Business Insurance s direct written premiums in 2025. Competition The insurance industry is represented in the commercial marketplace by many insurance companies of varying size as well as other entities offering risk alternatives, such as self-insured retentions or captive programs. Market competition operates within the insurance regulatory framework to set the price charged for insurance products and the levels of coverage and service provided. A company s success in the competitive commercial insurance landscape is largely measured by its ability to profitably provide insurance and services, including claims handling and risk management, at prices and terms that retain existing customers and attract new customers, as well as its financial strength. See Item 1A Risk Factors The intense competition that we face, including with respect to attracting and retaining employees, and the impact of innovation, technological change, including with respect to artificial intelligence, and changing customer preferences on the insurance industry and the markets in which we operate, could harm our ability to maintain or increase our business volumes and our profitability. Domestic Competitors typically write Select Accounts business through independent agents and brokers and, to a lesser extent, as direct writers, including through affinity and other partner platforms. Both national (including international companies doing business 9 in the U.S.) and regional property and casualty insurance companies compete in the Select Accounts market which generally comprises lower-hazard, Main Street business customers. Risks are underwritten and priced using standard industry practices and a combination of proprietary and standard industry product offerings. Competition in this market is focused on ease and speed of doing business and price. Competitors typically write Middle Market business through independent agents and brokers. Several of Middle Market s operations require unique combinations of industry knowledge, customized coverage, specialized risk control and loss handling services, along with partnerships with agents and brokers that also focus on these markets. Competitors in this market are primarily national property and casualty insurance companies (including international companies doing business in the U.S.) that write most classes of business using traditional products and pricing, and regional insurance companies. Companies compete based on product offerings, service levels, price, claim and loss prevention services and ease and speed of doing business. Efficiency through automation and response time to agent, broker and customer needs is one key to success in this market. In the National Accounts market, competition is based on price, product offerings, claim and loss prevention services, managed care cost containment, risk management information systems and collateral requirements. National Accounts primarily competes with national property and casualty insurance companies (including international companies doing business in the U.S.), as well as with other underwriters of property and casualty insurance in the alternative risk transfer market, such as self-insurance plans, captives managed by others, third-party administrators and a variety of other risk-financing vehicles and mechanisms. The residual market division competes for state contracts to provide claims and policy management services. National Property and Other competes in focused target markets. Each of these markets is different and requires unique combinations of industry knowledge, customized coverage, specialized risk management and claims handling services, along with partnerships with agents and brokers that also focus on these markets. Some of these businesses compete with national carriers (including international companies doing business in the U.S.) with similarly dedicated underwriting and marketing groups, whereas others compete with smaller regional companies. Specialized agents and brokers, including wholesale agents and program managers, supplement this focused target market approach. National Property and Other s competitive strategy typically is based on the application of focused industry knowledge to insurance and risk needs. International International competes with numerous international and domestic insurers in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. Companies compete on the basis of price, product offerings, distribution partnerships, the level of claim and risk management services provided and the ease and speed of doing business. The Company has developed expertise in various markets in these countries similar to those served in the United States and provides both property and casualty coverage for these markets. At Lloyd s, International competes with other syndicates operating in the Lloyd s market as well as international and domestic insurers in the various markets where the Lloyd s operation writes business worldwide, with an emphasis on short-tail insurance lines. Competition is based on price, product, distribution partnerships and service. BOND SPECIALTY INSURANCE Bond Specialty Insurance offers surety, fidelity, management liability, professional liability, and other property and casualty coverages and related risk management services to its customers, primarily in the United States, and certain surety and specialty insurance products in Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland and Brazil (through a joint venture, as described below), in each case utilizing various degrees of financially-based underwriting approaches. The range of coverages includes performance, payment and commercial surety bonds for construction and general commercial enterprises; management liability coverages including directors and officers liability, employment practices liability, fidelity liability, fiduciary liability and cyber risk for public corporations, private companies, not-for-profit organizations and financial institutions; professional liability coverage for a variety of professionals including, among others, lawyers and design professionals; in the United States only, property, workers compensation, auto and general liability for financial institutions; and transactional liability coverages to public and private companies. Bond Specialty Insurance s surety business in Brazil is conducted through Junto Holding Brasil S.A. (Junto). The Company owns 49.5% of Junto, a market leader in surety coverages in Brazil. This joint venture investment is accounted for using the equity method and is included in other investments on the consolidated balance sheet. 10 Selected Product Information The following table sets forth Bond Specialty Insurance s net written premiums by product line for the periods indicated. For a description of the product lines referred to in the table, see Product Lines. In addition, see Principal Markets and Methods of Distribution for a discussion of distribution channels for Bond Specialty Insurance s product lines. (for the year ended December 31, in millions) 2025 2024 2023 % of Total 2025 Domestic: Fidelity and surety $ 1,596 $ 1,536 $ 1,387 37.4 % General liability 1,842 1,833 1,686 43.2 Other 242 234 230 5.7 Total Domestic 3,680 3,603 3,303 86.3 International 582 506 539 13.7 Total Bond Specialty Insurance $ 4,262 $ 4,109 $ 3,842 100.0 % Principal Markets and Methods of Distribution Bond Specialty Insurance markets and distributes the vast majority of its products in the United States through many of the same independent agencies and brokers that distribute Business Insurance s products in the United States. Bond Specialty Insurance builds relationships with well-established, independent insurance agencies and brokers. In selecting new independent agencies and brokers to distribute its products, Bond Specialty Insurance considers, among other factors, each agency s or broker s profitability, financial stability, staff experience and strategic fit with its operating and marketing plans. Once an agency or broker is appointed, its ongoing performance is regularly monitored. Bond Specialty Insurance continues to make investments to enable real-time interface capabilities with its independent agencies and brokers. Bond Specialty Insurance also writes certain products through managing general agents and managing general underwriters. Pricing and Underwriting Bond Specialty Insurance utilizes underwriting, claims, engineering, actuarial and product development disciplines for specific accounts and industries, together with extensive amounts of proprietary data gathered and analyzed over many years, as well as third-party data, to facilitate its risk selection process and develop pricing parameters. Bond Specialty Insurance utilizes both proprietary forms and standard industry forms for the insurance policies and bonds it issues. Product Lines Bond Specialty Insurance writes the following types of coverages: Domestic Fidelity and Surety. Provides fidelity insurance coverage, which protects an insured for loss due to embezzlement or misappropriation of funds by an employee, and surety, which is a three-party agreement whereby the surety company agrees to pay a third party or to complete an obligation in response to the default, acts or omissions of a bonded party. Surety bonds are generally provided for construction performance; legal matters, such as appeals; compliance and licensing; and other performance obligations. General Liability. Provides coverage for specialized liability exposures as described above in more detail in the Business Insurance section of this report, as well as transactional liability coverages. Other. Coverages include Commercial Property, Workers Compensation, Commercial Automobile and Commercial Multi-Peril, which are described above in more detail in the Business Insurance section of this report. International Fidelity and Surety and certain General Liability products are provided internationally to various customer groups. Net Retention Policy Per Risk The following discussion reflects the Company s retention policy with respect to Bond Specialty Insurance as of January 1, 2026. For management liability coverages, including but not limited to directors and officers liability, professional liability, 11 employment practices liability, fidelity liability, fiduciary liability and cyber risk liability, Bond Specialty Insurance generally limits net retentions to $25.0 million per policy. For surety, where limits are often significant, Bond Specialty Insurance generally retains up to $160.0 million probable maximum loss (PML) per principal, after reinsurance, but may retain higher amounts based on the type of obligation, credit quality and other credit risk factors. Reinsurance treaties often have aggregate limits or caps which may result in larger net per risk retentions if the aggregate limits or caps are reached. Bond Specialty Insurance utilizes facultative reinsurance to provide additional limits capacity or to reduce retentions on an individual risk basis. Bond Specialty Insurance may also retain amounts greater than those described herein based upon the individual characteristics of the risk. Geographic Distribution The following table shows the geographic distribution of Bond Specialty Insurance s direct written premiums for the year ended December 31, 2025. Location % of Total Domestic: California 9.8 % Texas 7.9 New York 7.2 Florida 4.6 Illinois 3.4 Pennsylvania 3.3 All other domestic (1) 50.5 Total Domestic 86.7 International: United Kingdom 6.4 Canada 4.0 All other international 2.9 Total International 13.3 Total Bond Specialty Insurance 100.0 % ___________________________________________ (1) No other single state accounted for 3.0% or more of Bond Specialty Insurance s direct written premiums in 2025. Competition The competitive landscape in which Bond Specialty Insurance operates is affected by many of the same factors described above for Business Insurance. Competitors in this market are primarily national property and casualty insurance companies (including international companies doing business in the U.S.) that write most classes of business and, to a lesser extent, regional insurance companies and companies that have developed niche programs for specific industry segments. Domestic Bond Specialty Insurance underwrites and markets its products to all sizes of businesses and other organizations, as well as individuals. The Company believes that its reputation for timely and consistent decision making and financial stability, a nationwide network of local underwriting, claims and industry experts and strong producer and customer relationships, as well as its ability to offer its customers a full range of products and services, provides Bond Specialty Insurance an advantage over many of its competitors and enables it to compete effectively in a complex, dynamic marketplace. The Company believes that the ability of Bond Specialty Insurance to cross-sell its products to customers of Business Insurance and Personal Insurance also provides the Company with a competitive advantage. See Item 1A Risk Factors The intense competition that we face, including with respect to attracting and retaining employees, and the impact of innovation, technological change, including with respect to artificial intelligence, and changing customer preferences on the insurance industry and the markets in which we operate, could harm our ability to maintain or increase our business volumes and our profitability. 12 International International competes with numerous international and domestic insurers in Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, and in Brazil through a joint venture. Companies compete on the basis of price, product offerings, distribution partnerships, the level of claim and risk management services provided, the ease and speed of doing business and stability of the insurer. The Company has developed expertise in various markets in these countries similar to those served in the United States and provides certain specialty coverages for these markets. PERSONAL INSURANCE Personal Insurance offers a broad range of property and casualty insurance products and services covering individuals personal risks, primarily in the United States. Personal Insurance s primary products of automobile and homeowners insurance are complemented by a broad suite of related products and coverages. Selected Product and Distribution Channel Information The following table sets forth net written premiums for Personal Insurance s business by product line for the periods indicated. For a description of the product lines referred to in the following table, see Product Lines. In addition, see Principal Markets and Methods of Distribution for a discussion of distribution channels for Personal Insurance s product lines. (for the year ended December 31, in millions) 2025 2024 2023 % of Total 2025 Domestic: Automobile $ 7,745 $ 7,925 $ 7,330 44.4 % Homeowners and Other 9,051 8,550 7,949 51.9 Total Domestic 16,796 16,475 15,279 96.3 International 650 694 650 3.7 Total Personal Insurance $ 17,446 $ 17,169 $ 15,929 100.0 % Principal Markets and Methods of Distribution Personal Insurance products are marketed and distributed primarily through thousands of independent agents and brokers located throughout the United States, supported by personnel in seven sales regions. In addition, sales and service support are supplemented through contact centers. Principal markets for Personal Insurance products are spread throughout the contiguous United States. In selecting new independent agencies to distribute its products, Personal Insurance considers many factors, including financial stability, staff experience, lead sources, customer facing online and digital capabilities and operating and marketing plans. Once an agency is appointed, Personal Insurance regularly monitors its performance. Agents can access the Company s agency service portal for a number of resources, including customer service, marketing and claims management. In addition, agencies can choose to shift the ongoing service responsibility for Personal Insurance s customers to the Company s Customer Care Program, where the Company provides, on behalf of an agency, a comprehensive array of customer services, including billing inquiries, coverage discussions and account changes. Approximately two thousand agencies take advantage of this service alternative, for which they generally pay a fee. Personal Insurance also markets and distributes its products directly to consumers, largely through direct mail and digital marketing, and through affinity partners, including employers, credit unions and consumer associations. Personal Insurance handles the sales from these sources through the Company s contact center locations and, increasingly, through the Company s wholly owned independent agency. Personal Insurance also markets and distributes its products on other distribution platforms, including carrier partnerships. Since 1995, the Company has had a distribution agreement with the agency affiliate of GEICO to underwrite a portion of their homeowners business. 13 Pricing and Underwriting Personal Insurance has developed a product management methodology that integrates the disciplines of underwriting, claims, actuarial, risk management and product development. This approach is designed to maintain high-quality underwriting discipline and pricing segmentation. Proprietary and third-party data accumulated over many years is analyzed, and Personal Insurance uses a variety of risk differentiation models to facilitate its pricing segmentation and underwriting. The Company s product management area establishes underwriting guidelines integrated with its filed pricing and rating plans, which enable Personal Insurance to effectively execute its risk selection and pricing processes. Pricing for personal automobile insurance is driven in large part by changes in the frequency of claims and changes in severity, including inflation in the cost of automobile replacements and repairs (including parts and labor), medical care and resolution of liability claims. Pricing in the homeowners business is driven in large part by changes in the frequency of claims and changes in severity, including inflation in the cost of materials, labor and household possessions. In addition to the normal risks associated with any multiple-peril coverage, the profitability and pricing of both homeowners and automobile insurance are affected by the incidence of catastrophes and other weather-related events, as well as other unusual circumstances, such as the impact of supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and elevated inflation. Insurers writing personal lines property and casualty policies may be unable to change prices until some time after the costs associated with coverage have changed, primarily because of state insurance rate regulation. The pace at which an insurer can change rates in response to changing costs depends, in part, on whether the applicable state law requires prior approval of rate changes or notification to the regulator either before or after a rate change is imposed. In states with prior approval laws, rates must be approved by the regulator before being used by the insurer. In states having file-and-use laws, the insurer must file rate changes with the regulator, but does not need to wait for approval before using the new rates. A use-and-file law requires an insurer to file rates within a period of time after the insurer begins using the new rate. Approximately one-half of the states require prior approval of most rate changes. In addition, changes to methods of marketing and underwriting in some jurisdictions are subject to state-imposed restrictions, which can make it more difficult for an insurer to significantly manage catastrophe exposures. The Company s ability or willingness to change prices, modify underwriting terms or shift exposure to, or from, certain geographies may be limited due to a number of factors, including public policy, the competitive environment, the evolving political and legislative environment and/or changes in the general economic climate. The Company also may choose to write business it might not otherwise write in some states for strategic purposes, such as improving access to other commercial or personal underwriting opportunities. In choosing to write business in some states, the Company also considers the costs and benefits of those states residual markets and guaranty funds, as well as other property and casualty business the Company writes in those states. Product Lines The primary coverages in Personal Insurance are personal automobile and homeowners and other insurance sold to individuals. Personal Insurance had approximately 8.4 million active policies (i.e., policies-in-force) in the United States as of December 31, 2025. Personal Insurance writes the following types of coverages: Automobile provides coverage for liability to others for both bodily injury and property damage, uninsured motorist protection, and for physical damage to an insured s own vehicle from collision, fire, flood, hail and theft. In addition, many states require policies to provide first-party personal injury protection, frequently referred to as no-fault coverage. Homeowners and Other provides protection against losses to dwellings and contents from a variety of perils (excluding flooding) as well as coverage for personal liability. The Company writes homeowners insurance for dwellings, condominiums and tenants, and rental properties. The Company also writes coverage for boats and yachts, valuable personal items such as jewelry, umbrella liability, and weddings and special events. Net Retention Policy Per Risk The following discussion reflects the Company s retention policy with respect to Personal Insurance as of January 1, 2026. Personal Insurance generally retains its primary personal auto exposures in their entirety. For personal property insurance, there is an $8.0 million maximum retention per risk, net of reinsurance. Personal Insurance uses facultative reinsurance to provide additional limits capacity or to reduce retentions on an individual risk basis. Personal Insurance issues umbrella policies up to a maximum limit of $10.0 million per risk. Personal Insurance may also retain amounts greater than those described herein based upon the individual characteristics of the risk. 14 Geographic Distribution The following table shows the geographic distribution of Personal Insurance s direct written premiums for the year ended December 31, 2025. Location % of Total Domestic: Texas (1) 9.5 % New York 8.9 California 7.4 Pennsylvania 5.1 Georgia 4.9 New Jersey 4.2 Massachusetts 4.0 Florida 3.9 Maryland 3.9 Virginia 3.6 Colorado 3.5 Connecticut 3.3 Illinois 3.0 All other domestic (2) 31.1 Total Domestic 96.3 International: Canada 3.7 Total International 3.7 Total Personal Insurance 100.0 % ___________________________________________ (1) The percentage for Texas includes business written by the Company through a fronting agreement with another insurer. (2) No other single state accounted for 3.0% or more of Personal Insurance s direct written premiums in 2025. Competition Although national companies (including international companies doing business in the U.S.) write the majority of this business, Personal Insurance also faces competition from many regional and local companies. Competitors write busine