=== MSFT_2025-10-21.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0000789019 0000789019 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 2022-07-01 2023-06-30 0000789019 2023-07-01 2024-06-30 0000789019 2021-07-01 2022-06-30 0000789019 2020-07-01 2021-06-30 0000789019 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 1 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 2 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 3 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 4 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 0000789019 5 2024-07-01 2025-06-30 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Microsoft Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Notice of Annual Shareholders Meeting and Proxy Statement 2025 December 5, 2025 Virtual Meeting Site: 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT25 Table of Contents Celebrating 50 Years of Microsoft Fifty years ago, Bill Gates and Paul Allen started Microsoft with a simple but powerful idea: to build technology so people everywhere could build more technology. The very first product Microsoft built was the Basic interpreter for the Altair, giving people the power to create software, jumpstarting the PC revolution, and creating an entirely new sector for our economy. But today, it s not just about the past 50 years, it s about the next 50. If there s one thing that I have learned during my time at Microsoft, it s not about longevity, but relevance. Our future will not be defined by what we have built, but what we empower others to build. Satya Nadella Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Left to Right: Bill Gates, Microsoft Co-founder and Gates Foundation Chair; Steve Ballmer, former Microsoft CEO and Ballmer Group Co-founder; and Satya Nadella, Microsoft Chairman and CEO, on stage at the 50th anniversary event in Redmond on April 4th, 2025. (Photo by Dan DeLong) Table of Contents Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer October 21, 2025 Dear Shareholder, On behalf of the Board of Directors, it is our pleasure to invite you to the 2025 Annual Shareholders Meeting of Microsoft Corporation ( Annual Meeting ), on December 5, 2025, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time. This year s virtual Annual Meeting will be conducted and made available via webcast. We will provide the webcast of the Annual Meeting at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT25 . In addition, you will have the option to view the Annual Meeting through Microsoft Teams at microsoft.com/investor . A transcript with video and audio of the entire Annual Meeting will be available on the Microsoft Investor Relations website after the meeting. For more information on how to participate in the meeting, please see Part 5 Information About the Meeting on page 91 in this Proxy Statement. The Notice of 2025 Annual Shareholders Meeting and this Proxy Statement contain details of the business to be conducted during the Annual Meeting. Whether or not you participate in the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. We urge you to promptly vote and submit your proxy (1) via the Internet, (2) by phone, or (3) if you received your proxy materials by mail, by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form in the envelope provided for your convenience. This year s Annual Meeting will be followed by a question and answer session. Questions may be submitted in advance of the meeting at proxyvote.com after logging in with the control number ( Control Number ) found next to the label for postal mail recipients or within the body of the email sending you the Proxy Statement. Questions may be submitted online beginning shortly before the start of the Annual Meeting through virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT25 . Thank you for your continued investment in Microsoft. Sincerely, Satya Nadella Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents Letter from the Board of Directors October 21, 2025 Dear Shareholder, Microsoft s Board remains deeply proud of the Company s and its employees dedication to empower customers and partners worldwide through digital innovation. The Board is particularly encouraged by Microsoft s leadership in artificial intelligence ( AI ), a transformative technology that is central to the Company s long-term strategy and mission to help every person and organization on the planet achieve more. These advancements reinforce Microsoft s commitment to delivering sustainable growth and shareholder value through innovation and global impact. This Proxy Statement outlines Microsoft s governance policies and practices that enable effective Board oversight of the Company s strategy and operations. A core strength of our governance is the Board s commitment to independent perspectives. Of the 12 Board nominees, 11 are independent, including Sandra Peterson as Lead Independent Director. We are pleased to announce the nomination of John David Rainey for election to the Board at the Annual Meeting. Mr. Rainey is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Walmart Inc. He brings financial and digital acumen and experience leading companies in complex, highly competitive industries. Our nominees bring diverse backgrounds, experiences, and skills, which enhance the Board s ability to manage risk and guide Microsoft for long-term success in a rapidly changing environment. In addition to subject matter expertise, we seek directors with proven leadership who can contribute meaningfully to oversight of the broad range of business, risk, and regulatory matters facing the Company. In addition, Carlos Rodriguez has decided not to seek re-election and will end his Board service in December. During his four-year tenure, Mr. Rodriguez served on the Audit Committee and chaired the Compensation Committee and has provided valuable insights and perspectives in those roles. We thank him for his many contributions. The Proxy Statement also includes information about all of the management and shareholder proposals up for a vote at the Company s Annual Meeting. We value your input and encourage you to use one of the options laid out in this Proxy Statement to vote your shares whether or not you plan to join us for the Annual Meeting. For information on how Microsoft addresses topics of key importance to our shareholders and stakeholders, including cybersecurity, environmental sustainability, and responsible AI, we encourage you to read the progress reports on these topics that Microsoft published over the course of the past fiscal year which are available at microsoft.com/transparency and microsoft.com/csr . As we look ahead, we continue to see tremendous opportunities for the Company s business and shareholder value creation, with the ability to deliver positive impacts at a global scale. We appreciate your investment in Microsoft and thank you for the trust you place in us and the opportunity to serve you and our Company as directors. Sincerely, Your Board of Directors Table of Contents Notice of 2025 Annual Shareholders Meeting Date December 5, 2025 Time 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time Virtual Meeting This year s meeting is a virtual shareholders meeting at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT25 Record Date September 30, 2025. Only shareholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. Proxy Voting Make your vote count. Please vote your shares promptly to ensure the presence of a quorum during the Annual Meeting. Voting your shares now via the Internet, by telephone, or by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form will save the expense of additional solicitation. If you wish to vote by mail, we have enclosed an addressed envelope with postage prepaid if mailed in the United States. Submitting your proxy now will not prevent you from voting your shares during the Annual Meeting, as your proxy is revocable at your option. We are requesting your vote to: Items of Business Elect the 12 director nominees named in this Proxy Statement Approve, on a nonbinding advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive officers ( say-on-pay vote ) Ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our independent auditor for fiscal year 2026 Approve the Microsoft Corporation 2026 Stock Plan Vote on 6 shareholder proposals, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting Transact other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting Address of Corporate Headquarters One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052 Meeting Details See Part 5 Information About the Meeting for details Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting to be held on December 5, 2025. Our 2025 Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Shareholders are available at microsoft.com/investor . By Order of the Board of Directors Keith R. Dolliver Secretary Redmond, Washington October 21, 2025 2025 PROXY STATEMENT i Table of Contents Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 1 GOVERNANCE AND OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS Board of Directors Stewardship 6 Our Governance Structure 9 Director Selection and Qualifications 15 Board Composition and Diversity 17 Our Director Nominees 18 Director Compensation 26 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION A Letter from the Compensation Committee 28 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 29 Section 1: Performance Update 29 Section 2: Executive Compensation Program 33 Section 3: Pay Setting Governance and Process 34 Section 4: Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Program Design 37 Section 5: Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Decisions and Results 41 Section 6: Other Compensation Policies and Information 46 Compensation Committee Report 49 Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Tables 50 Summary Compensation Table 50 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 52 Outstanding Equity Awards at June 30, 2025 53 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 54 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 54 Payments at Termination of Employment 55 CEO Pay Ratio 55 Pay Versus Performance 56 Equity Award Grant Practices 59 Equity Compensation Plan Information 59 Principal Shareholders 59 Stock Ownership Information 60 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS Audit Committee Report 61 Fees Billed by Deloitte Touche 63 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor 64 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING Proposal 1: Election of 12 Directors 65 Proposal 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation 66 Proposal 3: Ratification of the Selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our Independent Auditor for Fiscal Year 2026 66 Proposal 4: Approval of the Microsoft Corporation 2026 Stock Plan 66 Shareholder Proposals 77 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Date, Time, and Place of Meeting 91 Proxy Materials are Available on the Internet 91 Participating in the Annual Meeting 91 Soliciting Proxies 91 Householding 92 Election of Directors 92 Voting 92 Shareholders Entitled to Vote; Quorum 92 Vote Required; Effect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 92 Vote Confidentiality 93 Tabulation of Votes 93 Where to Find More Proxy Voting Information 93 Where to Find our Corporate Governance Documents 93 Proposals by Shareholders for 2026 Annual Meeting 94 Other Business 94 ANNEX A 2026 STOCK PLAN 95 ii Table of Contents Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all information you should consider. Please read this entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Annual Shareholders Meeting Date: December 5, 2025 Time: 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time Meeting Agenda: The meeting will cover the proposals listed under Voting Matters and Vote Recommendations below, and any other business that may properly come before the meeting. Place: virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT25 Record Date: September 30, 2025 Mailing Date: This Proxy Statement was first mailed to shareholders on or about October 21, 2025. Voting: Shareholders as of the record date are entitled to vote. Each share of common stock of Microsoft Corporation ( Company ) is entitled to one vote for each director nominee and one vote for each proposal. Vote in Advance of the Meeting Vote your shares at proxyvote.com . Have your Notice of Internet Availability or proxy card for the 16-digit Control Number needed to vote. Call toll-free number 1-800-690-6903. Sign, date, and return the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form. Vote Online During the Meeting See page 91 in Part 5 Information About the Meeting for details on voting your shares during the meeting through proxyvote.com . Voting Matters and Vote Recommendations See Part 4 Proposals to be Voted on During the Meeting for more information. Board Recommends See Page Management Proposals Election of 12 Directors FOR 65 Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation ( say-on-pay vote ) FOR 66 Ratification of the Selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our Independent Auditor for Fiscal Year 2026 FOR 66 Approval of the Microsoft Corporation 2026 Stock Plan FOR 66 Shareholder Proposals European Security Program Censorship Risk Audit AGAINST 77 Report on Risks of Censorship in Generative Artificial Intelligence AGAINST 79 Report on AI Data Usage Oversight AGAINST 81 Report on Data Operations in Human Rights Hotspots AGAINST 83 Report on Human Rights Due Diligence AGAINST 86 Report on AI and Machine Learning Tools for Oil and Gas Development and Production AGAINST 89 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 1 Table of Contents Our Director Nominees See Part 1 Board of Directors and Governance for more information. The following table provides summary information about each of the 12 director nominees. Each director is elected annually by a majority of votes cast. Carlos Rodriguez is not seeking re-election and his Board service will end on the date of the Annual Meeting. Carlos Rodriguez currently serves as the chair of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. The Board has nominated John David Rainey for election as a director. If elected, his term will begin on December 5, 2025. Name Occupation Age Director Since Independent Other Public Boards Reid G. Hoffman Partner, Greylock Partners 58 2017 Yes 1 Hugh F. Johnston Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, The Walt Disney Company 64 2017 Yes 1 Teri L. List Former Executive Vice President and CFO, The Gap, Inc. 62 2014 Yes 3 Catherine MacGregor Group CEO and Director, Engie S.A. 53 2023 Yes 1 Mark A. L. Mason CFO, Citigroup Inc. 56 2023 Yes 0 Satya Nadella Chairman and CEO, Microsoft Corporation 58 2014 No 0 Sandra E. Peterson Lead Independent Director, Microsoft Corporation; Operating Partner, Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC 66 2015 Yes 0 Penny S. Pritzker Founder and Chairman, PSP Partners, LLC 66 2017 Yes 0 John David Rainey Executive Vice President and CFO, Walmart Inc. 55 New Nominee Yes 0 Charles W. Scharf CEO, President, and Director, Wells Fargo Company 60 2014 Yes 1 John W. Stanton Founder and Chairman, Trilogy Partnerships 70 2014 Yes 1 Emma N. Walmsley CEO and Director, GSK plc 56 2019 Yes 1 2 Table of Contents Committee Memberships The following table provides current membership for each Board committee. Name Audit Compensation Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Governance and Nominating Reid G. Hoffman Member Hugh F. Johnston Chair, Financial Expert Teri L. List Financial Expert and Member Member Catherine MacGregor Member Member Mark A. L. Mason Member Satya Nadella Sandra E. Peterson Member Chair Penny S. Pritzker Chair Carlos A. Rodriguez * Financial Expert and Member Chair Charles W. Scharf Member Member John W. Stanton Member Member Emma N. Walmsley Member Member * Mr. Rodriguez is not seeking re-election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. The Board will consider appointments for Mr. Rainey if he is elected to the Board. Executive Compensation Advisory Vote Our Board recommends that shareholders vote to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers ( Named Executives ) as described in this Proxy Statement ( say-on-pay vote ), for the reasons below. Pay for Performance We have executed on our pay for performance philosophy. Over 95% of the annual target compensation opportunity for our CEO is performance-based and over 50% for our other Named Executives Cash incentive awards are structured 50% (70% for CEO) based on pre-established goals (balance of growth and profitability goals) and 50% (30% for CEO) based on operational performance as assessed across three performance categories, diversifying the risk associated with any single aspect of performance The metrics for our performance stock awards are reviewed annually to ensure they reflect key business developments that drive long-term growth Our performance stock awards ( PSAs ) include a relative total shareholder return ( TSR ) modifier to reward significant positive outperformance relative to the S P 500 and reduce rewards for underperformance to align executives and shareholders long-term interests At least 70% of target compensation for our Named Executives was equity-based, with average across all Named Executives over 80%, providing incentives to drive long-term business success and direct alignment with returns to shareholders Sound Program Design We design our executive compensation program to attract, motivate, and retain the key executives who drive our success and industry leadership, while considering Company and individual performance and alignment with the long-term interests of our shareholders. We achieve our objectives through compensation that: Provides a competitive total pay opportunity Delivers a majority of pay based on performance Consists primarily of stock-based compensation Enhances long-term focus through multi-year performance requirements or vesting of stock-based compensation Does not encourage unnecessary and excessive risk taking See Part 2 Named Executive Officer Compensation for more information. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Table of Contents Business Overview Our Business Performance In fiscal year 2025, we continued to achieve strong business results, focusing on enabling the success and earning the trust of our customers. We create platforms and tools, powered by artificial intelligence, that deliver innovative solutions that meet the evolving needs of our customers. From infrastructure and data, to business applications and collaboration, we provide unique, differentiated value to customers. Fiscal Year 2025 Business Performance Highlights Revenue ( 15% ) $281.7 billion Operating Income ( 17% ) $128.5 billion Net Income ( 16% ) $101.8 billion Diluted Earnings per Share ( 16% ) $13.64 Highlights from fiscal year 2025 include the following metrics. Percentages are year-over-year. Microsoft Cloud revenue increased 23% to $168.9 billion Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 14% Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services revenue increased 11% Linkedln revenue increased 9% Dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased 15% Server products and cloud services revenue increased 23% Windows OEM and Devices revenue increased 3% Xbox content and services revenue increased 16% Search and news advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 20% 4 Table of Contents Governance and Board Best Practices Our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more is ambitious, and we cannot fulfill it with a narrow or short-term focus. Our adoption of leading governance practices fosters our sustained business success over the long term. Strong corporate governance, informed by participation from our shareholders, is essential to achieving our mission. The Lead Independent Director and Compensation Committee chair have ongoing consultations on governance and executive compensation topics with a cross-section of Microsoft s large institutional investors. Our Board believes that having a diverse mix of directors with complementary qualifications, expertise, and attributes is essential to meeting its oversight responsibility. Of our 12 Board nominees, 11 are independent. Having an independent Board is a core element of our governance philosophy. Independent, Effective Board Oversight Lead Independent Director 11 of 12 director nominees are independent All committee chairs and members are independent Board-adopted refreshment commitment to maintain an average tenure of 10 years or less for its independent directors as a group The Board is committed to actively seeking highly qualified women and individuals from minority groups to include in the pool of potential Board nominees and CEO candidates Executive sessions provided for all quarterly Board and committee meetings Annual Board and committee evaluations, periodically using a third-party facilitator to conduct the evaluations Director orientation and continuing education and strategy programs for directors All current Audit Committee members meet the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC listing standard of financial sophistication, and three members are audit committee financial experts under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules Shareholder Rights Single class of stock with equal voting rights All directors are elected annually Directors are elected by majority vote in uncontested elections Confidential voting policy 15% of outstanding shares can call a special meeting Our Bylaws provide for proxy access by shareholders See Part 1 Board of Directors and Governance and Part 5 Information About the Meeting for more information. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING 1. Board of Directors and Governance Earning the trust of our customers, partners, shareholders, and other stakeholders is the foundation of our business success and is fundamental to realizing Microsoft s mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. To create positive impact with technology, people must be able to trust the technologies they use and the companies behind them. Microsoft is committed to the responsible use of artificial intelligence ( AI ), protecting privacy, and advancing digital safety and cybersecurity. The Board of Directors is committed to building trust through strong corporate governance, effective oversight, and strategic engagement. Microsoft also gains trust from our longstanding commitments to conducting our business in ways that are principled, transparent, and accountable. The foundation of these commitments is expressed in Microsoft s Standards of Business Conduct ( Trust Code ) at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines which apply to our employees, officers, Board of Directors, and our subsidiaries and controlled affiliates across the globe. We hold ourselves accountable by publicly reporting on our policies, practices, and performance to provide our stakeholders visibility into how we are meeting our commitments and responsibilities. Our Reports Hub available at microsoft.com/transparency provides a consolidated, comprehensive view of reporting on topics ranging from environmental sustainability to human rights and political engagement. Board of Directors Stewardship Shareholders elect our Board to serve their long-term interests and to oversee management. Our Board and its committees work closely with management to provide oversight, review, and counsel related to long-term strategy, risks and opportunities, and feedback from shareholders. Strategy Led by our CEO, senior management develops and executes our business strategy. They manage our operations and work to model our desired culture, create innovative products, establish accountability, and control risk. Our CEO and senior management also align our structure, operations, people, policies, and compliance efforts to our mission, priorities, and culture. Overseeing management s development and execution of the Company s strategy is one of our Board s primary responsibilities. The Board works closely with senior management to respond to a dynamic business environment. Management benefits from the insights and perspectives of a diverse mix of directors with complementary qualifications, expertise, and attributes. Senior management and other leaders from across the Company provide business and strategy updates to our Board through regular strategy-focused meetings. At meetings throughout the year, the Board also assesses the strategic alignment of the Company s budget and capital plan, business initiatives, and its strategic acquisition and integration process. For major initiatives, such as our approaches to security, quality, and AI innovation, the Board engages with management on strategic vision, investments, partnerships, capital requirements, and risks. Risk Oversight Effective risk management is critical to Microsoft s ability to achieve its mission. The Board exercises direct oversight of strategic risks to the Company and other risk areas not delegated to one of the Board s committees. Our Board looks to the expertise of its committees to provide strategic oversight in their areas of focus. The committees are charged with specific areas of risk oversight and regularly report back to the full Board. 6 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING The Board of Directors The Board oversees business affairs, integrity, risk management, CEO succession planning, and other matters reserved to the full Board and performs the annual CEO evaluation. Audit Committee Compensation Committee Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee Governance and Nominating Committee Oversees the Company s processes to manage risk; the Company s financial statements; compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and corporate policies and controls, including controls over financial reporting, computerized information systems and security; and the independent auditor and internal audit function. Oversees the Company s compensation and benefits programs; human capital management and culture principles and programs; senior management succession planning and compensation; and advises the Board on CEO compensation. Oversees key non-financial regulatory risks; management policies and programs relating to key environmental and social matters, including climate change and environmental sustainability, competition and antitrust, privacy, national security, trade, digital safety, responsible AI, accessibility, human rights, and responsible sourcing; and reviews government relations activities and public policy agenda. Oversees director selection and succession planning; Board effectiveness and independence, committee functions and charters; adherence to our corporate governance framework; and other corporate governance matters. Company Management The Board, in consultation with each of its committees, oversees Company management in exercising its responsibility of managing risk. The Board relies upon senior management to supervise risk management activities within the Company. Senior management is responsible for developing a continuously improving culture of risk-aware practices to identify and manage the appropriate level of risk in pursuit of our business objectives. On a regular basis, the Board and its committees engage with our senior management, our chief risk executive and chief compliance officer, and other members of management on risk as part of broad strategic and operational discussions which encompass interrelated risks, as well as on a risk-by-risk basis. In addition, our integrated enterprise risk management approach is supported by operational management within business units, compliance and investigatory teams, enterprise and operational risk teams, internal audit and external audit reviews, and our legal department. Microsoft has also established robust standards of business conduct that apply to all employees globally and provides numerous methods for employees to elevate risk concerns directly to management or through anonymous channels. Internal Audit Integrated Enterprise Risk Management Regulatory Governance Provides independent and objective audit, investigative, and advisory services designed to provide assurance that the Company is appropriately addressing its risks; assists senior management and the Board in accomplishing their objectives by bringing a systematic, disciplined, technology-enabled approach to evaluate, investigate, and improve the effectiveness of risk management, governance, controls, and operations. AI tools and automation are embedded in the audit process to enhance visibility and accelerate reporting. The Audit Committee reviews the internal audit assessment quarterly. Our integrated enterprise risk management approach establishes clear accountability and fosters collaboration across business units and compliance, audit, and legal functions. Senior management, with support of assigned risk owners, leads the identification, assessment, prioritization, and mitigation of the Company s most significant risks with input from operational management, operational risk teams, and subject matter experts. The enterprise risk management team coordinates cross-company risk assessments and partners with internal audit to ensure focus on most significant risks. The Audit Committee reviews the enterprise risk management assessment semi-annually. To comply with the accelerating global regulatory obligations, the Company has implemented comprehensive compliance programs across its operations to adapt to these changes and to maintain customer and regulator confidence. The Company monitors regulatory developments around the world and implements policies, controls, and technical safeguards so that its operations, products, and services meet applicable legal standards. The Company s business teams, with legal support, manage the compliance programs and prepare external regulatory and commercial reporting, and the Company s internal audit teams conduct reviews of the programs and processes. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Selected Areas of Oversight Cybersecurity The Board maintains direct oversight over cybersecurity risk. The Board receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding cybersecurity governance processes, the status of projects to strengthen internal cybersecurity, security features of the products and services we provide our customers, and the results of security breach simulations. Cybersecurity reviews by the Board are scheduled to occur at least quarterly, or more frequently as determined to be necessary or advisable. The Board also discusses recent incidents throughout the industry and the emerging threat landscape. Additional discussion of our approach to cybersecurity is available in Part I, Item 1C of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. AI Strategy, Governance, and Regulation The Board maintains direct oversight over AI strategy risk. Our Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee assists the Board in overseeing Microsoft s AI governance and regulation risk and provides oversight and guidance on Microsoft s responsible AI policies and programs. The Committee receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding Microsoft s ability to design, build, use, and access AI in a way that is responsible and meets customer expectations and regulatory requirements. Datacenter Supply Chain and Capacity Our Audit Committee and Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee assist the Board in overseeing Microsoft s datacenter supply chain and capacity risk. The Committees regularly interact with management on supply chain network management, including management of resource availability, delivery of network, diversification of suppliers, and navigation through political tensions. Software and Services Quality and Availability The Board maintains direct oversight over Microsoft s ability to deliver products and services that are mission critical ready and meet or exceed customer expectations. The Board receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding Microsoft s products and service resiliency, which is part of the design, engineering, and operations for constant availability. Digital Safety and Service Misuse Our Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee assists the Board in overseeing Microsoft s digital safety and service misuse risk. The Committee receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding the protection of users from mental, physical, or other harms caused by content or conduct on Microsoft services, as well as the evolving regulatory landscape. Culture, Workplace, and Talent Management The Compensation Committee assists the Board in overseeing Microsoft s human capital management. The Board and the Compensation Committee engage with senior management, including Human Resources executives, across a broad range of human capital management topics. Management prepares and reviews with the Board a variety of materials including culture, succession planning and development, compensation, benefits, employee recruiting and retention, and culture. The Compensation Committee and Audit Committee also evaluate management s annual assessment of risk related to our compensation policies and practices, including reviewing the work of management s Sales Incentive Compensation Governance Committee. Sustainability Our Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee assists the Board in overseeing Microsoft s environmental sustainability commitments. The Committee receives updates and provides feedback on Microsoft s progress towards environmental sustainability commitments across climate, water, waste, and biodiversity as well as emerging regulations and other requirements. 8 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Our Governance Structure Framework We have developed a corporate governance framework designed to ensure our Board has the authority and practices in place to review and evaluate our business operations and to make decisions independent of management. Our goal is to align the interests of directors, management, and shareholders, and comply with or exceed the requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( Nasdaq ) and applicable laws and regulations. This framework establishes the practices our Board follows with respect to, among other things, Board composition and member selection, Board meetings and involvement of senior management, director compensation, CEO performance evaluation, management succession planning, and Board committees. The Board is committed to seeking opportunities for improvements on an ongoing basis. Each summer, the Board updates our corporate governance framework based on shareholder feedback, results from the annual shareholders meeting, the Board and committees annual assessments, governance best practices, and regulatory developments. Our Board maintains a variety of documents detailing the directives and procedures associated with corporate governance at Microsoft, listed below. These documents are available on our website at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines . Articles of Incorporation Bylaws Corporate Governance Guidelines Director Independence Guidelines Microsoft Finance Code of Professional Conduct Microsoft Standards of Business Conduct ( Trust Code ) Audit Committee Charter and Responsibilities Calendar Compensation Committee Charter Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee Charter Governance and Nominating Committee Charter Executive Stock Ownership Policy Executive Compensation Recovery Policy Compensation Consultant Independence Standards Shareholder Rights Microsoft strives to implement best practices in shareholder rights and to ensure the Company and Board align with the long-term interests of shareholders. We have enhanced our corporate governance framework over time based on input from our Board, shareholders, and other governance experts. Shareholder rights include: Single class of shares with each share entitled to one vote Annual election of all directors (unclassified board) Majority voting standard for directors in uncontested elections Confidential voting policy Shareholders of 15% of outstanding shares have the right to call a special meeting Proxy access bylaw allows groups of up to 20 shareholders holding 3% of shares for at least three years to nominate up to two individuals or 20% of the Board (whichever is greater) for inclusion in the proxy statement and ballot for election at an annual shareholders meeting Other requirements that align Company and long-term interests of shareholders include: Significant stock ownership requirements for directors, executive officers, and other senior leaders Strong no-fault executive compensation recovery ( clawback ) policy that applies to executive officers, other senior leaders, and our chief accounting officer Strict hedging and pledging prohibitions against our directors and executive officers hedging their ownership of Microsoft stock, including by trading in options, puts, calls, or other derivative instruments related to Company equity or debt securities. Directors and executive officers are prohibited from purchasing Microsoft stock on margin, borrowing against Microsoft stock held in a margin account, or pledging Microsoft stock as collateral for a loan Board tenure policy that seeks to maintain an average tenure of 10 years or less for the Board s independent directors as a group Public company board service guideline that, absent circumstances that enable the director to have sufficient capacity, generally no director should serve on more than three other public company boards. Directors who are current CEOs should not serve on more than one other public company board 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Shareholder Engagement Effective corporate governance includes regular, constructive conversations with our shareholders to proactively seek shareholder insights and to answer shareholder inquiries. We maintain an active dialogue with shareholders to ensure we thoughtfully consider a diversity of perspectives on issues including strategy, business performance, risk, culture and workplace topics, compensation practices, and a broad range of environmental and social topics. As noted above, the Board updates our corporate governance framework each summer based on a number of inputs, including shareholder feedback. Our Office of the Corporate Secretary coordinates shareholder engagement with Investor Relations and provides a summary of all relevant environmental, social, and governance ( ESG ) feedback to our Board. In fiscal year 2025, we engaged on ESG topics with a cross-section of shareholders owning approximately 50% of Microsoft shares. The Lead Independent Director and Compensation Committee chair also have ongoing consultations on governance and executive compensation topics with a cross-section of Microsoft s large institutional investors. In addition, throughout the year our Investor Relations group engages with our shareholders, frequently along with Satya Nadella, our Chairman and CEO, and Amy Hood, our CFO. We also share relevant information through our Investor Relations website, our Annual Report, this Proxy Statement, our Reports Hub, and in posts on the Microsoft On the Issues blog. Board Leadership The Board s independent directors elected Satya Nadella to the role of Chairman and CEO, and Sandra Peterson as Lead Independent Director. In his role, Mr. Nadella leverages his deep understanding of the business to elevate the right strategic opportunities and identify key risks and mitigation approaches for the Board s review. As Lead Independent Director, Ms. Peterson has a clearly defined set of responsibilities, significant authority, and provides independent Board leadership. Key responsibilities and authority include: Chairs executive sessions and coordinates activities of the independent directors Leads the Board s annual CEO performance evaluation Coordinates Board oversight of CEO succession planning, including maintenance of an emergency succession plan Shapes, reviews, and has final authority to approve the agenda and schedule for Board meetings Chairs the annual shareholders meeting Acts as liaison between the independent directors and the Chairman and CEO Authorizes retention of outside counsel, advisors, or other consultants who report directly to the Board Leads the Board meetings when the Chairman and CEO is not present Calls meetings of the independent directors When requested, represents the Board with internal and external audiences, including shareholders The Board does not have a policy as to whether the Chairman should be an independent director, an affiliated director, or a member of management. The independent directors annually appoint a Chairman of the Board. To ensure robust independent leadership on the Board, if the individual appointed as Chairman is not an independent director, or when the independent directors determine that it is in the best interests of the Company, the independent directors will also annually appoint a Lead Independent Director. Our Board believes its current leadership structure is appropriate because it effectively allocates authority, responsibility, and oversight between management and the independent members of our Board. It does this by giving primary responsibility for the operational leadership and strategic direction of the Company to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, while enabling the Lead Independent Director to facilitate our Board s independent oversight of management, promote communication between management and our Board, and support our Board s consideration of key governance matters. The Board believes its programs for overseeing risk, as described in this Part 1 under Risk Oversight, would be effective under a variety of leadership frameworks and therefore do not materially affect its choice of structure. CEO Succession A primary responsibility of the Board is planning for CEO succession and overseeing identification and development of other members of the senior leadership team ( SLT ). The Board and the Compensation Committee work with the CEO and our Chief Human Resources Officer to plan for succession. For the CEO, the succession plan covers identification of internal and external 10 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING candidates, and professional and leadership development plans for internal candidates. The Board annually reviews the CEO succession plan. The criteria used to assess potential CEO candidates are formulated based on the Company s business strategies, and include strategic vision, leadership, and operational execution. The Board is committed to actively seeking highly qualified women and individuals from minority groups to include in the pool of potential CEO candidates. The Board maintains an emergency succession contingency plan that is reviewed on an annual basis by the Board and Governance and Nominating Committee. The plan identifies roles and responsibilities of individuals who would act if an unforeseen event prevented the CEO from continuing to serve. The Compensation Committee reviews the plan with the CEO and reports to the Board on development and succession plans for the other members of the SLT. The Board may review development and succession planning more frequently as it deems necessary or desirable. Annual Board and Committee Evaluation Process The Board is committed to a rigorous self-evaluation process. The Governance and Nominating Committee annually evaluates the performance of the Board. In fiscal year 2025, the evaluation included utilizing a third-party facilitator to seek feedback from each director on the performance of the Board and each committee. The results were reported to and discussed with the Board and each relevant committee. Our evaluation process is designed to elicit feedback on the processes, structure, composition, and effectiveness of the Board and each committee. The evaluation results have facilitated increased Board and committee effectiveness, including driving clarity on key areas for the Board s focus over the coming year, focus on sustainable growth strategies for the Company, and input on management development and succession planning as well as Board and committee composition and recruiting. Director Attendance Each quarter, our Board holds two-day meetings comprised of committee and Board meetings. At each quarterly Board meeting, time is set aside for the independent directors to meet without management present. Additional executive sessions are held as needed. In addition to the quarterly meetings, typically there are other regularly scheduled Board and committee meetings and several special meetings each year. Our Board met six times during fiscal year 2025. In addition, the Board held periodic meetings dedicated to strategy topics which included presentations and discussions with members of our SLT and other senior management. Each director nominee attended at least 75% of the aggregate of all fiscal year 2025 meetings of the Board and each committee on which he or she served. In fiscal year 2025, the Board and committees of the Board held a total of 27 meetings. Together, the director nominees attended at least 90% of the combined total meetings of the Board and the committees on which they were members in fiscal year 2025. Directors are expected to attend the annual shareholders meeting, if practicable. All directors attended the 2024 Annual Meeting. Director Orientation and Continuing Education Our orientation programs are designed to familiarize new directors with our businesses, strategies, and policies and assist new directors in developing Company and industry knowledge to optimize their service on the Board. We support our directors in their continuing education by providing programs that enhance the skills and knowledge directors use to perform their responsibilities. These programs may include internally developed programs or programs presented by third parties. Past sessions covered topics ranging from Business Applications and Platforms to the evolution of our professional network strategy and strategic shift in marketing. Director Stock Ownership Policy To align the interests of our directors and shareholders, our directors are required to own Microsoft shares equal in value to at least three times the base annual retainer (cash and stock) payable to a director. Each director must retain 50% of all net shares (post-tax) from the retainer until reaching the minimum share ownership requirement. Stock deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors counts toward the minimum ownership requirement. Each of our directors complied with our stock ownership policy in fiscal year 2025. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Derivatives Trading, Hedging, and Pledging Our directors and executive officers are prohibited from trading in options, puts, calls, or other derivative instruments related to Microsoft equity or debt securities. They also are prohibited from purchasing Microsoft common stock on margin, borrowing against Microsoft common stock held in a margin account, or pledging Microsoft common stock as collateral for a loan. Employees, other than executive officers, are generally permitted to engage in transactions designed to hedge or offset market risk. Insider Trading Policies and Procedures We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures applicable to our directors, officers, and employees, and have implemented processes for the Company that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and the Nasdaq listing standards. Our General Insider Trading Policy prohibits our employees and related persons and entities from trading in securities of Microsoft and other companies while in possession of material, nonpublic information. Our General Insider Trading Policy also prohibits our employees from disclosing material, nonpublic information of Microsoft, or another publicly traded company, to others who may trade on the basis of that information. Our Restricted Trading Window Policy requires that certain officers of the Company (corporate vice presidents and above) and other designated employees only transact in Microsoft securities during an open window period, subject to limited exceptions. In addition, certain officers of the Company are required to obtain approval in advance of transactions in Microsoft securities. Our executive officers and directors must also comply with additional trading restrictions. The foregoing summary of our insider trading policies and procedures does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to our General Insider Trading Policy, Restricted Trading Window Policy, and Insider Trading Compliance and Preclearance Policies for Section 16 Officers and Directors of Microsoft, copies of which can be found as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. Board Independence The Board s independence enables it to be objective and critical in carrying out its oversight responsibilities. The Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a substantial majority of our directors will be independent. The independent members of the Board annually appoint a Lead Independent Director to facilitate the Board s oversight of management, promote communication between management and our Board, engage with shareholders, and lead consideration of key governance matters. Key elements of our Board independence include: 11 of 12 director nominees are independent . We are committed to maintaining a substantial majority of directors who are independent of the Company and management. Except for our Chairman and CEO, Satya Nadella, all director nominees are independent Board tenure . We are committed to board refreshment. To strike a balance between retaining directors with deep knowledge of the Company and adding directors with a fresh perspective, the Board seeks to maintain an average tenure of 10 years or less for its independent directors as a group. The average tenure for our independent director nominees is 6.8 years. The average tenure is 7.1 years if Mr. Nadella is included Board diversity . The Board is committed to actively seeking highly qualified women and individuals from minority groups to include in the pool of potential Board nominees and CEO candidates Executive sessions of independent directors . At each quarterly Board meeting, time is set aside for the independent directors to meet in executive session without management present. Additional executive sessions are held as needed Committee independence . Only independent directors are members of the Board s committees. Each committee meets regularly in executive session Independent compensation consultant . The compensation consultant retained by the Compensation Committee is independent of the Company and management as required by the Compensation Consultant Independence Standards Lead Independent Director . As described in the Board Leadership section, the Lead Independent Director has a clearly defined set of responsibilities, significant authority, and provides independent Board leadership Board Committees To support effective corporate governance, our Board delegates certain responsibilities to its committees, who report on their activities to the Board. These committees have the authority to engage legal counsel or other advisors or consultants as they deem appropriate to carry out their responsibilities. Our Board has four standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, an Environmental , Social, and Public Policy Committee, and a Governance and Nominating Committee. 12 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING The table below provides current membership for each Board committee, followed by a summary of each committee s responsibilities. Each committee has a charter describing its specific responsibilities which can be found on our website at aka.ms/boardcommittees . Director Audit Compensation Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Governance and Nominating Reid G. Hoffman Member Hugh F. Johnston Chair, Financial Expert Teri L. List Financial Expert and Member Member Catherine MacGregor Member Member Mark A. L. Mason Member Satya Nadella Sandra E. Peterson Member Chair Penny S. Pritzker Chair Carlos A. Rodriguez* Financial Expert and Member Chair Charles W. Scharf Member Member John W. Stanton Member Member Emma N. Walmsley Member Member Number of meetings in fiscal year 2025 8 5 4 4 * Mr. Rodriguez is not seeking re-election at the 2025 Annual Meeting. John David Rainey is nominated for election to the Board at the Annual Meeting. The Board will consider committee appointments for Mr. Rainey if he is elected to the Board. Audit Committee Oversee the work of our accounting function and internal control over financial reporting Oversee internal auditing processes Inquire about significant risks, review our policies for enterprise risk assessment and risk management, and except as to those risks for which oversight has been assigned to other committees of the Board or retained by the Board, assess the steps management has taken to control these risks Review with management policies, practices, compliance, and risks relating to our investment portfolio Review with management the Company s business continuity, resiliency, and disaster preparedness planning Review compliance with significant applicable legal, ethical, and regulatory requirements, including those relating to regulatory matters that may have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or internal control over financial reporting The Audit Committee is responsible for the compensation, retention, and oversight of the independent auditor engaged to issue audit reports on our consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee relies on the expertise and knowledge of management, the internal auditor, and the independent auditor in carrying out its oversight responsibilities. The Board has determined that each Audit Committee member has sufficient knowledge in financial and auditing matters to serve on the Audit Committee. All current members of the Audit Committee meet the Nasdaq listing standard of financial sophistication and three are audit committee financial experts under Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules. As provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, members of the Audit Committee ordinarily may not serve on over three public company audit committees (including Microsoft s). In calculating service on a public company board or audit committee, service on a board or audit committee of a parent and its substantially-owned subsidiary counts as service on a single board or audit committee. Any Audit Committee member s service on over three public company audit committees will be subject to the Board s determination that the member is able to effectively serve on the Company s Audit Committee. The Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board considered Ms. List s service on four public company audit committees, including her 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING professional qualifications, former experience as a public company chief financial officer, the fact she is retired from active employment, and the nature of and time involved in her service on other boards. Following such review, the Board determined that Ms. List is able to effectively continue to serve on the Company s Audit Committee. Compensation Committee Assist our Board in establishing the annual goals and objectives of our CEO Establish the process for annually reviewing our CEO s performance Recommend our CEO s compensation to the independent members of our Board for approval Approve annual compensation, annual goals and objectives, and in consultation with the CEO, oversee performance evaluations for the non-CEO members of the SLT Review and discuss with the CEO and report to the Board development and corporate succession plans for the non-CEO members of the SLT Oversee administration of the Company s equity-based compensation and retirement plans Monitor and evaluate the compensation and benefits structure of Microsoft as the Committee deems appropriate, including policies regarding SLT compensation Oversee and advise the Board and management about Company programs for culture and human capital management Periodically review the compensation paid to non-employee directors and make recommendations to our Board for any adjustments Oversee the process and review the results of investigations of any sexual harassment complaints against senior officers. The Committee will report to the full Board on the conclusions of any investigation that results in a founded determination and the disciplinary and other actions taken Our senior executives for Human Resources support the Compensation Committee in its work. The Committee may delegate its authority to subcommittees and to one or more designated members of the Committee. The Committee may delegate to one or more executive officers the authority to make grants of equity-based compensation to eligible individuals who are not executive officers and to administer the Company s equity-based compensation plans. The Committee has delegated to senior management the authority to make stock award grants to employees who are not members of the SLT or Section 16 officers and to administer the Company s equity-based compensation plans. Independent compensation consultant . The Compensation Committee retained Pay Governance LLC as its independent compensation consultant throughout fiscal year 2025. The consultant advises the Committee on marketplace trends in executive compensation, management proposals for compensation programs, and executive officer compensation decisions. The consultant also evaluates compensation for non-employee directors, other members of senior management, and equity compensation programs generally. The consultant discusses recommendations to the Board on CEO compensation with the Committee and is directly accountable to the Committee. To maintain the independence of the consultant s advice, the firm does not provide services to Microsoft other than those described above. The Committee has adopted Compensation Consultant Independence Standards, which can be viewed on our website at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines . These standards require that the Committee annually assess the independence of its compensation consultant. A consultant satisfying the following requirements will be considered independent. The consultant (including each individual employee of the consultant providing services): Is retained and terminated by, has its compensation fixed by, and reports solely to, the Compensation Committee Is independent of the Company Will not perform any work for Company management except at the request of the Compensation Committee chair and in the capacity of the Committee s agent Should not provide any unrelated services or products to the Company and its affiliates or management, except for surveys purchased from the consultant s firm In assessing the consultant s independence, the Compensation Committee considers the nature and amount of work performed for the Committee during the year, the nature of any unrelated services performed for the Company, and the fees paid for those services in relation to the firm s total revenue. The consultant annually prepares for the Committee an independence letter providing assurances and confirmation of the consultant s independent status under the standards. The Committee believes that Pay Governance has been independent during its service for the Committee. 14 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee Assist the Board in overseeing the Company s key non-financial regulatory risks that may have a material impact on the Company and its ability to sustain trust with customers, employees, and the public Oversee management policies and programs relating to key environmental and social matters including climate change and environmental sustainability, competition and antitrust, privacy, national security, trade, digital safety, responsible AI, accessibility, human rights, and responsible sourcing Review our government relations activity and political activities and expenditures Review our public policy agenda and position on significant public policy matters Governance and Nominating Committee Determine and recommend the slate of director nominees for election to our Board during the annual shareholders meeting Identify, recruit, and recommend candidates for the Board Review and make recommendations to the Board about the composition of Board committees Annually evaluate the performance and effectiveness of the Board Annually assess the independence of each director Monitor adherence to, review, develop, and recommend changes to our corporate governance framework Review and provide guidance to the Board and management about the framework for the Board s oversight of, and involvement in, shareholder engagement Annually review the charters of Board committees and, after consultation with the respective committees, recommend to the Board appropriate changes Oversee the process and review the results of investigations of any sexual harassment complaints against members of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. The Committee will report to the full Board on the conclusions of any investigation that results in a founded determination and the disciplinary and other actions taken Director Selection and Qualifications Shareholders elect our Board of Directors annually. In making its annual director nominations determination, the Board s objective is to recommend a group of directors that can best ensure the continuing success of our business and represent shareholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment using its diversity of experience and perspectives. The Governance and Nominating Committee recommends to the Board director candidates for nomination and election during the annual shareholders meeting or for appointment to fill vacancies. The Committee works with our Board to strategically consider the composition and skills needed on the Board over the short-, medium-, and long-term. In doing so, they determine the characteristics, skills, and experience for the Board as a whole and its individual members with the objective of having a board with diverse backgrounds, skills, and experience. In making its recommendations to our Board, the Committee considers the qualifications of individual director candidates applying the Board membership criteria described below. The Committee retains any search firm involved in identifying potential candidates and approves their fees. For all directors, we require an independent mindset, integrity, personal and professional ethics, business judgment, and the ability and willingness to commit sufficient time to the Board. Our Board considers many factors in evaluating the suitability of individual director candidates, including their general understanding of global business, sales and marketing, finance, and other disciplines relevant to the success of a large, publicly traded company; understanding of our business and technology; educational and professional background; personal accomplishment; and geographic, gender, age, and ethnic diversity. This Proxy Statement includes a table summarizing the key qualifications, skills, and attributes currently most relevant to the decision to nominate candidates to serve on the Board. As the Board strives to maintain a diverse set of skills and attributes, it also expects that each member will be able to understand and contribute meaningfully to the oversight of the range of material business, risk, and regulatory issues the Company faces. Management s responsibility includes educating and communicating to the Board in a way that enables effective oversight of this broad set of issues. The Board is committed to actively seeking highly qualified women and individuals from minority groups to include in the pool from which new candidates are selected. We work with our search firm to ensure the candidate slate provided to the Committee includes diverse candidates. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING The Board does not believe that directors should expect to be re-nominated annually. In determining whether to recommend a director for re-election, the Committee considers the director s participation in and contributions to the activities of the Board, the results of the most recent Board evaluation, and meeting attendance. When the Committee recruits new director candidates, that process typically involves either a search firm or a member of the Committee contacting a prospect to assess interest and availability. A candidate will then meet with members of the Board and Mr. Nadella, and then meet with members of management as appropriate. At the same time, the Committee and the search firm typically contacts references for the candidate. A background check is completed in connection with a candidate s nomination by the Board. Shareholders have previously elected all Board nominees except Mr. Rainey. In recruiting Mr. Rainey, the Committee retained the search firm Spencer Stuart to help identify director prospects and provide other related services. The Committee assesses its efforts to maintain an effective and diverse board as part of its regular responsibilities, which include annually: Reporting to our Board on the performance and effectiveness of the Board Presenting to our Board individuals recommended for election to the Board at the annual shareholders meeting Assessing the Committee s own performance Shareholder Recommendations and Nominations of Director Candidates Recommendations The Governance and Nominating Committee considers shareholder recommendations for candidates for the Board of Directors using the same criteria described above. The name of any recommended candidate for director, together with a brief biography, a document indicating the candidate s willingness to serve if elected, and evidence of the nominating shareholder s ownership of Company stock must be sent to the attention of MSC 123/9999, Office of the Corporate Secretary, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA, 98052-6399. Our Board and the Governance and Nominating Committee believe that all candidates should be treated equitably with respect to administrative and evidentiary requirements. Therefore, all nominees, whether proposed by the Board or recommended by shareholders, shall be subject to the same standards and informational requirements. Nominations Our Bylaws provide for proxy access shareholder nominations of director candidates by eligible shareholders. A shareholder who wishes to formally nominate a candidate, whether for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement or not, must follow the procedures described in Article 1 of our Bylaws. Appropriately nominated proxy access candidates or candidates who comply with both our Advanced Notice Bylaw Provisions and the SEC s Rule 14a-19 will be included in the Company s proxy statement and ballot. 16 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Board Composition and Diversity Our Board of Directors believes that having a diverse mix of directors with complementary qualifications, expertise, and attributes is essential to meeting its oversight responsibility. A mark indicates a specific area of focus or expertise on which the Board particularly relies. Not having a mark does not mean the director does not possess that qualification or skill. Our director nominees biographies describe each director s background and relevant experience in more detail. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Our Director Nominees Following are biographies for the 12 directors nominated by the Board for election during the 2025 Annual Meeting. Reid G. Hoffman Age: 58 | Director since: 2017 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Greylock Partners (2009-present) (venture capital firm) Partner (2023-present) General Partner (2009-2023) Reinvent Capital (2019-present) Advisory Partner (2019-present) LinkedIn Corporation (2003-2016) Co-founder and Chairman (2003-2016) Executive Chairman (2009) Chief Executive Officer (2003-2007 and 2008-2009) President, Products (2007-2008) PayPal Holdings, Inc. (2000-2002) Executive Vice President (2000-2002) Microsoft Committees: Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: Aurora Innovation, Inc. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: Joby Aviation, Inc. Reinvent Technology Partners Z Hugh F. Johnston Age: 64 | Director since: 2017 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: The Walt Disney Company (2023-present) (media and entertainment) Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2023-present) PepsiCo, Inc. (1987-1999 and 2002-2023) Vice Chairman (2015-2023) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2010-2023) Executive Vice President, Global Operations (2009-2010) President, Pepsi-Cola North America (2007-2009) Various positions of increasing authority (1987-1999 and 2002-2007) Merck Co., Inc. (1999-2002) Vice President, Retail Marketing, Merck-Medco Managed Care LLC (1999-2002) Microsoft Committees: Audit (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: HCA Healthcare, Inc. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: None Board Diversity Financial Global Business Leadership Mergers and Acquisitions Sales and Marketing Technology 18 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Teri L. List Age: 62 | Director since: 2014 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: The Gap, Inc. (2016-2020) (clothing and accessories retailer) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2016-2020) Dick s Sporting Goods, Inc. (2015-2016) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2015-2016) Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (2013-2015) Senior Advisor (2015) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2013-2015) Senior Vice President (2013) The Procter Gamble Company (1994-2013) Senior Vice President and Treasurer (2009-2013) Various positions of increasing authority (1994-2009) Microsoft Committees: Audit Governance and Nominating Other Public Company Directorships: Danaher Corporation lululemon athletica inc. Visa Inc. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: DoubleVerify Holdings, Inc. Oscar Health, Inc. Other Positions: Former Trustee, Financial Accounting Foundation Former Practice Fellow, Financial Accounting Standards Board Catherine MacGregor Age: 53 | Director Since: 2023 | Birthplace: Morocco | Independent Experience: Engie S.A. (2021-present) (energy company) Group Chief Executive Officer and Director (2021-present) TechnipFMC plc (2019-2020) President, Technip Energies (2019-2020) Schlumberger N.V. (1995-2018) President, Drilling Group (London) (2017) President, Reservoir Characterization Group (France) (2016) President, Europe Africa, La Defense (France) (2013) President, Wireline, Schlumberger Wireline (France) (2009) Group Human Resource Director (France) (2007) Various positions of increasing authority (Congo, UK, Malaysia, US, and France) (1995-2007) Microsoft Committees: Compensation Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: Engie S.A. Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: None 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Mark A. L. Mason Age: 56 | Director Since: 2023 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Citigroup Inc. (2001-present) (banking and financial services company) Chief Financial Officer (2019-present) Chief Financial Officer, Institutional Clients Group (2014) Chief Executive Officer, Citi Private Bank (2013) Chief Executive Officer, Citi Holdings (2012) Chief Operating Officer, Citi Holdings (2009) Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy and M A, Global Wealth Management (2006) Various positions of increasing authority (2001-2006) Microsoft Committees: Governance and Nominating Other Public Company Directorships: None Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: None Satya Nadella Age: 58 | Director Since: 2014 | Birthplace: India Experience: Microsoft Corporation (1992-present) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (2021-present) Chief Executive Officer and Director (2014-2021) Executive Vice President, Cloud and Enterprise (2013-2014) President, Server and Tools (2011-2013) Senior Vice President, Online Services Division (2009-2011) Senior Vice President, Search, Portal, and Advertising (2008-2009) Various positions of increasing authority (1992-2008) Microsoft Committees: None Other Public Company Directorships: None Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: Starbucks Corporation Board Diversity Financial Global Business Leadership Mergers and Acquisitions Sales and Marketing Technology 20 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Sandra E. Peterson Age: 66 | Director Since: 2015 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Microsoft Corporation (2015-present) Lead Independent Director (2023-present) Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC (2019-present) (investment firm) Operating Partner (2019-present) Johnson Johnson (2012-2018) Group Worldwide Chair and member of the Executive Committee (2012-2018) Bayer CropScience AG (2010-2012) Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Management (2010-2012) Member of Board of Management (2010) Bayer HealthCare LLC (2005-2010) Executive Vice President and President, Medical Care (2009-2010) President, Diabetes Care Division (2005-2009) Medco Health Solutions, Inc. (1999-2004) Group President of Government (2003-2004) Senior Vice President, Health Businesses, Merck-Medco Managed Care LLC (2001-2003) Senior Vice President, Marketing and Strategy, Merck-Medco Managed Care LLC (1999-2001) Microsoft Committees: Compensation Governance and Nominating (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: None Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: Covetrus, Inc. Zymergen, Inc. Penny S. Pritzker Age: 66 | Director Since: 2017 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: United States Secretary of Commerce (2013-2017) PSP Partners, LLC (present) (private investment firm) Founder and Chairman (present) Pritzker Realty Group (present) Co-founder and Chairman (present) Inspired Capital Partners (present) Co-founder and Chairman (present) Artemis Real Estate Partners (2009-2013; 2017-2025) Co-founder (2009-2013; 2017-2025) The Parking Spot (1998-2011) Co-founder and Chairman (1998-2011) Vi Senior Living (1987-2011) Founder and Chairman (1987-2011) Microsoft Committees: Environmental, Social, and Public Policy (Chair) Other Public Company Directorships: None Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: None Other Positions: Co-founder, Pritzker Traubert Foundation 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING John David Rainey Age: 55 | Director Since: New Nominee | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Walmart Inc. (2022-present) (retail company) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2022-present) PayPal Holdings, Inc. (2015-2022) Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Customer Operations (2015-2022) United Airlines, Inc. (2010-2015) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2012-2015) Senior Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis (2010-2012) Microsoft Committees: Appointment will be made after election Other Public Company Directorships: None Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: Nasdaq, Inc. Charles W. Scharf Age: 60 | Director Since: 2014 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Wells Fargo Company (2019-present) (banking and financial services company) Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director (2019-present) The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (2017-2019) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (2018-2019) Chief Executive Officer and Director (2017) Visa Inc. (2012-2016) Chief Executive Officer and Director (2012-2016) JPMorgan Chase Co. (2004-2012) Managing Director, One Equity Partners, private investment arm (2011-2012) Chief Executive Officer of Retail Financial Services (2004-2011) Bank One Corporation (2000-2004) Chief Executive Officer of the Retail Division (2002-2004) Chief Financial Officer (2000-2002) Citigroup Inc. (1999-2000) Chief Financial Officer of the Global Corporate and Investment Bank Division (1999-2000) Microsoft Committees: Compensation Governance and Nominating Other Public Company Directorships: Wells Fargo Company Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: None Board Diversity Financial Global Business Leadership Mergers and Acquisitions Sales and Marketing Technology 22 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING John W. Stanton Age: 70 | Director Since: 2014 | Birthplace: United States | Independent Experience: Trilogy Partnerships (2005-present) (investment company) Founder and Chairman (2005-present) Clearwire Corp. (2008-2013) Chairman of the Board (2011-2013) Interim Chief Executive Officer (2011) Board member (2008-2011) Western Wireless Corporation (1992-2005) Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman (1992-2005) VoiceStream Wireless Corporation (1995-2003) Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (1995-2003) Microsoft Committees: Audit Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: Costco Wholesale Corporation Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: Trilogy International Partners, Inc. Other Positions: Chairman, First Avenue Entertainment LLLP, owner of Seattle Mariners (2016-present) Emma N. Walmsley Age: 56 | Director Since: 2019 | Birthplace: United Kingdom | Independent Experience: GSK plc (2010-present) (healthcare company) Chief Executive Officer and Director (2017-present) Chief Executive Officer, Consumer Healthcare (2015-2016) President, Consumer Healthcare (2012-2015) President, Consumer Healthcare Europe (2010-2012) L Oreal, S.A. (1994-2010) General Manager, Consumer Products, China (2007-2010) Global Brand Head, Maybelline, USA (2002-2007) UK General Manager, Garnier/Maybelline (1999-2002) Various positions of increasing authority (1994-1999) Microsoft Committees: Compensation Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Other Public Company Directorships: GSK plc Former Public Company Directorships Held in the Past Five Years: None 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 23 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING How to Communicate with our Board We will transmit shareholder communications related to corporate governance and other Board matters to the Board, a committee of the Board, or a director as designated in your message. Communications relating to other topics, including those that are primarily commercial in nature, will not be forwarded. @ askboard@microsoft.com MSC 123/9999 Office of the Corporate Secretary Microsoft Corporation One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052-6399 Concerns about accounting or auditing matters or possible violations of our Standards of Business Conduct should be reported under the procedures outlined in the Microsoft Standards of Business Conduct, which is available on our Microsoft integrity website at microsoft.com/legal/compliance/integrity . Director Independence Our Board has adopted director independence guidelines to assist in determining each director s independence. These guidelines are available on our website at aka.ms/policiesandguidelines . The guidelines either meet or are more restrictive than the definition of independent director in the listing requirements of Nasdaq and applicable laws and regulations. The guidelines identify categories of relationships the Board has determined would not affect a director s independence and therefore are not considered by the Board in determining director independence. Following the director independence guidelines, each year and before a new director is appointed, the Board must affirmatively determine a director has no relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities as a director. Annually, each director completes a detailed questionnaire that provides information about relationships that might affect the determination of independence. Management provides the Governance and Nominating Committee and Board with relevant known facts and circumstances of any relationship bearing on the independence of a director or nominee that is outside the categories permitted under the director independence guidelines. The Committee then completes an assessment of each director considering all known relevant facts and circumstances concerning any relationship bearing on the independence of a director or nominee. This process includes evaluating whether any identified relationship otherwise adversely affects a director s independence and affirmatively determining that the director has no material relationship with Microsoft, another director, or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization that has a relationship with our Company. The Governance and Nominating Committee also considers the tenure of a director, and for longer serving directors, whether the duration of service impacts the director s independence from management, as demonstrated by the director s relationship with management and the director s participation in Board and committee deliberations. The Board seeks to maintain an average tenure of 10 years or less for its independent directors as a group. Based on the review and recommendation by the Governance and Nominating Committee, the Board analyzed the independence of each director and nominee. The Board determined that Mses. List, MacGregor, Peterson, Pritzker, and Walmsley, and Messrs. Hoffman, Johnston, Mason, Rainey, Rodriguez, Scharf, and Stanton meet the standards of independence under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the director independence guidelines, and applicable Nasdaq listing standards, including that each member is free of any relationship that would interfere with his or her individual exercise of independent judgment. In making its independence determination, the Committee and Board considered ordinary course transactions between Microsoft and certain related entities, for instance the purchase of software licenses by companies of which a director is an executive officer, and purchases by Microsoft of goods and services from such companies. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions We are a global company with extensive operations in the U.S. and many foreign countries. Every year, we spend billions of dollars for goods and services purchased from third parties. The authority of our employees to purchase goods and services is widely dispersed. Because of these wide-ranging activities, there may be transactions, business arrangements, or relationships with businesses and other organizations in which one of our directors, executive officers, nominees for director, or an owner of 5% or more of our stock ( 5% shareholders ), or their immediate families, may also be a director, executive officer, or investor, or have some other direct or indirect material interest ( related entities ). We will refer to these transactions with related entities as related-party transactions where the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and a director, executive officer, nominee for director or 5% shareholders, or immediate family member has a direct or indirect material interest. 24 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Related-party transactions have the potential to create actual or perceived conflicts of interest between Microsoft and its directors, executive officers, nominees for director or 5% shareholders, or their immediate family members. The Audit Committee has established a written policy and procedures for review and approval of related-party transactions. If a related-party transaction subject to review involves directly or indirectly a member of the Audit Committee (or an immediate family member or domestic partner), the remaining Committee members will conduct the review. In evaluating a related-party transaction, the Audit Committee considers, among other factors: The goods or services provided by or to the related party The nature of the transaction and the costs to be incurred by Microsoft or payments to Microsoft The benefits associated with the transaction and whether comparable or alternative goods or services are available to Microsoft from unrelated parties The business advantage Microsoft would gain by engaging in the transaction The significance of the transaction to Microsoft and to the related party Management s determination that the transaction is in the best interests of Microsoft To receive Audit Committee approval, a related-party transaction must have a Microsoft business purpose and be on terms that are fair and reasonable to Microsoft and be as favorable to Microsoft as would be available from non-related entities in comparable transactions. The Audit Committee also requires that the transaction meet the same Microsoft standards that apply to comparable transactions with unaffiliated entities. During fiscal year 2025, there were ordinary course transactions between Microsoft and certain related entities, for instance the purchase of software licenses by companies of which a director is an executive officer and purchases by Microsoft of goods and services from such companies. None of these transactions constituted a related-party transaction that required approval by the Audit Committee. The son of Takeshi Numoto, an executive officer, is employed by the Company in a non-executive position and received compensation in fiscal year 2025 that exceeded $120,000. The compensation and other terms of employment of Mr. Numoto s son is determined on a basis consistent with our standard policies. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 25 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Director Compensation The Compensation Committee periodically reviews the regular annual retainer paid to non-employee directors and makes recommendations for adjustments, as appropriate, to the full Board. Our objective for compensation to non-employee directors is to award the majority of compensation in equity to further align the interests of our Board with those of our shareholders and to make meaningful adjustments every few years, rather than smaller adjustments that are more frequent. In fiscal year 2025, we increased the annual base retainer and the Lead Independent Director retainer for the first time since fiscal year 2022, as shown below. Our CEO, Mr. Nadella does not receive pay for serving as a director or as Board Chairman. Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Structure for Non-Employee Directors through December 9, 2024 Regular Retainers Annual Base Retainer (TOTAL) $360,000 Cash $125,000 Stock Award $235,000 Committee Retainers (cash except stock award for Governance and Nominating Committee) Annual Audit Committee Chair Retainer $45,000 Annual Audit Committee Non-Chair Member Retainer $15,000 Annual Compensation Committee Chair Retainer $35,000 Annual Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee Chair Retainer $25,000 Annual Governance and Nominating Committee Chair Retainer $25,000 Lead Independent Director Retainer (stock award in addition to other retainers) $40,000 Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Structure for Non-Employee Directors from December 10, 2024 Regular Retainers Annual Base Retainer (TOTAL) $375,000 Cash $125,000 Stock Award $250,000 Committee Retainers (cash except stock award for Governance and Nominating Committee) Annual Audit Committee Chair Retainer $45,000 Annual Audit Committee Non-Chair Member Retainer $15,000 Annual Compensation Committee Chair Retainer $35,000 Annual Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee Chair Retainer $25,000 Annual Governance and Nominating Committee Chair Retainer $25,000 Lead Independent Director Retainer (stock award in addition to other retainers) $60,000 The Company reimburses reasonable expenses incurred for Board-related activities. Directors may participate in our corporate matching gift program for charitable donations. Director retainers are paid quarterly in arrears. Quarterly periods are measured beginning with the annual shareholders meeting. For the first quarterly period following the annual shareholders meeting, we pay 25% of the total annual retainer to each director on the last trading day in January. For the remaining quarterly periods, we pay 25% of the total annual retainer to each director at the end of the quarterly period. The number of shares awarded each quarterly period is determined by dividing the dollar value of the stock award by the market price of our common stock as of the last business day of the period. Retainers are pro-rated for directors who join or leave the Board or have a change in Board role during a quarterly period. Directors may elect to defer and convert to deferred stock awards all or part of their annual cash retainer, and to defer receipt of all or part of their annual stock awards retainer under the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. Amounts deferred are maintained in bookkeeping accounts that are deemed invested in Microsoft common stock, and dividends paid on deemed investments are also deemed to be invested in our common stock. We calculate the number of shares credited by dividing the amount deferred by the closing market price of our common stock on the originally scheduled payment date. Accounts in the plan are distributed in shares of Microsoft common stock, with payments either in installments beginning on separation from Board service or in a lump sum paid no later than the fifth anniversary after separation from Board service. 26 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Director Compensation This table describes the cash and stock award portions of the annual retainer paid to each non-employee director who served in fiscal year 2025. Mr. Nadella received no compensation as a director or Board Chairman. He is excluded from the table because we fully describe his compensation in Part 2 Named Executive Officer Compensation. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) All Other Compensation 3 ($) Total ($) Reid G. Hoffman 4 125,000 242,500 0 367,500 Hugh F. Johnston 5 170,000 242,500 0 412,500 Teri L. List 140,000 242,500 15,000 397,500 Catherine MacGregor 6 125,000 242,500 0 367,500 Mark A. L. Mason 125,000 242,500 0 367,500 Sandra E. Peterson 7 125,000 317,500 15,000 457,500 Penny S. Pritzker 8 150,000 242,500 0 392,500 Carlos A. Rodriguez 9 175,000 242,500 0 417,500 Charles W. Scharf 125,000 242,500 0 367,500 John W. Stanton 140,000 242,500 15,000 397,500 Emma N. Walmsley 10 125,000 242,500 0 367,500 (1) The value of fractional shares under stock awards that are paid in cash are reported in the Stock Awards column. (2) The aggregate award value in the Stock Awards column for each director represents four quarterly awards. The first two quarters representing a grant date fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 of $58,750 and $62,500 for the final two quarters, with exceptions as follows: As lead independent director, Ms. Peterson received awards with a grant date fair value under FASB ASC Topic 718 of $75,000 for the first two quarters and $83,750 for the final two quarters. (3) Amounts in this column represent matching charitable contributions under our corporate giving program in fiscal year 2025, which matches director gifts up to $15,000 per calendar year. (4) Mr. Hoffman elected to defer his cash and stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 849 shares of our common stock. (5) Mr. Johnston elected to defer his cash and stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 953 shares of our common stock. (6) Ms. MacGregor elected to defer her cash and stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 849 shares of our common stock. (7) Ms. Peterson elected to defer her cash and stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 1,023 shares of our common stock. (8) Ms. Pritzker elected to defer her cash and stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 906 shares of our common stock. (9) Mr. Rodriguez elected to defer his cash and stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 964 shares of our common stock. (10) Ms. Walmsley elected to defer her stock compensation. The compensation deferred converted into 559 shares of our common stock. Lead Independent Director Compensation In March 2023, the independent directors elected Sandra Peterson as Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director Retainer reflects the additional time commitment for the Lead Independent Director role given the unique responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director detailed in Part 1 of this Proxy Statement on page 10. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 27 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING 2. Named Executive Officer Compensation A Letter from the Compensation Committee Dear Shareholder, Our executive compensation program is designed to strongly align Microsoft s long-term strategic goals with shareholder interests while offering a competitive total rewards package to attract, motivate, and retain the key executives who drive our business. Our exceptional fiscal year 2025 results demonstrate that Satya Nadella and his leadership team have positioned Microsoft as a clear artificial intelligence leader for this generational technology shift, enabling Microsoft to drive long-term growth through innovation, security, and quality. In fiscal year 2025, Microsoft achieved 15% revenue growth and a 17% increase in operating income. This strong performance resulted in a 117.00% payout as a percentage of target on the financial metric-based portion of our annual cash incentives and a 103.69% payout as a percentage of target on the performance stock award core strategic metrics, demonstrating clear alignment between compensation outcomes and our pay-for-performance philosophy. We remain committed to ongoing evaluation of our compensation program to preserve that alignment. Microsoft continued its robust shareholder outreach in fiscal year 2025, engaging with investors representing approximately 50% of outstanding shares. Among engagement efforts, the Board s Lead Independent Director and Compensation Committee chair discussed governance and executive compensation with a cross-section of large institutional investors. The Committee shares the views we hear from many shareholders, that Mr. Nadella should be compensated in ways that encourage his continued leadership and drive sustained business growth and shareholder value. In accordance with this view and in contrast to standard market practice, Mr. Nadella s equity compensation is delivered exclusively through performance stock awards tied to long-term value creation and does not include any time-based equity awards. Including his annual cash incentive, more than 95% of Mr. Nadella s annual total target compensation opportunity was performance-based. For fiscal year 2025, we set Mr. Nadella s target performance stock award at $50 million, a level unchanged since fiscal year 2022. We believe this level reflects Mr. Nadella s exceptional leadership, the scope of his responsibilities, and the scale, complexity, and performance of Microsoft. This target value appears in the compensation tables at a higher value solely due to the required accounting model for reporting purposes. Consistent with prior years, Mr. Nadella s fiscal year 2025 annual cash incentive was weighted 70% toward financial performance and 30% toward operational performance. In fiscal year 2025, Microsoft s strong financial results led to a 117.00% payout as a percentage of target, while the Board assessed Mr. Nadella s operational performance at 151.67% payout as a percentage of target, based on his contributions across the three categories described on page 42 below. Each year the Committee reviews the compensation program outlined in the following pages to ensure it advances our pay-for-performance philosophy. We welcome your feedback and perspectives on how we are doing. Thank you for reading and for your investment in Microsoft. Sincerely, The Compensation Committee Carlos A. Rodriguez (Chair) Catherine MacGregor Sandra E. Peterson Charles W. Scharf Emma N. Walmsley 28 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information about our fiscal year 2025 compensation program for our fiscal year 2025 Named Executives ( NEOs ), who are: Satya Nadella, Amy Hood, Judson Althoff, Takeshi Numoto, and Bradford Smith. The content of this Compensation Discussion and Analysis is organized into six sections: Table of Contents Section 1 Performance Update p. 29 Section 2 Executive Compensation Program p. 33 Section 3 Pay Setting Governance and Process p. 34 Section 4 Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Program Design p. 37 Section 5 Fiscal Year 2025 Compensation Decisions and Results p. 41 Section 6 Other Compensation Policies and Information p. 46 Microsoft s executive compensation program is thoughtfully designed by our Compensation Committee and Board of Directors to align to Microsoft s long-term strategy. Over the years, we have evolved our executive pay system to enhance the performance orientation of the program and adopt best practices while maintaining an overarching compensation philosophy aimed at achieving strong alignment between our long-term strategic goals and our shareholders interests. Each year, the Compensation Committee reviews the existing incentive structure, taking into consideration investor feedback, business performance, our significant scale and growth, and our strategic roadmap, when considering the efficacy of further enhancements. Section 1 Performance Update Achieving Strong Financial Results Our strong business execution throughout fiscal year 2025 achieved the following financial performance: Fiscal Year 2025 Business Performance Highlights Percentages are year-over-year Revenue ( 15% ) Operating Income ( 17% ) Net Income ( 16% ) Diluted Earnings per Share ( 16% ) $281.7 billion $128.5 billion $101.8 billion $13.64 Highlights from fiscal year 2025 include the following metrics. Percentages are year-over-year. Microsoft Cloud revenue increased 23% to $168.9 billion Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 14% Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services revenue increased 11% LinkedIn revenue increased 9% Dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased 15% Server products and cloud services revenue increased 23% Windows OEM and Devices revenue increased 3% Xbox content and services revenue increased 16% Search and news advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 20% 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 29 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Superior Shareholder Returns Cumulative Total Shareholder Return during Mr. Nadella s CEO tenure: MSFT vs. S P 500 February 4, 2014 through June 30, 2025 Driving Business Success Continued Innovation and Growth Since being appointed Chief Executive Officer by the Board of Directors in 2014, Mr. Nadella has committed Microsoft to its mission of empowering every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. By enabling customer success, Microsoft has delivered exceptional financial performance, more than tripling revenue to $281.7 billion, quadrupling net income to $101.8 billion, and quintupling diluted earnings per share to $13.64. During his tenure as CEO, Microsoft s cumulative total shareholder return ( TSR ) through June 30, 2025 was over 1500% and market capitalization increased by almost $3.4 trillion. This sustained growth reflects a deliberate strategy rooted in Microsoft s mission and a culture of innovation, continuous learning, and a growth mindset. Under Mr. Nadella s leadership, the Company is well-positioned to continue driving strong performance through the ongoing artificial intelligence ( AI ) platform shift. As demonstrated by the following examples, this past success and readiness for future opportunities have been realized through innovation, dedication to security and quality, a focus on customer empowerment, and disciplined execution throughout the organization. 30 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Security. Recognizing the escalating cyber threat landscape, Mr. Nadella has made security Microsoft s top priority. Our Secure Future Initiative ( SFI ) represents a multiyear commitment to achieve the highest standards of security for both Microsoft and its customers. SFI focuses our business strategy and efforts on continual improvement in cybersecurity protection and is aligned around three security principles: secure by design , secure by default , and secure operations . In addition to SFI driving improvements in security across our entire company and technology stack, we offer our customers a comprehensive portfolio of security solutions that work across platforms and clouds. We now serve nearly 1.5 million security customers, including individuals, small businesses, and large enterprises. By embedding AI-powered agents into our Security Copilot offering, Microsoft continues to innovate at the intersection of AI and security, leveraging insights from trillions of threat signals to protect users and organizations at speed and scale. Azure. Azure cloud computing is perhaps the most powerful example of how Microsoft s innovation is driving growth. What began as a bold bet over a decade ago has now become the cornerstone of our customers operations. In Mr. Nadella s words, Azure was built to be the world s computer . Today, Azure is a comprehensive cloud ecosystem providing a vast array of infrastructure-as-a-service, platform-as-a-service, and software-as-a-service solutions. In fiscal year 2025, Azure revenue surpassed $75 billion, up 34% year-over-year driven by growth across all workloads. We continue to innovate offerings that build on Azure s capabilities and multiply its usefulness. Offerings include AI services, such as: Azure AI Foundry; Azure Arc for management; Microsoft Fabric for data storage, integration, and analytics; and Power BI to glean and access data insights from across the enterprise. We have built a global footprint, with 70 operating regions and over 400 data centers, and we added over two gigawatts of capacity in fiscal year 2025. Azure AI Foundry. In fiscal year 2025, we launched Azure AI Foundry, a new platform to help customers design, customize, and manage AI applications and agents at scale. Azure AI Foundry offers best-in-class development tools, robust management and observability features, and built-in controls for responsible AI. It enables customers to leverage multiple AI models for specific performance, cost, and use-case requirements by allowing them to provision inference throughput once and apply it across a broader range of models, including from OpenAI, DeepSeek, Meta, xAI s Grok, Black Forest Labs, and Mistral AI, than any other hyperscaler. In its first year, we delivered 15 new OpenAI models on Foundry with same-day availability, and we launched a Foundry agent service that is now used by 14,000 customers to build AI agents that automate complex tasks. As a result of this innovation and broad adoption, approximately 80% of Fortune 500 companies are using Azure AI Foundry, and the service processed over 500 trillion tokens in fiscal year 2025. GitHub. GitHub is a source of dynamic innovation and a key element of Microsoft s position as the premier developer platform. GitHub Copilot is a first-of-its-kind AI-based programmer that helps developers write better code faster. With 20 million GitHub Copilot users, GitHub supports a global community of 150 million users and hosts more than 1 billion repositories and forks. GitHub has continued to innovate, expanding features to transform it from simply a source code management platform to an entire suite for development, security, and operations, with features such as continuous integration/continuous delivery and package management in our Codespaces service. GitHub Advanced Security allows developers to scan code for vulnerabilities, secrets, tokens, and other issues that can compromise secure code, and ensure all dependencies and open-source components are up to date. Microsoft 365. Under Mr. Nadella s leadership, Microsoft has developed Microsoft 365 ( M365 ) into a comprehensive, cloud-based productivity suite enhanced by AI and designed to meet the diverse needs of users. With over 430 million M365 Commercial paid seats and 89 million M365 consumer subscribers, M365 continues to demonstrate strong adoption. AI will further enhance M365 s ability to make customers more productive. Microsoft 365 Copilot brings together next-generation AI with business data in the Microsoft Graph, and now includes Researcher and Analyst agents, all within the applications that millions of people use every day as it transforms work, workflow, and work artifacts. Copilot Studio. Launched in fiscal year 2024, Copilot Studio empowers customers to become creators of AI solutions, equipping them with the capabilities to build, customize, and scale intelligent agents tailored to their business needs. Just as Power Platform made app creation easier, Copilot Studio brings a no-code approach to creating custom AI copilots tailored to specific workflows or industries. Users can configure an AI agent with natural language instructions and connect it to their internal data or apps via pre-built plugins, all without writing code. More than 230,000 organizations, including 90% of Fortune 500 companies, have used Copilot Studio, building 3 million custom AI agents across SharePoint and Copilot Studio. 2025 PROXY STATEMENT 31 Table of Contents 1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND GOVERNANCE 2 NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION 3 AUDIT COMMITTEE MATTERS 4 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON DURING THE MEETING 5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETING Advertising. Our advertising business continues to grow through differentiated offerings across our online properties and through strategic acquisitions. During fiscal year 2025, advertising revenue exceeded $20 billion over a trailing 12-month period for the first time, reflecting strength across both consumer and professional platforms. Our global reach and product breadth allows us to serve the needs of digital advertisers across both business-to-consumer advertising with Bing search engine and business-to-business advertising with LinkedIn Marketing Solutions. Bing brings the power of AI directly into the search experience, driving increased relevance for users and creating new monetization opportunities for marketers and publishers on the web. LinkedIn. LinkedIn has continued to deliver strong growth and engagement since its acquisition in December 2016. The professional network s membership reached 1.2 billion users worldwide in fiscal year 2025, marking four consecutive years of double-digit member growth. This expanding community drove robust financial performance, with LinkedIn annual revenue surpassing $17 billion for the first time in fiscal year 2025. Under Mr. Nadella s tenure, LinkedIn has steadily evolved with new capabilities, including AI-powered features in recruiting and sales, further solidifying its role in empowering professionals and organizations and contributing meaningfully to Microsoft s mission. Gaming. Microsoft s gaming ecosystem remains a leader in cross-platform engagement and innovation. In fiscal year 2025, we served 500 million monthly active users across platforms and devices. Game pass generated nearly $5 billion in annual revenue, with over 500 million hours of cloud game play streamed. We were the top publisher on both Xbox and PlayStation, supported by major releases including Forza Horizon 5 and Oblivion Remastered. Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 set new franchise records for day one players and Game Pass subscriber adds on launch day and has had 50 million players and over 2 billion hours of game play since launch. These achievements underscore the growing scale and momentum of Microsoft s gaming business, as well as its ability to engage players with innovative content and services across all devices. These examples demonstrate how Mr. Nadella has guided Microsoft with a clear focus on enabling customer success through innovation, a commitment to security and quality, and disciplined execution. Under his leadership, our technology portfolio has continued to evolve to support diverse customer needs and open new paths for growth d