=== MSFT_2025-07-30.htm.gz ===
Item 1A of this Form 10-K), and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K). These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially in Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (Part II, Item 7A of this Form 10-K). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise. PART I ITEM 1. B USINESS GENERAL Microsoft is a technology company committed to making digital technology and artificial intelligence ( AI ) available broadly and doing so responsibly. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We develop and support a broad portfolio of technology solutions for individuals and businesses, focusing on secure, trusted, and innovative platforms and tools that meet evolving customer needs across cloud computing, productivity and collaboration, and personal computing. We strive to create opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. AI is fundamentally transforming productivity for every individual, organization, and industry. Microsoft's AI offerings span every layer of the technology stack, enabling transformative outcomes across sectors and unlocking opportunity for every country, community, and individual. We believe AI should be as empowering as it is powerful, and we re committed to designing and deploying AI responsibly with safety and security from the outset. What We Offer Founded in 1975, we develop and support software, services, devices, and solutions that deliver new value for customers and help people and businesses realize their full potential. We offer an array of services, including cloud-based solutions that provide customers with software, services, platforms, and content, and we provide solution support and consulting services. We also deliver relevant online advertising to a global audience. Our products include operating systems, cross-device productivity and collaboration applications, server applications, business solution applications, desktop and server management tools, software development tools, and video games. We also design and sell devices, including PCs, tablets, gaming and entertainment consoles, other intelligent devices, and related accessories. Digital transformation and adoption of AI continues to revolutionize more business workstreams for organizations in every sector across the globe. For enterprises, digital technology empowers employees, optimizes operations, engages customers, and in some cases, changes the very core of products and services. 3 PART I Item 1 The Microsoft Cloud provides integration across the technology stack while offering openness, improving time to value, reducing costs, and increasing agility. Our cloud business benefits from three economies of scale: datacenters that deploy computational resources at significantly lower cost per unit than smaller ones; datacenters that coordinate and aggregate diverse customer, geographic, and application demand patterns, improving the utilization of computing, storage, and network resources; and multi-tenancy locations that lower application maintenance labor costs. We prioritize security above all else and we offer our customers integrated AI-driven products addressing security, compliance, identity, management, and privacy across customers multi-cloud, application, and device assets. The Ambitions That Drive Us To achieve our vision, our research and development efforts focus on three interconnected ambitions: Reinvent productivity and business processes to help organizations and individuals work and collaborate more securely and efficiently. Build the intelligent cloud and intelligent edge platform to provide a foundation for our customers digital workloads including hybrid consistency, developer productivity, data and AI capabilities, and trusted security and compliance. Create more personal computing to enable users to interact with technology in more intuitive, engaging, and dynamic ways. Our Future Opportunity We are focused on helping customers use the breadth and depth of the Microsoft Cloud to get the most value out of their digital spend while leading the AI platform wave across our solution areas. We continue to develop complete, intelligent solutions for our customers that empower people to be productive and collaborate, while safeguarding businesses and simplifying IT management. Our goal is to lead the industry in several distinct areas of technology over the long term, which we expect will translate to sustained growth. We are investing significant resources in: Transforming the workplace to deliver new, modern, modular business applications, drive deeper insights, and improve how people communicate, collaborate, learn, work, and interact with one another. Building and running cloud-based services in ways that utilize ubiquitous computing to unleash new experiences and opportunities for businesses and individuals. Applying AI and ambient intelligence to drive insights, revolutionize many types of work and business processes, and provide substantive productivity gains using Microsoft 365 Copilot and agents. Providing training on generative AI and greater access to digital learning and resources through skilling programs and initiatives, grants, and LinkedIn learning pathways. Inventing new gaming experiences that bring people together around their shared love for games on any device and pushing the boundaries of innovation with console and PC gaming. Leveraging Windows to fuel our cloud business, grow our share of the PC market, and drive increased engagement with our services like Microsoft Edge, Bing, Copilot, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Consumer, Xbox Game Pass, and more. Tackling security from all angles with our integrated, end-to-end solutions spanning security, compliance, identity, and management, across all clouds and platforms. Our future growth depends on our ability to transcend current product category definitions, business models, and sales motions. Commitment to Sustainability Microsoft is committed to sustainability and our approach to addressing climate change starts with the sustainability of our own business. In 2020, we announced goals to become a carbon negative, water positive, and zero waste company by 2030. Since announcing these goals, we have made meaningful progress while having seen major changes in both the technology sector and in our understanding of what it will take to meet our goals. Progress toward these goals can be found in our annual Environmental Sustainability Report. 4 PART I Item 1 OPERATING SEGMENTS We operate our business and report our financial performance using three segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. Our segments provide management with a comprehensive financial view of our key businesses. The segments enable the alignment of strategies and objectives across the development, sales, marketing, and services organizations, and they provide a framework for timely and rational allocation of resources within businesses. In August 2024, we announced changes to the composition of our segments. These changes align our segments with how we currently manage our business, most notably bringing the commercial components of Microsoft 365 together in the Productivity and Business Processes segment. Beginning in fiscal year 2025, the information that our chief operating decision maker is regularly provided and reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance reflects these segment changes. Additional information on our operating segments and geographic and product information is contained in Note 18 Segment Information and Geographic Data of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K). Our reportable segments are described below. Productivity and Business Processes Our Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and services in our portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services, spanning a variety of devices and platforms. This segment primarily comprises: Microsoft 365 Commercial products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Commercial cloud, comprising Microsoft 365 Commercial, Enterprise Mobility + Security, the cloud portion of Windows Commercial, the per-user portion of Power BI, Exchange, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft 365 Security and Compliance, and Microsoft 365 Copilot; and Microsoft 365 Commercial products, comprising Windows Commercial on-premises and Office licensed on-premises. Microsoft 365 Consumer products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions, Office licensed on-premises, and other consumer services. LinkedIn, including Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions. Dynamics products and cloud services, including Dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across ERP, CRM, Power Apps, and Power Automate; and on-premises ERP and CRM applications. Microsoft 365 Commercial Products and Cloud Services Microsoft 365 Commercial is an AI-powered business and productivity solutions platform that brings together Office, Windows, Microsoft 365 Copilot, and Enterprise Mobility + Security to help organizations empower their employees. Growth depends on our ability to reach new users in new markets such as frontline workers, small and medium businesses, and growth markets, as well as add AI-enabled tools, features, and agentic scenarios to our core product and service offerings across communication, collaboration, analytics, security, compliance, and other AI business productivity categories. Microsoft 365 Commercial revenue is mainly affected by a combination of continued installed base growth and average revenue per user expansion, as well as the continued shift from Office licensed on-premises to Microsoft 365. Microsoft 365 Consumer Products and Cloud Services Microsoft 365 Consumer is designed to increase personal productivity and creativity through a range of products and services. Growth depends on our ability to reach new users, add value to our core product set with new features including AI tools, and continue to expand our product and service offerings into new markets. Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue and Office Consumer products revenue is mainly affected by the percentage of customers that buy Office with their new devices and the continued shift from Office licensed on-premises to Microsoft 365 Consumer subscriptions. Microsoft 365 Consumer cloud revenue is also affected by the demand for communication and storage through Outlook.com and OneDrive, which is largely driven by subscriptions and advertising. 5 PART I Item 1 LinkedIn LinkedIn connects the world s professionals to make them more productive and successful and transforms the way companies hire, market, sell, and learn. In addition to LinkedIn s free services, LinkedIn offers monetized solutions designed to offer AI-enabled insights and productivity: Talent Solutions, Marketing Solutions, Premium Subscriptions, and Sales Solutions. Growth will depend on our ability to increase LinkedIn member engagement on the platform and our ability to continue offering insight and AI-enabled services that provide value for our members and customers. LinkedIn revenue is mainly affected by demand from enterprises and professionals for subscriptions to Talent Solutions, Sales Solutions, and Premium Subscriptions offerings, as well as member engagement and the quality of the sponsored content delivered to those members to drive Marketing Solutions. Dynamics Products and Cloud Services Dynamics provides cloud-based and on-premises business solutions for financial management, enterprise resource planning ( ERP ), customer relationship management ( CRM ), and supply chain management, as well as agentic AI and other low code application development platforms, for small and medium businesses, large organizations, and divisions of global enterprises. Dynamics revenue is driven by the number of users licensed and applications consumed, expansion of average revenue per user, and the continued shift to Dynamics 365, a unified set of cloud-based intelligent business applications, including our low code development platforms, such as Power Apps and Power Automate. Competition Competitors to Office include software and global application vendors, web-based and mobile application companies, AI-first application companies, as well as local application developers. We compete by providing secure, integrated industry-specific, and easy-to-use productivity and collaboration tools and services that create comprehensive solutions and work well with technologies our customers already have both on-premises or in the cloud. Windows faces competition from various software products and from alternative platforms and devices. Microsoft Defender for Endpoint competes with endpoint security solution providers. Our Enterprise Mobility + Security offerings compete with products from a range of competitors including identity vendors, security solution vendors, and numerous other security point solution vendors. LinkedIn faces competition from online professional networks; recruiting, talent management, and human resource services companies; job boards; companies that provide learning and development products and services; online and offline outlets that generate revenue from advertisers and marketers; and online and offline outlets for companies with lead generation and customer intelligence and insights. Dynamics competes with cloud-based and on-premises business solution providers. Intelligent Cloud Our Intelligent Cloud segment consists of our public, private, and hybrid server products and cloud services that power modern business and developers. This segment primarily comprises: Server products and cloud services, including Azure and other cloud services, comprising cloud and AI consumption-based services, GitHub cloud services, Nuance Healthcare cloud services, virtual desktop offerings, and other cloud services; and Server products, comprising SQL Server, Windows Server, Visual Studio, System Center, related Client Access Licenses ( CALs ), and other on-premises offerings. Enterprise and partner services, including Enterprise Support Services, Industry Solutions, Nuance professional services, Microsoft Partner Network, and Learning Experience. 6 PART I Item 1 Server Products and Cloud Services Azure is a comprehensive set of cloud services that offer developers, IT professionals, and enterprises freedom to build, deploy, and manage applications on any platform or device. Customers can use Azure through our global network of datacenters for computing, networking, storage, mobile and web application services, AI, Internet of Things, cognitive services, and machine learning. Azure enables customers to devote more resources to development and use of applications that benefit their organizations, rather than managing on-premises hardware and software. Azure revenue is mainly affected by infrastructure-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service consumption-based services. Azure AI offerings provide a competitive advantage as companies seek ways to optimize and scale their business with AI. We offer supercomputing power for AI at scale to run large workloads, complemented by our rapidly expanding portfolio of AI cloud services (including the latest models) and hardware, which includes custom-built silicon and strong partnerships with chip manufacturers. Azure AI Foundry is a unified platform for developers to design, customize, and manage AI applications and agents. Our server products are designed to make IT professionals, developers, and their systems more productive and efficient. Server software is integrated server infrastructure and middleware designed to support software applications built on the Windows Server operating system. This includes the server platform, database, business intelligence, storage, management and operations, virtualization, service-oriented architecture platform, security, and identity software. We also license standalone and software development lifecycle tools for software architects, developers, testers, and project managers. Server products revenue is mainly affected by purchases through volume licensing programs, licenses sold to OEMs, and retail packaged products. CALs provide access rights to certain server products, including SQL Server and Windows Server, and revenue is reported along with the associated server product. GitHub and Nuance Healthcare include both cloud and on-premises offerings. GitHub provides a collaboration platform for developers to manage code and incorporate AI and agent-based tools across the software development lifecycle. Nuance Healthcare provides AI solutions to the healthcare industry. Enterprise and Partner Services Enterprise and partner services, including Enterprise Support Services, Industry Solutions, Nuance professional services, Microsoft Partner Network, and Learning Experience, assist customers in developing, deploying, and managing Microsoft server solutions, Microsoft desktop solutions, and Nuance conversational AI and ambient intelligent solutions, along with providing training and certification to developers and IT professionals on various Microsoft products. Competition Azure faces diverse competition from cloud service providers and open source offerings. Azure s competitive advantage includes enabling a hybrid cloud, allowing deployment of existing datacenters with our public cloud into a single, cohesive infrastructure, and the ability to run at a scale that meets the needs of businesses of all sizes and complexities. Our AI offerings compete with AI products from hyperscalers, as well as products from other emerging competitors and other open source offerings, many of which are also current or potential partners. Our Azure Security offerings include our cloud security solution and security information and event management solution, which compete with providers in the cybersecurity and cloud security space. We believe our cloud s global scale, coupled with our broad portfolio of identity and security solutions, allows us to effectively solve complex cybersecurity challenges for our customers and differentiates us from the competition. Our server products face competition from a wide variety of server operating systems and applications offered by companies with a range of market approaches. Vertically integrated computer manufacturers offer their own versions of the Unix operating system preinstalled on server hardware and nearly all computer manufacturers offer server hardware for the Linux operating system. We compete to provide enterprise-wide computing and point solutions with numerous commercial software vendors that offer solutions and middleware technology platforms, software applications for connectivity, security, hosting, database, and e-business servers. 7 PART I Item 1 Our database, business intelligence, and data warehousing solutions offerings compete with products from providers in the data and analytics industry. Our system management solutions compete with server management and server virtualization platform providers. Our products for software developers compete against offerings from major technology providers, as well as open source alternatives. We believe our server products provide customers with advantages in performance, total costs of ownership, and productivity by delivering superior applications, development tools, compatibility with a broad base of hardware and software applications, security, and manageability. Our Enterprise and partner services business competes with a wide range of companies that provide strategy and business planning, application development, and infrastructure services, including multinational consulting firms and small niche businesses focused on specific technologies. More Personal Computing Our More Personal Computing segment consists of products and services that put customers at the center of the experience with our technology. This segment primarily comprises: Windows and Devices, including Windows OEM licensing (Windows Pro and non-Pro licenses sold through the OEM channel) and Devices, comprising Surface and PC accessories. Gaming, including Xbox hardware and Xbox content and services, comprising first- and third-party content (including games and in-game content), Xbox Game Pass and other subscriptions, Xbox Cloud Gaming, advertising, and other cloud services. Search and news advertising, comprising Bing and Copilot, Microsoft News, Microsoft Edge, and third-party affiliates. Windows and Devices The Windows operating system is designed to deliver a more personal computing experience for users by enabling consistency of experience, applications, and information across their devices. Windows OEM revenue is impacted significantly by the number of Windows operating system licenses purchased by OEMs, which they pre-install on the devices they sell. In addition to computing device market volume, Windows OEM revenue is impacted by: The mix of computing devices based on form factor and screen size. Differences in device market demand between developed markets and growth markets. Growth of the AI PC category. Attachment of Windows to devices shipped. Customer mix between consumer, small and medium businesses, and large enterprises. Changes in inventory levels in the OEM channel. Pricing changes and promotions, pricing variation that occurs when the mix of devices manufactured shifts from local and regional system builders to large multinational OEMs, and different pricing of Windows versions licensed. Constraints in the supply chain of device components. Piracy. We design and sell devices, such as Surface (including Copilot+ PCs) and PC accessories. Our devices are designed to enable people and organizations to connect to the people and content that matter most using Windows and integrated Microsoft products and services. Surface is designed to help organizations, students, and consumers be more productive. Growth in Devices is dependent on total PC shipments, the ability to attract new customers, our product roadmap, and expanding into new categories. 8 PART I Item 1 Gaming Microsoft is expanding how billions of people globally access and play video games on PC, console, mobile, and cloud. Our game content is developed through a collection of first-party studios creating iconic and differentiated gaming experiences. We continue to invest in gaming studios and content to expand our intellectual property roadmap and leverage new content creators. These unique gaming experiences are the cornerstone of Xbox Game Pass, a subscription service and gaming community with access to a curated library of first- and third-party titles. The gamer remains at the heart of the Xbox ecosystem. We are identifying new opportunities to attract gamers across a variety of different end points through our first- and third-party content and business diversification across subscriptions, ads, and digital stores. We ve seen new devices from third-party manufacturers along with key PC and mobile end points that help us empower gamers to play in a way that is most convenient to them. We are focused on growing the platform and expanding to new ecosystems to engage as many gamers as possible. Xbox enables people to connect and share online gaming experiences that are accessible on Xbox consoles, Windows-enabled devices, and other devices. Xbox is designed to benefit users by providing access to a network of certified applications and services and to benefit our developer and partner ecosystems by providing access to a large customer base. Xbox revenue is mainly affected by subscriptions and sales of first- and third-party content, as well as advertising. Growth of our Gaming business is determined by the overall active user base through Xbox enabled content, availability of games, providing exclusive game content that gamers seek, the computational power and reliability of the devices used to access our content and services, and the ability to create new experiences. Search and News Advertising Our Search and news advertising business is designed to deliver relevant search, native, and display advertising to a global audience. Microsoft Copilot is a digital companion designed to inform, entertain, and inspire. Our Microsoft Edge browser and Bing search engine with Copilot are key tools to enable user acquisition and engagement, while our technology platform enables accelerated delivery of digital advertising solutions. In addition to first-party tools, we have several partnerships with companies through which we provide and monetize search offerings. Growth depends on our ability to attract new users, understand intent, and match intent with relevant content on advertising offerings. Competition Windows faces competition from various software products and from alternative platforms and devices. We believe Windows competes effectively by giving customers choice, value, flexibility, security, an easy-to-use interface, and compatibility with a broad range of hardware and software applications, including those that enable productivity. Devices face competition from various computer, tablet, and hardware manufacturers who offer a unique combination of high-quality industrial design and innovative technologies across various price points. Many of these manufacturers are also current or potential partners and customers, including our Windows OEMs. Xbox and our cloud gaming services face competition from various online gaming ecosystems and game streaming services. We also compete with other providers of entertainment services such as video streaming platforms. Our gaming platform competes with other console platforms. We believe our gaming platform is effectively positioned against, and uniquely differentiated from, competitive products and services based on significant innovation in hardware architecture, user interface, developer tools, online gaming and entertainment services, and continued strong content from our own first-party game franchises as well as other digital content offerings. Our Search and news advertising business competes with search engines, and a wide array of websites, social platforms, and portals that provide content and online offerings to end users. HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES As of June 30, 2025, we employed approximately 228,000 people on a full-time basis, 125,000 in the U.S. and 103,000 internationally. Of the total employees, 89,000 were in operations, including product support and consulting services, datacenter operations, and manufacturing and distribution; 80,000 were in product research and development; 44,000 were in sales and marketing; and 15,000 were in general and administration. Certain employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. 9 PART I Item 1 We design our programs to attract, reward, and retain top talent while fostering continuous employee development and reinforcing our organizational culture and values. Our total compensation offering is both highly differentiated and competitive within the market, and we also monitor pay equity across multiple dimensions. We have invested significantly in employee wellbeing and offer a differentiated benefits package which includes many physical, emotional, and financial wellness programs. We also provide access to continuous learning through a wide range of internal and external content, supporting professional growth across roles and disciplines. Through our employee listening systems, we gather direct feedback from our workforce, enabling us to adapt our programs and address employee needs globally with real-time insights. Additionally, our culture prioritizes the security of both our customers and Microsoft, embedding this responsibility across all teams and functions. OPERATIONS We have regional operations service centers in the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East that support our business operations, including customer contract and order processing, billing, credit and collections, customer lifecycle AI and cloud operations, and vendor management and logistics. In addition to our operations centers, we also operate datacenters throughout each of these regions. We continue to align our datacenter locations and server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI services. Our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units ( GPUs ) and other components. We engage third-party manufacturers to produce our devices and have implemented measures to enhance supply chain efficiency and resilience, including the ability to relocate production geographically. There are few qualified suppliers for certain components of our servers and devices. Extended or unforeseen disruptions at these suppliers could impact our ability to operate our datacenters and manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Product and Service Development Our success is based on our ability to create new and compelling products, services, and experiences for our users, initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, enter new geographic and product markets, and drive broad adoption of our products and services. We make significant investments in research and development for new and existing products, services, and technologies, including tools and platforms spanning digital work and life experiences, cloud computing, AI, devices, security, and operating systems. We develop most of our products and services internally which allows us to maintain competitive advantages that come from product differentiation and closer technical control over our products and services. It also gives us the freedom to decide which modifications and enhancements are most important and when they should be implemented. We strive to obtain information as early as possible about changing usage patterns and hardware advances that may affect software and hardware design. Before releasing new software platforms, and as we make significant modifications to existing platforms, we provide application vendors with a range of resources and guidelines for development, training, and testing. We plan to continue to make significant investments in a broad range of product research and development activities, and as appropriate, we will coordinate our research and development across operating segments and leverage the results across the company. This includes continuing to support fundamental research, which provides us with a unique perspective on future trends and contributes to our innovation. 10 PART I Item 1 Intellectual Property We protect our intellectual property investments in a variety of ways. We work actively in the U.S. and internationally to ensure the enforcement of copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, and other protections that apply to our software and hardware products, services, business plans, and branding. While we employ much of our internally-developed intellectual property in our products and services, we also engage in outbound licensing of specific patented technologies that are incorporated into licensees products. From time to time, we enter into broader cross-license agreements with other technology companies covering entire groups of patents. We may also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products and services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, supporting societal and/or environmental efforts, or attracting and enabling our external development community. Our engagement with open source software also causes us to license our intellectual property rights broadly in certain situations. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and services, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. We believe our continuing research and product development are not materially dependent on any single license or other agreement with a third-party relating to the development of our products. DISTRIBUTION, SALES, AND MARKETING Our customers include individual consumers, small and medium organizations, large global enterprises, public-sector institutions, service providers, application developers, and OEMs. We market and distribute our products and services through the following channels: direct, distributors and resellers, and OEMs. Our sales organization performs a variety of functions, including working directly with commercial enterprises and public-sector organizations worldwide to identify and meet their technology and digital transformation requirements; supporting system integrators, independent software vendors, and other partners who engage directly with our customers to perform sales, consulting, and fulfillment functions for our products and services; and managing OEM relationships. Direct Many organizations that license our products and services transact directly with us through Enterprise Agreements and Enterprise Services contracts, with sales support from system integrators, independent software vendors, web agencies, and partners that advise organizations on licensing our products and services ( Enterprise Agreement Software Advisors or ESA ). Microsoft offers direct sales programs targeted to reach small, medium, and corporate customers, in addition to those offered through the reseller channel. A large network of partner advisors support many of these sales. We also sell commercial and consumer products and services directly to customers, such as cloud services, search, and gaming, through our digital marketplaces and online stores. Additionally, our Microsoft Experience Centers are designed to facilitate deeper engagement with our partners and customers across industries. Distributors and Resellers Organizations also license our products and services indirectly, primarily through licensing solution partners ( LSP ), distributors, value-added resellers ( VAR ), and retailers. Although each type of reselling partner may reach organizations of all sizes, LSPs are primarily engaged with large organizations, distributors resell primarily to VARs, and VARs typically reach small and medium organizations. ESAs are also typically authorized as LSPs and operate as resellers for our other volume licensing programs. Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider is our main partner program for reselling cloud services. We distribute our retail packaged products primarily through independent non-exclusive distributors, authorized replicators, resellers, and retail outlets. Individual consumers obtain these products primarily through retail outlets. We distribute our devices through third-party retailers. We have a network of field sales representatives and field support personnel that solicit orders from distributors and resellers and provide product training and sales support. Our Dynamics business solutions are also licensed to enterprises through a global network of channel partners providing vertical solutions and specialized services. 11 PART I Item 1 OEMs We distribute our products and services through OEMs that pre-install our software on new devices and servers they sell. The largest component of the OEM business is the Windows operating system pre-installed on devices. OEMs also sell devices pre-installed with other Microsoft products and services, including applications such as Office and the capability to subscribe to Microsoft 365 Consumer. There are two broad categories of OEMs. The largest category of OEMs are direct OEMs as our relationship with them is managed through a direct agreement between Microsoft and the OEM. We have distribution agreements covering one or more of our products with virtually all the multinational OEMs, including Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Lenovo, and with many regional and local OEMs. The second broad category of OEMs are system builders consisting of lower-volume PC manufacturers, which source Microsoft software for pre-installation and local redistribution primarily through the Microsoft distributor channel rather than through a direct agreement or relationship with Microsoft. LICENSING OPTIONS We offer options for organizations of varying sizes that want to purchase our cloud services and on-premises software. We license these organizations under volume licensing agreements to allow the customer to acquire multiple licenses of products and services instead of having to acquire separate licenses through retail channels. These volume licensing programs have varying programmatic requirements and benefits to best meet the needs of our customers. Software Assurance ( SA ) conveys rights to new software and upgrades for perpetual licenses released over the contract period. It also provides support, tools, training, and other licensing benefits to help customers deploy and use software efficiently. SA is required to be purchased with certain volume licensing agreements and is an optional purchase with others. Volume Licensing Programs Enterprise Agreement Enterprise Agreements offer large organizations a manageable volume licensing program that gives them the flexibility to buy cloud services and software licenses under one agreement. Enterprise Agreements are designed for medium or large organizations that want to license Microsoft products and services organization-wide over a three-year period. Organizations can elect to purchase perpetual licenses (covered with SA) and/or subscribe to cloud services. Microsoft Customer Agreement Microsoft Customer Agreements are simplified purchase agreements presented, accepted, and stored through a digital experience. Microsoft Customer Agreements are non-expiring agreements that are designed to support all customers over time, whether purchasing through a partner or directly from Microsoft. Microsoft Online Subscription Agreement Microsoft Online Subscription Agreements are designed for small and medium organizations that want to subscribe to, activate, provision, and maintain cloud services seamlessly and directly via the web. These agreements allow customers to acquire monthly or annual subscriptions for cloud-based services. Microsoft Products and Services Agreement Microsoft Products and Services Agreements are designed for medium and large organizations that want to license cloud services and on-premises software as needed, with no organization-wide commitment, under a single, non-expiring agreement. Organizations purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses. SA is optional for customers that purchase perpetual licenses. 12 PART I Item 1 Open Value Open Value agreements are a simple, cost-effective way to acquire the latest Microsoft technology. These agreements are designed for small and medium organizations that want to license cloud services and on-premises software over a three-year period. Under Open Value agreements, organizations can elect to purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses and SA is included. Select Plus A Select Plus agreement is designed for government and academic organizations to acquire on-premises licenses at any affiliate or department level, while realizing advantages as one organization. Organizations purchase perpetual licenses and SA is optional. Partner Programs The Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider Program offers customers an easy way to license the cloud services they need in combination with the value-added services offered by their systems integrator, managed services provider, or cloud reseller partner. Partners in this program can easily package their own products and services to directly provision, manage, and support their customer subscriptions. The Microsoft Services Provider License Agreement allows hosting service providers and independent software vendors who want to license eligible Microsoft software products to provide hosted applications and software services to their end customers. Partners license software over a three-year period and are billed monthly based on units licensed. The Independent Software Vendor Royalty Program enables partners to integrate Microsoft products into other applications and then license the unified business solution to their end users. GOVERNMENT REGULATION We are subject to a wide range of laws, regulations, and legal requirements in the U.S. and globally, including those that may apply to our products and online services offerings, and those that impose requirements related to user privacy, telecommunications, data storage and protection, advertising, and online content. These requirements are continually evolving, and they can be unclear and vary significantly across jurisdictions. We have implemented comprehensive compliance programs across our operations to adapt to these changes and to maintain customer and regulator confidence. We monitor regulatory developments around the world and implement policies, controls, and technical safeguards so that our operations, products, and services meet applicable legal standards. Our business teams, with legal support, manage the compliance programs and prepare external regulatory and commercial reporting, and our internal audit teams conduct reviews of the programs and processes. While we have a unified approach to regulatory compliance, some of the programs and processes are tailored to meet specific regulatory obligations, such as with the creation of independent compliance functions required by the European Union ( EU ) Digital Markets Act and the EU Digital Services Act, which oversee, monitor, and assess the company s compliance with these acts. For a description of the risks we face related to regulatory matters, refer to Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K). 13 PART I Item 1 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIV E OFFICERS Our executive officers as of July 30, 2025 were as follows: Name Age Position with the Company Satya Nadella 57 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Judson B. Althoff 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Amy L. Coleman 53 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Kathleen T. Hogan 59 Executive Vice President, Office of Strategy and Transformation Amy E. Hood 53 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Takeshi Numoto 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer Bradford L. Smith 66 Vice Chair and President Mr. Nadella was appointed Chairman of the Board in June 2021 and Chief Executive Officer in February 2014. He served as Executive Vice President, Cloud and Enterprise from July 2013 until that time. From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Nadella served as President, Server and Tools. From 2009 to 2011, he was Senior Vice President, Online Services Division. From 2008 to 2009, he was Senior Vice President, Search, Portal, and Advertising. Since joining Microsoft in 1992, Mr. Nadella s roles also included Vice President of the Business Division. Mr. Althoff was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer in July 2021. He served as Executive Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Business from July 2017 until that time. Prior to that, Mr. Althoff served as the President of Microsoft North America. Mr. Althoff joined Microsoft in March 2013 as President of Microsoft North America. Mr. Althoff also serves on the Board of Directors of Ecolab Inc. Ms. Coleman was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in March 2025. She previously served as Corporate Vice President, Human Resources and Corporation Functions since January 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Coleman served as Vice President Human Resources and Corporate Functions since September 2020. Since joining Microsoft in 2009, Ms. Coleman has held various positions of increasing authority. Ms. Hogan was appointed Executive Vice President, Office of Strategy and Transformation in March 2025. She previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since June 2023. Ms. Hogan had been Executive Vice President, Human Resources since November 2014. Prior to that, Ms. Hogan was Corporate Vice President of Microsoft Services. She also served as Corporate Vice President of Customer Service and Support. Ms. Hogan joined Microsoft in 2003. Ms. Hogan also serves on the Board of Directors of Alaska Air Group, Inc. Ms. Hood was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in July 2013, subsequent to her appointment as Chief Financial Officer in May 2013. From 2010 to 2013, Ms. Hood was Chief Financial Officer of the Microsoft Business Division. Since joining Microsoft in 2002, Ms. Hood has also held finance-related positions in the Server and Tools Business and the corporate finance organization. Mr. Numoto was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer in October 2023. He served as Executive Vice President and Commercial Chief Marketing Officer from March 2020. Mr. Numoto served as a Corporate Vice President, Cloud Marketing from January 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Numoto served as a Corporate Vice President for Office 365 Marketing from 2004, where he led the transformation from traditional on-premises packaged software to the introduction of Office 365. Since joining Microsoft in 1997, Mr. Numoto has held multiple roles in Windows Program Management and Office Marketing. Mr. Smith was appointed Vice Chair and President in September 2021. Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Legal Officer since September 2015. He served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary from 2011 to 2015, and served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary from 2001 to 2011. Mr. Smith was also named Chief Compliance Officer in 2002. Since joining Microsoft in 1993, he was Deputy General Counsel for Worldwide Sales and previously was responsible for managing the European Law and Corporate Affairs Group, based in Paris. Mr. Smith also serves on the Board of Directors of Netflix, Inc. 14 PART I Item 1 AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our Internet address is www.microsoft.com. At our Investor Relations website, www.microsoft.com/investor, we make available free of charge a variety of information for investors. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, including: Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) at www.sec.gov. Information on our business strategies, financial results, and metrics for investors. Announcements of investor conferences, speeches, and events at which our executives talk about our product, service, and competitive strategies. Archives of these events are also available. Press releases on quarterly earnings, product and service announcements, legal developments, and international news. Corporate governance information including our articles of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, committee charters, codes of conduct and ethics, global corporate social responsibility initiatives, and other governance-related policies. Other news and announcements that we may post from time to time that investors might find useful or interesting. Opportunities to sign up for email alerts to have information pushed in real time. We publish a variety of reports and resources related to our Corporate Social Responsibility programs and progress on our Reports Hub website, www.microsoft.com/corporate-responsibility/reports-hub, including reports on responsible AI, sustainability, responsible sourcing, accessibility, digital trust, and public policy engagement. The information found on these websites is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. In addition to these channels, we use social media to communicate to the public. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, and others interested in Microsoft to review the information we post on the social media channels listed on our Investor Relations website. 15 PART I Item 1A ITEM 1A. RIS K FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and the trading price of our common stock. STRATEGIC AND COMPETITIVE RISKS We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Competition in the technology sector Our competitors range in size from diversified global companies with significant research and development resources to small, specialized firms whose narrower product lines may let them be more effective in deploying technical, marketing, and financial resources. Barriers to entry in many of our businesses are low and many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with changing and disruptive technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers, we may not remain competitive, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Competition among platform-based ecosystems An important element of our business model has been to create platform-based ecosystems on which many participants can build diverse solutions. A well-established ecosystem creates beneficial network effects among users, application developers, and the platform provider that can accelerate growth. Establishing significant scale in the marketplace is necessary to meet consumer demand and to achieve and maintain attractive margins. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms. A competing vertically-integrated model, in which a single firm controls the hardware and software elements of a product and related services, has succeeded with some consumer products such as PCs, tablets, smartphones, gaming consoles, wearables, and other endpoint devices. Competitors pursuing this model also earn revenue from services integrated with the hardware and software platform, including applications and content sold through their integrated marketplaces. They may also be able to claim security and performance benefits from their vertically-integrated offer. We also offer some vertically-integrated hardware and software products and services. Shifting a portion of our business to a vertically-integrated model may increase our cost of revenue and reduce our operating margins. We derive substantial revenue from licenses of Windows operating systems on PCs. We face significant competition from competing platforms developed for new devices and form factors such as smartphones and tablets. These devices compete on multiple bases including price and the perceived utility of the device and its platform. Users continue to turn to these devices to perform functions that in the past were performed by PCs. Even if many users view these devices as complementary to a PC, the prevalence of these devices may make it more difficult to attract application developers to our PC operating system platforms. Competing with operating systems licensed at low or no cost may decrease our PC operating system margins. Popular products or services offered on competing platforms could increase their competitive strength. In addition, some of our devices compete with products made by our OEM partners, which may affect their commitment to our platform. Competing platforms have content and application marketplaces with scale and significant installed bases. The variety and utility of content and applications available on a platform are important to device purchasing decisions. Users may incur costs to move data and buy new content and applications when switching platforms. To compete, we must successfully enlist developers to write applications for our platform and ensure that these applications have high quality, security, customer appeal, and value. Efforts to compete with competitors content and application marketplaces may increase our cost of revenue and lower our operating margins. Competitors rules governing their content and applications marketplaces may restrict our ability to distribute products and services through them in accordance with our technical and business model objectives. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 16 PART I Item 1A Business model competition Companies compete with us based on a growing variety of business models. A material part of our business involves cloud-based services available across the spectrum of computing devices. We and our competitors continue to devote significant resources to developing and deploying cloud-based strategies and services for consumers and business customers, and pricing and delivery models are evolving. We are investing in artificial intelligence ( AI ) across the entire company and infusing generative AI capabilities into our consumer and commercial offerings. AI technology and services are a highly competitive and rapidly evolving market, and new competitors continue to enter the market. We will bear significant development and operational costs to build and support the AI models, services, platforms, and infrastructure necessary to meet the needs of our customers. To compete effectively we must also be responsive to technological change, new and potential regulatory developments, and public scrutiny. Even as we transition more of our business to infrastructure-, platform-, and software-as-a-service business models, the license-based proprietary software model generates a substantial portion of our software revenue. We bear the costs of converting original ideas into software products through investments in research and development, offsetting these costs with the revenue received from licensing our products. Many of our competitors also develop and sell software to businesses and consumers under this model. Other competitors develop and offer free applications, online services, and content, and make money by selling third-party advertising. Advertising revenue funds development of products and services these competitors provide to users at little or no cost, competing directly with our revenue-generating products. Some companies compete with us by modifying and then distributing open source software at little or no cost to end users, developing, making available, or using AI models that are open, and earning revenue on advertising or integrated products and services. These firms do not bear the full costs of research and development for the open source products. Some open source products mimic the features and functionality of our products. The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our focus on cloud-based and AI services presents execution and competitive risks. We are incurring significant costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud-based and AI services, reducing operating margins. Whether we succeed in cloud-based and AI services depends on our execution in several areas, including: Continuing to bring to market compelling cloud-based and AI services and products that generate increasing traffic and market share. Maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based and AI services on the growing array of computing devices, including PCs, smartphones, tablets, gaming consoles, and other devices. Continuing to enhance the attractiveness of our cloud platforms to third-party developers. Ensuring our cloud-based services meet the reliability expectations and specific requirements of our customers and maintain the security of their data as well as help them meet their own compliance needs. Making our suite of cloud-based services platform-agnostic, available on a wide range of devices and ecosystems, including those of our competitors. It is uncertain whether our strategies will continue to attract users or generate the revenue required to succeed. If we are not effective in executing organizational and technical changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation, or if we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, we may not grow revenue in line with the infrastructure and development investments described above. This could adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 17 PART I Item 1A Our AI systems offer users powerful tools and capabilities. However, there may be instances where these systems are used in ways that are unintended or inappropriate. In addition, some users may also engage in fraudulent or abusive activities through our cloud-based and AI services, such as unauthorized account access, payment fraud, or terms of service violations including cryptocurrency mining or launching cyberattacks. While we are committed to detecting and controlling such misuse of our cloud-based and AI services, our efforts may not be effective, and we may incur reputational damage or experience adverse impacts to our business and results of operations. RISKS RELATING TO THE EVOLUTION OF OUR BUSINESS We make significant investments in products and services that may not achieve expected returns. We will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products, services, and technologies, including AI-based products and services. We also invest in the development and acquisition of a variety of hardware for productivity, communication, and entertainment, including PCs, tablets, and gaming devices. Investments in new technology are speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors, including innovation, developer support, and effective distribution and marketing. If customers do not perceive our latest offerings as providing significant new functionality or other value, they may reduce their purchases of new software and hardware products or upgrades, unfavorably affecting revenue. We may not achieve significant revenue from new product, service, and distribution channel investments for several years, if at all. New products and services may not be profitable or may not achieve operating margins as high as we have experienced historically. We may not get engagement in certain features that drive post-sale monetization opportunities. Our data-handling practices across our products and services will continue to be under scrutiny. Perceptions of mismanagement, driven by regulatory activity or negative public reaction to our practices or product experiences, could negatively impact product and feature adoption. Developing new technologies is complex. It can require long development and testing periods. We could experience significant delays in new releases or significant problems in creating new products or services. These factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances could have an adverse effect on our business. We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. For example, in October 2023 we completed our acquisition of Activision Blizzard , Inc. ( Activision Blizzard ). In January 2023 we announced the third phase of our OpenAI strategic partnership. Acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve significant challenges and risks, including that they do not advance our business strategy, that we get an unsatisfactory return on our investment, that they raise new compliance-related obligations and challenges, that we have difficulty integrating and retaining new employees, business systems, and technology, that they distract management from our other businesses, or that announced transactions may not be completed. If an arrangement fails to adequately anticipate changing circumstances and interests of a party, it may result in early termination or renegotiation of the arrangement. We also have limited ability to control or influence third parties with whom we have arrangements, which may impact our ability to realize the anticipated benefits. The success of these transactions and arrangements depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones, as well as the acquired companies ability to meet our policies and processes in areas such as data governance, privacy, digital safety, responsible AI, and cybersecurity. It may take longer than expected to realize the full economic benefits from these transactions and arrangements, such as increased revenue or enhanced efficiencies, or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than we expected, which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangibles. We have recorded, and may in the future be required to record, a significant charge in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, negatively affecting our results of operations. In addition, an acquisition may be subject to challenge even after it has been completed. These events could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 18 PART I Item 1A CYBERSECURITY, DATA PRIVACY, AND PLATFORM ABUSE RISKS Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. Security of our information technology Threats to security can take a variety of forms. Threat actors, including individual and groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including nation-states, state-sponsored organizations, or cybercriminal groups, continuously undertake attacks that pose threats to our customers and our internal infrastructure, and we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in which such actors have gained unauthorized access to our systems and data, including customer systems and data. These actors use a wide variety of methods, which include developing and deploying malicious software; exploiting known and potential vulnerabilities or intentionally designed processes in our or third-party hardware, software, or other infrastructure to attack our products and services or gain access to our networks and datacenters; using social engineering techniques to induce our employees, users, partners, or customers to disclose sensitive information, such as passwords, or take other actions to gain access to our data or our users or customers data; or acting in a coordinated manner or conducting coordinated attacks. For example, as previously disclosed in our Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2024 and amended on March 8, 2024, beginning in late November 2023, a nation-state associated threat actor used a password spray attack to compromise a legacy test account and, in turn, gain access to Microsoft email accounts. The threat actor used information it obtained to gain unauthorized access to some of our source code repositories and internal systems, and the threat actor could continue to utilize this and other information to attempt to gain access to our systems or otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. This incident has and may continue to result in harm to our reputation and customer relationships. Nation-state and state-sponsored actors can sustain malicious activities for extended periods and deploy significant resources to plan and carry out attacks. Nation-state attacks against us, our customers, or our partners have and may continue to intensify due to our transparency to our customers, other stakeholders, and the public about cyberattacks, and during elections or periods of intense diplomatic or armed conflict. Challenges or failures in applying security patches to all hardware and devices connected to our systems, including end-of-life and end-of-support equipment, have and may continue to result in unauthorized access to our systems and data in the future. Cyber incidents and attacks, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, competitive position, and reputation, or expose us to legal or regulatory risk. Inadequate account security or organizational security practices, including those of companies we have acquired or those of the third parties we utilize, have resulted and may result in unauthorized access to our systems and data, including customer systems and data. For example, passwords may not be rotated and employee access may not be updated or removed on a timely basis. Employees or third parties may intentionally compromise our or our users security or systems or reveal confidential information, and laws in foreign jurisdictions may compel actions by such parties against our interests and could limit our recourse. Malicious actors may employ the supply chain to introduce malware through software updates or compromised supplier accounts or hardware. Cyberthreats are constantly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Threat actors may also utilize emerging technologies, such as AI and machine learning. Our current capabilities may not detect certain vulnerabilities or new attack methods, which may allow them to persist in the environment over long periods of time. It may be difficult to determine the best way to investigate, mitigate, contain, and remediate the harm caused by a cyber incident. Such efforts may not be successful, and we may make errors or fail to take necessary actions. It is possible that threat actors may gain undetected access to other networks and systems after establishing a foothold on an internal system. Cyber incidents and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our internal networks and systems, as well as those of our partners and customers. In addition, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks. As a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to provide prompt, full, and reliable information about the incident to our customers, partners, regulators, and the public. Breaches of our facilities, network, or data security can disrupt the security of our systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers and protect the privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, subject us to ransomware attacks, require us to allocate more resources to improve technologies or remediate the impacts of attacks, or otherwise adversely affect our business. In addition, actions taken to remediate an incident could result in outages, data losses, and disruptions of our services. 19 PART I Item 1A Our internal environment continues to evolve. Often, we are early adopters of new devices and technologies. We embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. Increasing use of generative AI models in our internal systems may create new attack surfaces or methods for adversaries. Our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge or the emerging cybersecurity regulations in jurisdictions worldwide. Security of our products, services, devices, and customers data The security of our products and services is important in our customers decisions to purchase or use our products or services across cloud and on-premises environments. Security threats are a significant challenge to companies like us, whose business is providing technology products and services to others. Threats to or attacks on our own infrastructure, such as the nation-state attack described in the prior risk factor, have also affected our customers and may do so in the future. The reliability of our cloud-based services and the protection of customer data depend on the security of our infrastructure, which includes hardware and other elements provided by third parties. Adversaries tend to focus their efforts on the most popular operating systems, programs, and services, including many of ours, as well as customers with sensitive data, and we expect that to continue. In addition, adversaries can attack our customers on-premises or cloud environments, sometimes exploiting previously unknown ( zero-day ) vulnerabilities. Product vulnerabilities can persist even after we have issued security patches if customers have not installed the most recent updates, or if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities before patching to install additional malware to further compromise customers systems. Adversaries will continue to attack customers using our cloud services as customers embrace digital transformation. Adversaries that acquire user account information can use that information to compromise our users accounts, including where accounts share the same attributes such as passwords. Inadequate account security practices may also result in unauthorized access, and user activity may result in ransomware or other malicious software impacting a customer s use of our products or services. Weaknesses in our development processes can result in vulnerabilities in our products. Open source software can also contain vulnerabilities that may make our products susceptible to cyberattacks as we increasingly incorporate open source software into our products. Additionally, features that rely on generative AI can be susceptible to security threats. Our customers operate complex systems with third-party hardware and software from multiple vendors that may include systems acquired over many years. They expect our products and services to support all these systems and products, including those that no longer incorporate the strongest current security advances or standards. As a result, we may not be able to discontinue support in our services for a product, service, standard, or feature solely because a more secure alternative is available. Failure to utilize the most current security advances and standards can increase our customers vulnerability to attack. Further, customers of widely varied sizes and technical sophistication use our technology, and consequently may still have limited capabilities and resources to help them adopt and implement state-of-the-art cybersecurity practices and technologies. In addition, we must account for this wide variation of technical sophistication when defining default settings for our products and services, including security default settings, as these settings may limit or otherwise impact other aspects of operations and some customers may have limited capability to review and reset these defaults. Cyberattacks could adversely impact our customers even if our production services are not directly compromised. We are committed to notifying our customers whose systems have been impacted as we become aware and have actionable information for customers to help protect themselves. We are also committed to providing guidance and support on detection, tracking, and remediation. We may not be able to detect the existence or extent of these attacks for all of our customers or have information on how to detect or track an attack, especially where an attack involves on-premises software such as Exchange Server where we may have no or limited visibility into our customers computing environments. Any of the foregoing events could result in reputational harm, loss of revenue, increased costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 20 PART I Item 1A Development and deployment of defensive measures To defend against security threats to our internal infrastructure, our cloud-based services, and our customers systems, we must take a complex and multifaceted approach. This includes continuously engineering more secure products and services, and enhancing security, threat detection, and reliability features. We must also escalate and improve our development processes and the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities in our own products as well as those provided by others in a timely manner. In addition, we must develop mitigation technologies that help to secure customers from attacks even when software updates are not deployed, and maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network, products, and services. Further, we must provide security tools such as firewalls, anti-virus software, and advanced security and information about the need to deploy security measures and the impact of doing so. The cost of these measures to protect products and customer-facing services could reduce our operating margins. If we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our processes, products, and services, data corruption issues, or reduced performance could harm our reputation and lead customers to exercise contractual or other remedies against us, reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services, or to use competing products or services. Customers and third parties granted access to customer systems may fail to update their systems, continue to run software or operating systems we no longer support, may fail to timely install or enable security patches, or may otherwise fail to adopt adequate security practices. Customers may also spend more on protecting their existing computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption of additional products or services. Customers in certain industries such as financial services, health care, and government have enhanced or specialized expectations and requirements to which we must develop and engineer our products and services. Any of these could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us. Our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, but there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenges. At times, to achieve commercial objectives, we may enter into agreements with larger liability exposure to customers. Our products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products and components across a broad ecosystem of third parties. If there is a security vulnerability in one of these components, and if there is a security exploit targeting it, we could experience adverse impacts to our results of operations, reputation, or competitive position. Disclosure and misuse of personal data could result in liability and harm our reputation. As we continue to grow the number, breadth, and scale of our cloud-based offerings, we store and process increasingly large amounts of personal data of our customers and users. The continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. Despite our efforts to improve the security controls across our business groups and geographies, it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and third parties on data security, and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure or misuse of customer or user data we or our vendors store and manage. Relatedly, despite our efforts to continuously improve security controls, it is possible that we may fail to identify or mitigate insider threat activities that could lead to the misuse of our systems or customer and user data. In addition, third parties who have limited access to our customer or user data may use this data in unauthorized ways. Improper disclosure or misuse could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers or users, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. Our software products and services also enable our customers and users to store and process personal data on-premises or in a cloud-based environment we host. Government authorities can sometimes require us to produce customer or user data in response to valid legal orders. In the U.S. and elsewhere, we advocate for transparency concerning these requests and appropriate limitations on government authority to compel disclosure. Despite our efforts to protect customer and user data, perceptions that the collection, use, and retention of personal information is not satisfactorily protected could inhibit sales of our products or services and could limit adoption of our cloud-based solutions by consumers, businesses, and government entities. Additional security measures we take to address customer or user concerns, or constraints on our flexibility to determine where and how to operate datacenters in response to customer or user expectations or governmental rules or actions, may increase costs or hinder sales of our products and services. We may not be able to protect information in our products and services from use by others . LinkedIn and other Microsoft products and services contain valuable information and content protected by contractual restrictions or technical measures. In certain cases, we have made commitments to our members and users to limit access to or use of this information. Changes in the law or interpretations of the law may weaken our ability to prevent third parties from scraping or gathering information or content through use of bots or other measures and using it for their own benefit which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 21 PART I Item 1A Abuse of our platforms may harm our reputation or user engagement. Advertising, professional, marketplace, and gaming platform abuses For platform products and services that provide content or host ads that come from or can be influenced by third parties, our reputation or user engagement may be negatively affected by activity that is hostile or inappropriate. This activity may come from users impersonating other people or organizations, including through the use of AI technologies, dissemination of information that may be viewed as misleading or intended to manipulate the opinions of our users, or the use of our products or services that violates our terms of service or otherwise for objectionable or illegal ends. Preventing or responding to these actions may require us to make substantial investments in people and technology and these investments may not be successful, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Other digital safety abuses Our consumer services as well as our enterprise services may be used to find, generate, store, or disseminate harmful or illegal content in violation of our terms or applicable law. We may not proactively discover such content due to scale, the limitations of existing technologies, and conflicting legal frameworks. When discovered by users and others, such content may negatively affect our reputation, our brands, and user engagement. Regulations and other initiatives have been enacted to make platforms responsible for preventing or eliminating harmful content online, and we expect this to continue with focused attention on child safety. At the same time, regulations and other initiatives regarding freedom of expression may conflict with such content moderation regulations. The legal and regulatory environment in this area is complex and continues to evolve across multiple jurisdictions. As a result, there is considerable uncertainty regarding both current and future compliance obligations. Failure to comply with content requirements may subject us to enhanced regulatory oversight, civil or criminal liability, or reputational damage, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our products and services, how they are used by customers, and how third-party products and services interact with them, may present security, privacy, and execution risks. Our products and services may contain defects in design, manufacture, or operation that make them insecure or ineffective for their intended purposes. For example, customers control our products and services, including our AI products, within their environments, and may deploy them in high-risk scenarios or utilize them inappropriately. Our products may also collect large amounts of data in manners which may not satisfy customers or regulatory requirements. Our customers also operate complex systems with third-party hardware and software from multiple vendors whose products or personnel may take or fail to take actions which impact the reliability or security of our products and services. If our products and services do not work as intended, are utilized in methods not intended, violate the law, or harm individuals or businesses, we may be subject to legal claims or enforcement actions. These risks, if realized, may increase our costs, damage our reputation, or adversely affect our results of operations. 22 PART I Item 1A Issues in the development, deployment, and use of AI may result in reputational or competitive harm or liability . We are building AI into many of our offerings, including our productivity services, and we are also making AI available for our customers to use in solutions that they build. This AI may be developed by Microsoft or others, including our strategic partner, OpenAI. We expect these elements of our business to grow. We envision a future in which AI operating in devices, applications, and the cloud helps our customers be more productive in their work and personal lives. As with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. AI algorithms or training methodologies may be flawed. Datasets may be overbroad, insufficient, or contain biased or inaccurate information. Content generated by AI systems may be offensive, illegal, inaccurate, or otherwise harmful. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by Microsoft or others could result in incidents that impair the acceptance of AI solutions, cause harm to individuals, customers, or society, or result in our products and services not working as intended. Human review of certain inputs and outputs may be required, including for agentic AI systems that can take actions autonomously. Our implementation of AI systems could result in legal liability, regulatory action, brand, reputational, or competitive harm, or other adverse impacts. These risks may stem from issues related to intellectual property, data privacy, and other claims associated with AI training and outputs. They are further compounded by the evolving regulatory landscape, with new laws emerging globally, including the European Union ( EU ). Some AI scenarios present ethical issues or may have broad impacts on society. There is also rising divergence globally in how to address these issues and impacts, with the result that we will need to navigate a web of different tensions across geographies. Finally, if we enable or offer AI solutions that have unintended consequences, unintended usage or customization by our customers and partners, are contrary to our responsible AI policies and practices, or are otherwise controversial because of the impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, our reputation, competitive position, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. OPERATIONAL RISKS We may have excessive outages, data losses, and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure. Our increasing user traffic, growth in services, and the complexity of our products and services demand more computing power. We spend substantial amounts to build, purchase, or lease datacenters and equipment and to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle more traffic on our websites and in our datacenters. Our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units and other components. The cost or availability of these dependencies could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including the transition to a clean energy economy, local and regional environmental regulations, and geopolitical disruptions. These demands continue to increase as we introduce new products and services and support the growth and the augmentation of existing services, including through the incorporation of AI features and/or functionality. We are rapidly growing our business of providing a platform and back-end hosting for services provided by third parties to their end users. Maintaining, securing, and expanding this infrastructure is expensive and complex, and requires development of principles for datacenter builds in geographies with higher safety and reliability risks. It requires that we maintain an Internet connectivity infrastructure and storage and compute capacity that is robust and reliable within competitive and regulatory constraints that continue to evolve. Inefficiencies or operational failures, including temporary or permanent loss of customer data, outages, insufficient Internet connectivity, insufficient or unavailable power or water supply, or inadequate storage and compute capacity could diminish the quality of our products, services, and user experience, resulting in contractual liability, claims by customers and other third parties, regulatory actions, damage to our reputation, and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, each of which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations. We may experience supply or quality problems. There are limited suppliers for certain device and datacenter components. We continue to identify and evaluate opportunities to expand our datacenter locations and increase our server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI services. Capacity available to us may be affected as competitors use some of the same suppliers and materials for hardware components. If components are delayed or become unavailable, whether because of supplier capacity constraint, industry shortages, legal or regulatory changes that restrict supply sources, or other reasons, we may not obtain timely replacement supplies, resulting in reduced sales or inadequate datacenter capacity to support the delivery and continued development of our products and services. Component shortages, excess or obsolete inventory, or price reductions resulting in inventory adjustments may increase our cost of revenue. Datacenter servers, Xbox consoles, Surface devices, and other hardware are assembled in Asia and other geographies that may be subject to disruptions in the supply chain, resulting in shortages which could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 23 PART I Item 1A Our software products and services also have and may in the future experience quality or reliability problems. The processes we use to develop our software are imperfect. Like all software, our software contains bugs and other defects that interfere with their intended operation. Our customers increasingly rely on us for critical business functions and multiple workloads. Many of our products and services are interdependent on one another. Our products and services may be impacted by interaction with third-party products and services. Our customers may also utilize their own or third-party products and services whose reliability is dependent on interaction with our products and services. Each of these circumstances potentially magnifies the impact of quality or reliability issues. Weaknesses in our processes could result in defects we do not detect and fix in pre-release testing, which could cause reduced sales, damage to our reputation, repair or remediation costs, delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenge. Our hardware products such as Xbox consoles, Surface devices, and other devices we design and market are highly complex. Failure to prevent, detect, or address defects in design, manufacture, or associated software could result in recalls, safety alerts, or product liability claims, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. LEGAL, REGULATORY, AND LITIGATION RISKS We are subject to a variety of new, existing, and evolving legal and regulatory requirements that could adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to a wide range of laws, regulations, and legal requirements in the U.S. and globally, including those that may apply to our products and online services offerings, and those that impose requirements related to user privacy, telecommunications, data storage and protection, digital accessibility, advertising, and online safety. Laws in several jurisdictions, including EU Member State laws under the European Electronic Communications Code, increasingly define certain of our services as regulated services. This trend may continue with our offerings becoming subject to additional data protection, security, digital safety, law enforcement surveillance, and other obligations. Regulators and private litigants may assert that our collection, use, and management of customer data and other information is inconsistent with their laws and regulations, including laws that apply to the tracking of users via technology such as cookies. In addition, laws requiring us to retrieve and produce customer data in response to compulsory legal demands from law enforcement and governmental authorities are expanding and the requests we are experiencing are increasing in volume and complexity. New, existing, and evolving laws and regulations, or interpretations or applications of existing laws and regulations in a manner inconsistent with our interpretations of such laws and regulations or our practices, may result in modification of our products and services, altered business models and operations, increased costs, reputational damage, and civil or criminal liability. Examples include laws and regulations regarding: Competition laws and new market regulation: Government agencies closely scrutinize us under U.S. and foreign competition laws. Governments are actively enforcing competition laws and regulations and enacting new regulations to intervene in digital markets, and this includes markets such as the EU, the United Kingdom, the U.S., and China. Some jurisdictions also allow competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct. U.S. and foreign antitrust authorities have previously brought enforcement actions and continue to scrutinize our business. Competition law enforcement actions and court decisions along with new market regulations may result in fines or hinder our ability to provide the benefits of our software to consumers and businesses, reducing the attractiveness of our products and the revenue that comes from them. New competition law actions or obligations under market regulation schemes could be initiated, potentially using previous actions as precedent. AI: Legislative and regulatory action is emerging in AI, which could increase costs or restrict opportunity. For example, the EU s AI Act may increase costs or impact the provision or operation of our AI models and services in the European market. AI regulatory areas include model and system development and deployment, frontier model safety, transparency, and content provenance. Anti-corruption: The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ) and other anti-corruption laws and regulations ( Anti-Corruption Laws ) prohibit corrupt payments by our employees, vendors, or agents, and the accounting provisions of the FCPA require us to maintain accurate books and records and adequate internal contr