=== BA_2026-01-30.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which can materially affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. These risk factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with the other information in this report, including “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. Due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We depend heavily on commercial airlines, subjecting us to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. The principal factors underlying long-term traffic growth are sustained economic growth and political stability in both developed and emerging markets. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by additional factors including airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, trade policies, geopolitics, technological advances, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices, inflationary pressures, terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, sustainability-related preferences, environmental regulations, and reputational factors. Historically, the airline industry has been cyclical and very competitive and has experienced significant profit swings and constant challenges to be more cost competitive. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally or the financial stability of one or more of our major customers could result in fewer new orders for aircraft or services, or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders and/or payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability and cash flows and a reduction in our contractual backlog. In addition, because our commercial aircraft backlog consists of aircraft scheduled for delivery over a period of several years, any of these macroeconomic, industry or customer impacts could affect deliveries over a long period. We enter into firm fixed-price aircraft sales contracts with indexed price escalation clauses, which subjects us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate. Commercial aircraft sales contracts are typically entered into years before the aircraft are delivered. In order to help account for economic fluctuations between the contract date and delivery date, aircraft pricing generally consists of a fixed amount as modified by price escalation formulas derived from labor, commodity and other price indices. Our revenue estimates are based on current expectations with respect to these escalation formulas, but the actual escalation amounts are outside of our control. Escalation factors can fluctuate significantly from period to period. Changes in escalation amounts can significantly impact revenues and operating margins in our BCA business. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial airlines. We can make no assurance that any customer will exercise purchase options, fulfill existing purchase commitments or purchase additional products or services from us. In addition, fleet decisions, airline consolidations or financial challenges involving any of our major commercial airline customers could significantly reduce our revenues and limit our opportunity to generate profits from those customers. Our customers’ fleet decisions and financial position are also impacted by fuel and other costs, as well as inflationary pressures. 6 Table of Contents Our Commercial Airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, ensure every airplane in our production system conforms to exacting specifications, achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop and certify new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards. The commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers, highly-skilled labor performed by thousands of employees, and stringent and evolving regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. As a result, our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy regulatory and customer requirements, and achieve or maintain, as applicable, program profitability is subject to significant risks. The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives, such as the 777X, 737-7 and 737-10, takes years and involves significant risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification, and production schedules. We follow the lead of the FAA as we work through the certification process, and the FAA ultimately determines the timing of certification and entry into service. There have been significant delays on each of these development programs and if we experience additional delays in achieving certification or meeting customer commitments, or if we or our suppliers are unable to timely and effectively address issues discovered during certification and testing and/or efficiently and cost-effectively incorporate required design changes into production aircraft, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely impacted. For example, the 777X program, which launched in 2013 and is currently expecting first delivery in 2027, recognized additional reach-forward losses of $4.9 billion and $3.5 billion in 2025 and 2024, primarily due to production challenges, certification and delivery delays, and higher estimated labor and supplier costs. A number of our customers have contractual remedies, including compensation for late deliveries or rights to reject individual airplane deliveries based on delivery delays. Delays on the 737, 777X and 787 programs have resulted in, and may continue to result in, customers having the right to terminate orders, be compensated for late deliveries and/or substitute orders for other Boeing aircraft. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve and maintain operational stability and implement productivity improvements to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. We have plans to increase production rates on several of our commercial aircraft programs, while continuing ongoing development and production of new or derivative aircraft. These plans include increasing the 737 production rate to 47 per month in 2026, as well as further production rate increases that will require a new production line. There is risk that planned production rate increases may be delayed or not occur at all if our production health key performance indicators and rate readiness process guided by our Safety Management System do not support increasing production rates or we are unable to obtain FAA concurrence. Similarly, there is risk that planned 787 production rate increases may be delayed or not occur at all. We also continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements and optimizing how we manage inventory. If production rate changes on any of our programs are delayed or create significant disruption to our production system, or if our suppliers cannot timely deliver components that comply with design specifications to us at the cost and rates necessary to achieve our targets, we may be unable to meet delivery schedules and/or the financial performance of one or more of our programs may suffer. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in additional production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex. Operational issues, including certification and/or delivery delays, quality issues, labor instability, supply chain constraints, defects in supplier components, failure to meet internal performance plans, or delays or failures to achieve required regulatory approval, result in additional out-of-sequence work and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers, impacts to aircraft performance and/or increased warranty or fleet 7 Table of Contents support costs. For example, as part of our plan to improve safety and quality and to address the issues identified by the FAA following the 737-9 door plug accident in January 2024, we slowed 737 production rates and delayed planned production rate increases to reduce traveled work in our factory and at our suppliers. These actions, as well as our recent acquisition of Spirit (Spirit Acquisition), significantly impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We and our suppliers have experienced supply chain disruptions and constraints, labor instability and inflationary pressures. These factors have and may continue to reduce overall productivity and adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. If our commercial aircraft fail to satisfy performance and reliability requirements and/or potentially required sustainability standards, we could face additional costs and/or lower revenues. Developing and manufacturing commercial aircraft that meet or exceed our performance and reliability standards and/or potentially required sustainability standards, as well as those of customers and regulatory agencies, is costly and technologically challenging. These challenges are particularly significant with newer aircraft programs. Any failure of any Boeing aircraft to satisfy performance or reliability requirements could result in disruption to our operations, higher costs and/or lower revenues. Changes in levels of U.S. government defense spending or acquisition priorities, as well as significant delays in U.S. government appropriations, could negatively impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the U.S. government, primarily from defense related programs with the United States Department of War (DoW) and contracts with other government agencies, including NASA. Levels of U.S. defense spending are very difficult to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors such as the evolving nature of the national security threat environment, U.S. national security strategy, U.S. foreign policy, the domestic political environment, macroeconomic conditions and the ability of the U.S. government to enact relevant legislation such as authorization and appropriations bills. The government may also constrain discretionary spending by instituting enforceable spending caps. The timeliness of annual appropriations for U.S. government departments and agencies remains a recurrent risk. Congress may fund government departments and agencies with one or more continuing resolutions, which could delay new programs or competitions and/or negatively impact the execution of certain program activities. A lapse in appropriations for government departments or agencies would result in a full or partial government shutdown, which could impact our operations. In the event of a prolonged shutdown, requirements to furlough employees in the DoW, the Department of Transportation, including the FAA, or other government agencies could result in payment delays, impair our ability to deliver commercial airplanes or perform work on existing contracts, delays in the certification of new aircraft or otherwise impact our operations, negatively impact future orders, and/or cause other disruptions or delays. There is uncertainty regarding which government functions would shut down or continue operations during a lapse in appropriations, and corresponding uncertainty regarding the extent or magnitude of potential impacts to our operations. For additional information on U.S. government appropriations and budgets, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Additional Considerations – U.S. Government Funding” on page 31 of this Form 10-K. In addition, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to future acquisition priorities and program-level appropriations for the DoW, NASA and other government agencies, including changes to national security and defense priorities, and tension between modernization investments, sustainment investments, and investments in new technologies or emergent capabilities. Future investment priority changes or budget cuts, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or programs or 8 Table of Contents future program opportunities. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. As a result of the significant ongoing uncertainty with respect to both U.S. defense spending and the evolving nature of the national security threat environment, we also expect the DoW to continue to emphasize affordability, innovation, cybersecurity and delivery of technical data and software in its procurement processes, including the implementation of cybersecurity compliance requirements on the Defense Industrial Base, for which the supply chain may not be fully prepared. If we and our suppliers are unable to adjust to these changing acquisition priorities and policies, our revenues and market share could be impacted. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials and other components. We rely on other companies, including U.S. and non-U.S. subcontractors and suppliers, to provide and produce raw materials, integrated components and sub-assemblies, and production commodities and to perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. Many of our suppliers are experiencing inflationary pressures, as well as resource constraints and disruptions due to production quality issues, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors continue to experience financial difficulties, delivery delays or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers and our financial position, results of operations and cash flows may continue to be adversely impacted. In addition, if one or more of the raw materials on which we depend (such as aluminum, titanium or composites) becomes unavailable to us or our suppliers, or is available only at very high prices, including as a result of increased tariffs and trade restrictions, or has quality issues or defects, we may be unable to deliver one or more of our products in a timely fashion or at budgeted costs. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply. Any service disruption from one of these suppliers, either due to circumstances beyond the supplier’s control, such as geopolitical developments, or as a result of performance problems or financial difficulties, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet commitments to our customers or increase our operating costs. Some of our and our suppliers’ workforces are represented by labor unions. Work stoppages by our employees have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Future work stoppages by our or our suppliers’ employees could also adversely impact our business. Approximately 72,000 employees, or 40% of our total workforce, were union represented as of December 31, 2025, under collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. As of December 31, 2025, we had 32 independent agreements with nine different unions in the U.S., and we had agreements with 18 employee representative bodies internationally. We cannot predict how stable our union relationships will be or whether we will be able to meet the unions’ requirements. During 2024, employees represented by International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) District 751, which represents over 30,000 Boeing manufacturing employees primarily located in Washington state, went out on strike for 53 days, halting production of most of our commercial aircraft and certain of our Defense, Space & Security products, and materially adversely impacting our business and financial position. During 2025, employees represented by IAM District 837, which represents approximately 3,200 employees at our St. Louis area sites, went out on strike for 101 days, disrupting our St. Louis operations and impacting programs including F/A-18, F-15, T-7A, MQ-25 and Weapons. Both the IAM District 751 and the IAM District 837 strikes occurred despite having in each case reached a tentative agreement with union leadership on the terms of the proposed contract and union leadership having recommended its members vote to ratify the proposed contract. If we are unable to successfully negotiate successor agreements with our unions that our employees will ratify 9 Table of Contents (including with Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace who have two contracts expiring in October 2026), we may experience additional work stoppages in the future, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows and result in the diversion of management’s attention from other ongoing business concerns. New union contracts have in the past and could in the future adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The unions may also limit our flexibility in managing our workforce and operations. Work stoppages and instability in our and our suppliers’ union relationships have in the past and could in the future delay the production and/or development of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and result in lower revenues. Competition within our markets and with respect to our products and services may reduce our future contracts and sales. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and one or more of our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas. In our BCA business, we face aggressive international competition intent on increasing market share. In our BDS business, we anticipate that the effects of defense industry consolidation, shifting acquisition and budget priorities, the entry and growth of private capital-backed and other non-traditional defense companies, and continued cost pressure at our DoW and non-U.S. customers will intensify competition for many of our BDS products. Our BGS segment faces competition from many of the same strong U.S. and non-U.S. competitors facing BCA and BDS. Furthermore, we are facing increased international competition and cross-border consolidation of competition, and U.S. procurement and compliance requirements that could limit our ability to be cost-competitive in the international market. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face will not result in reduced revenues and market share. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from non-U.S. sales and are subject to the risks of doing business in other countries, including those related to tariffs, trade restrictions and government actions. In 2025, non-U.S. customers, which include Foreign Military Sales through the U.S. government (FMS), accounted for 46% of our total revenues and 60% of Commercial Airplanes revenue from customer contracts. We expect non-U.S. sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. We are subject to risks of doing business internationally, including: • changes in regulatory requirements or other executive branch actions, such as Executive Orders; • changes in the global trade environment, including potential deterioration in geopolitical or trade relations between countries; • disputes with authorities in non-U.S. jurisdictions, including international trade authorities; • imposition of domestic and international taxes, export controls, tariffs, duties, embargoes, sanctions and other trade restrictions; • tariffs, duties or other costs attributable to the importation of raw materials, parts, products and services, which could impact sales and/or delivery of products and services outside the U.S. and/or impose increased costs on us, our supply chain or our customers; • changes to U.S. and non-U.S. government policies, including sourcing restrictions, requirements to expend a portion of program funds locally and governmental industrial cooperation or participation requirements; • fluctuations in international currency exchange rates; 10 Table of Contents • volatility in international political and economic environments and changes in non-U.S. national priorities and budgets, which can lead to delays or fluctuations in orders; • the complexity and necessity of using non-U.S. representatives and consultants; • the uncertainty of the ability of non-U.S. customers to finance purchases, including the availability of financing from the Export-Import Bank of the United States; • uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding credit or guarantees; • the difficulty of management and operation of an enterprise spread over many countries; • compliance with a variety of non-U.S. laws, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad; and • unforeseen developments and conditions, including terrorism, war, epidemics and international tensions and conflicts. While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our operations. The global trade environment remains highly dynamic and continues to evolve. Current U.S. trade policy includes the imposition of baseline, sectoral or country-specific tariffs on imports. Other countries have announced retaliatory actions or plans for retaliatory actions. Tariffs and any retaliatory actions could significantly increase the cost of our products and, particularly with respect to our commercial aircraft, result in lower demand for our products, delivery delays, and terminations of orders by customers. China is a significant market for commercial aircraft and we have long-standing relationships with our Chinese customers. Overall, the U.S.-China trade relationship is challenged due to tariffs, sanctions, and export restrictions, as well as other economic and national security concerns. For example, in the second quarter of 2025, certain customers in China paused accepting our deliveries in response to ongoing tariff negotiations between the U.S. and China. Although deliveries to those customers have since resumed, if we are unable to deliver aircraft to customers in China consistent with our assumptions and/or obtain additional orders from China in the future, we may experience reduced deliveries and/or lower market share. Impacts from potential deterioration in geopolitical or trade relationships between the U.S. and other countries, particularly China and European Union member states, including as a result of the risks described above, could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. We use estimates and make assumptions in accounting for contracts and programs. Changes in our estimates and/or assumptions could adversely affect our future financial results. Contract and program accounting require judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating revenues and costs and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts and programs, the estimation of total revenues and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Assumptions have to be made regarding the length of time to complete the contract or program because costs also include expected increases in wages and employee benefits, material prices and allocated fixed costs. Incentives or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating sales and profit rates and are recorded when there is sufficient information for us to assess anticipated performance. Customer and supplier claims and assertions are also assessed and considered in estimating revenues, costs and profit rates. Estimates of future award fees are also included in revenues and profit rates. With respect to each of our commercial aircraft programs, inventoriable production costs (including 11 Table of Contents overhead), program tooling and other non-recurring costs and routine warranty costs are accumulated and charged as cost of sales by program instead of by individual units or contracts. A program consists of the estimated number of units (accounting quantity) of a product to be produced in a continuing, long-term production effort for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates. To establish the relationship of sales to cost of sales, program accounting requires estimates of (a) the number of units to be produced and sold in a program, (b) the period over which the units can reasonably be expected to be produced and (c) the units’ expected sales prices, production costs, program tooling and other non-recurring costs, and routine warranty costs for the total program. Changes to customer or model mix, production costs and rates, learning curve, price escalation indices, costs of derivative aircraft, supplier performance, customer and supplier negotiations/settlements, supplier claims and/or certification issues can impact these estimates. Estimation of the accounting quantity for a program takes into account several factors including firm orders, letters of intent from prospective customers and market studies. In addition, on development programs such as the 777X, 737-7 and 737-10, we are subject to risks with respect to the timing and conditions of aircraft certification, including potential gaps between when aircraft are certified in various jurisdictions, changes in certification processes and our estimates with respect to the timing of future certifications, which could have an impact on overall program status. Any such change in estimates relating to program accounting may adversely affect future financial performance. Because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes described above, materially different revenues and profit amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions, revised our estimates, or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect future period financial performance. For additional information on our accounting policies for recognizing sales and profits, see our discussion under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Estimates – Accounting for Long-term Contracts/Program Accounting” on pages 49 - 50 and Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 60 - 70 of this Form 10-K. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures. As part of our business strategy, we may merge with or acquire businesses and/or form joint ventures and strategic alliances. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these acquisitions, and related activities depends, in part, upon our ability to integrate the operations of the acquired business, the performance of the underlying product and service portfolio, and the performance of the management team and other personnel of the acquired operations. Accordingly, our financial results could be adversely affected by unanticipated performance issues, legacy liabilities, cybersecurity issues or vulnerabilities, transaction-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles, charges for impairment of long-term assets, credit guarantees, partner performance and indemnification obligations. The Spirit Acquisition closed in December 2025, and difficulties in integrating Spirit may result in the failure to realize anticipated benefits of the acquisition (including anticipated synergies and safety and quality improvements) in the expected timeframe or at all, as well as operational challenges, the diversion of management’s attention from other ongoing business concerns, and unforeseen expenses, which may have an adverse impact on our operations and our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Consolidations of joint ventures could also impact our reported results of operations or financial position. As part of our portfolio management, we also may make strategic divestitures from time to time, such as our recent divestiture of portions of our Digital Aviation Solutions business. In connection with acquisitions or divestitures, we may have obligations to, or rely on the performance of, unrelated third parties, including pursuant to transitional or l

=== BA_2026-04-22.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table provides information about purchases we made during the quarter ended March 31, 2026, of equity securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act: (Dollars in millions, except per share data) (a) (b) (c) (d) Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 1/1/2026 thru 1/31/2026 33,163 $228.70 2/1/2026 thru 2/28/2026 91,595 228.84 3/1/2026 thru 3/31/2026 12,647 221.57 Total 137,405 $228.14 (1) A total of 137,405 shares were transferred to us from employees in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock units during the period. We did not purchase any shares of our common stock in the open market pursuant to a repurchase program. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or officers adopted , modified or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as such terms are defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 47 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits 10.1 Form of U.S. Notice of Terms of Long-Term Incentive Performance Stock Units (Free Cash Flow)* 10.2 Form of Non-U.S. Notice of Terms of Long-Term Incentive Performance Stock Units (Free Cash Flow)* 10.3 Form of U.S. Notice of Terms of Long-Term Incentive Performance Stock Units (Relative TSR)* 10.4 Form of Non-U.S. Notice of Terms of Long-Term Incentive Performance Stock Units (Relative TSR)* 10.5 Form of U.S. Notice of Terms of Long-Term Incentive Restricted Stock Units (Post-Vesting Hold)* 10.6 Form of Non-U.S. Notice of Terms of Long-Term Incentive Restricted Stock Units (Post-Vesting Hold)* 10.7 Form of U.S. Notice of Terms of Long-Term Incentive Restricted Stock Units* 10.8 Form of Non-U.S. Notice of Terms of Long-Term Incentive Restricted Stock Units* 10.9 Letter Agreement with Quantz Advisory LLC* 15 Letter from Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm regarding unaudited interim financial information 22 Subsidiary Guarantor and Issuer of Guaranteed Securities (Exhibit 22 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) * Management contract or compensatory plan. 48 Table of Contents Signature Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE BOEING COMPANY (Registrant) April 22, 2026 /s/ Michael J. Cleary (Date) Michael J. Cleary Senior Vice President and Controller 49 