=== AXON_2026-04-16.htm.gz ===
axon-20260416 0001069183 FALSE DEF 14A iso4217:USD 0001069183 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001069183 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001069183 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001069183 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001069183 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001069183 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 _________________________________________________________ SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) _________________________________________________________ Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o Preliminary Proxy Statement o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) x Definitive Proxy Statement o Definitive Additional Materials o Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Axon Enterprise, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) _________________________________________________________ (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): x No fee required. o Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. o Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents A Letter from Axon CEO, Rick Smith Fellow Shareholders, I have been building this company for over 30 years. I have never been more energized or more convinced that the moment we are in will define a generation. The world is changing faster than at any point in my career. Artificial intelligence ( AI ) is not an incremental advance. It is a fundamental disruption a force that will reshape industries, redefine what technology can do, and break companies that are not ready for it. At the same time, the problems we set out to solve three decades ago violence, injustice, a lack of accountability remain as urgent as ever. These two realities are converging, and Axon sits at the intersection. Our mission to protect life has always demanded imagination the willingness to invent new solutions when the world said none existed. Now, for the first time, the technology is advancing fast enough to match the scale of that ambition. What once felt like a distant aspiration is becoming operational reality, and it is happening faster than any of us anticipated. 2025 was the year that came into focus. We delivered the strongest results in our history not by playing it safe, but by leaning in. And it starts with the reason we exist. Our Moonshot: The First Signs of Progress A few years ago, we set an audacious goal: cut gun-related deaths between police and the public in the U.S. in half by 2033. In 2025, for the first time, the trend line moved in the right direction fatalities declined nearly 10% from their peak. It is too early to claim direct causation, but we are hearing from customers every day about situations where officers reached for their TASER device instead of their firearm, and a life was saved as a result. A major U.S. county sheriff's office reported a 42% reduction in deputy-involved shootings, crediting TASER 10 and de-escalation training delivered through our Virtual Reality ( VR ) platform as contributing factors. This is not only about our latest TASER device getting into the hands of more people. We can build the greatest device ever created, but if people are not trained to use it effectively, it does not deliver its true value. That is why we invested in building a suite of VR training solutions over the past five years leaning in before VR was common or widely adopted. Last year, customers completed nearly half a million VR training sessions, and our platform is now one of the most widely deployed in U.S. public safety. This year, we are infusing it with AI-powered features that will transform how officers are trained in the decade ahead. We lean in and make bold bets before it is safe to do so that s how we build our first-mover advantage. We believe that advantage will compound over time and the AI Era is here to prove that. The AI Era Is Here And Axon Is Built for It We are living through a pivotal moment not just for Axon, not just for public safety, but for humanity. This is the moment where human and machine intelligence begin working together to solve problems that once felt permanent. The world sees the risk AI poses to traditional software but Axon is not just software. We are an integrated hardware and software ecosystem, powered by massive real-world data, deployed in high-regulation environments, and most importantly built on deep trust with customers who depend on us as their technology partner. That combination is extraordinarily difficult to replicate, and it is why I believe AI is the greatest accelerant Axon has ever had. Our differentiation is not the models everyone has access to frontier models. It is the physical sockets already on the officer: the body cameras, TASER devices, and sensors that hundreds of thousands of professionals wear every day. We do not need to convince anyone to carry a new device. We embed AI directly into the tools they already depend on. Behind those sockets sits some of the most sensitive operational data on earth, managed on our Evidence.com platform with the highest standards of privacy and security. And connecting it all are the real-world workflows records, reports, evidence sharing, real-time operations where AI unlocks value at every layer. Table of Contents Just months after launch, more than 500 agencies went live on Axon Assistant, with officers translating conversations in 50+ languages, querying policy hands-free, and producing reports in a fraction of the time all through the body cameras they already wear. We are just getting started with what that assistant can do and it is going to be exponentially more powerful over just another few months. Our strategy is resonating with our customers. In our first full year with our AI Era Plan the package and the promise that we have made to customers we booked approximately $750 million. That s beyond the rate of any individual software product we ve shipped to date, and well ahead of our expectations. It s a sign that our customers trust us to be there for them, and they trust us to show them the way. My conviction is that nobody should be more aggressive or more thoughtful on AI than Axon. If we get that balance right, we will not just be a vendor. We will be the partner our customers cannot imagine operating without. That is when the real flywheel kicks in deeper relationships, expanded footprints, and increasingly mission-critical problems landing on our doorstep. Building the World's Leading Safety Sensor Network Our vision can be stated simply: the world's leading safety sensor network, fully connected and supercharged by AI. Today, a TASER 10 cartridge is fired approximately every 30 seconds in the U.S. Our body cameras have recorded over 60 million hours of footage. Fusus powers more than one million monthly livestreams across 300,000+ connected community cameras. Each data point is a node in a network that grows more connected and more intelligent every day and every new sensor, every new workflow, and every new customer makes the whole platform more valuable. In 2025, we expanded that network significantly. Axon Vehicle Intelligence brought us into the fixed license plate reading market integrating live streaming, real-time alerts, and AI-powered vehicle descriptors into a unified workflow. Axon Body Mini extends our ecosystem into commercial environments retail, healthcare, logistics with a compact, connected, AI-powered camera purpose-built for enterprise workers. And with our acquisitions of Prepared and Carbyne, Axon 911 extends the ecosystem to the very first moment a call for help is made, connecting AI-enabled communications to the sensors, real-time operations, and documentation workflows already in our network. A decade ago, I saw pressure to shed our hardware businesses and chase software margins. I disagreed. My belief was and remains that the most important customer problems require integrated solutions not point products. What we have built is an interconnected ecosystem of hardware, software, and cloud services embedded in heavily regulated industries through long-term contracts. Rather than being a target for disruption, we are the disruptor. We remain focused on our customers and where their needs are not met, and that s what leads us to disrupt existing workflows from so many angles. The current environment is accelerating ability to do this at scale and we seek to build the platform our customers will trust to scale with them. That focus won t be replicated in pieces, and a vision is difficult to follow without being willing to take a risk and pioneer it. Protecting Life in More Places Our ecosystem is not built for one use case. It is built for every environment where safety, documentation, and accountability matter and where technology has lagged for decades. A correctional officer with the tools to de-escalate before conflict starts. A retail associate trained through immersive AI scenarios, equipped with a body camera that connects them to their security team in seconds, with incidents automatically summarized and transmitted to the appropriate response. A healthcare worker whose documentation burden drops so she can focus on the patient in front of her. A federal agent with the same integrated platform as the local officer on the beat. A prosecutor who walks into court with a clear, evidence-based picture of exactly what happened. The platform is the same. The impact scales to every corner of public safety and now beyond. Table of Contents What excites me most is this: we are not building for just one of these futures. We are building for all of them. Every critical incident follows three phases observe, communicate, and act. Our sensors capture what is happening. Our connected platform shares it in real time. And AI embedded natively in every workflow helps our customers act with greater speed, clarity, and confidence. This is the difference between technology that assists and technology that transforms. We are giving our customers genuine superpowers the ability to do things that simply were not possible before. Results That Reflect Execution Our mission is delivering financial results that match our ambition. Axon achieved record revenue of $2.8 billion in 2025, up 33% year over year, our fourth consecutive year of annual growth above 30%. Software Services grew over 40% and now represents 43% of revenue. ARR reached $1.3 billion. Net revenue retention accelerated to 125%. We delivered net income of $125 million at a 4.5% margin and adjusted EBITDA of $710 million at a 25.5% margin while maintaining a Rule of 40 above 55 and we did it while investing aggressively in R D, new product categories, and go-to- market expansion. These metrics measure our past execution, but they also excite me for our future. With only about 30% of customers on premium subscription plans today, the runway ahead is substantial. We have set our strongest outlook ever heading into 2026, and our long-term targets reflect our confidence that we are still in the early innings of what this ecosystem can become. Let's Roll Darwin got it right: it is not the strongest who survive, but the most adaptable. Axon has always been built on reinvention finding a way forward when others said there was none. That is not just our history. It is our competitive advantage. Complacency is fatal. Pulling back would assure failure. Leaning in creates the future. We are taking bold risks, investing aggressively, and reimagining everything AI can touch in our domain while staying grounded in the mission and values that have defined us from the start. I have been doing this for over 30 years. I have never been more energized than I am right now. What I see inside this company teams delivering multiples of their original roadmaps, creativity accelerating at a pace I have never witnessed tells me we are in the right position at the right moment. To our employees, customers, and shareholders thank you for believing in what we are building. We are not just building a business. We are solving problems that matter. Let's roll. -Rick Table of Contents BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS Who We Are Axon Enterprise, Inc. ( Axon, the Company, we or us ) is a technology company that provides integrated hardware and software solutions. Founder-led since 1993, Axon began with a mission to protect life and has grown into a global technology company serving a range of customers. Our products and services allow customers across the public and private sector to capture and use critical data to support fully-connected operational workflows. Our trusted network seamlessly integrates software and hardware with a range of connected devices, including TASER energy devices, cameras and sensors, drones and robotics, cloud-based evidence management, records management, real-time operations software, critical incident and emergency response systems, immersive training, and productivity tools all enhanced by artificial intelligence ( AI ). Designed to work together, these solutions create a unified, data-driven operating system that prioritizes safety and helps protect people and places with greater speed, accuracy, transparency, and accountability. Our integrated technology platform of hardware and software solutions advances our mission to (i) make the bullet obsolete, (ii) reduce social conflict, and (iii) enable a fair and effective justice system. Our products and technology solutions address complex, high-stakes challenges, and our mission attracts top talent. We aim to invent and deliver technology solutions that progressively make the right things easier and the wrong things harder every day. Axon is a diversified technology company with employees distributed across multiple geographies. Alongside our primary corporate headquarters in Scottsdale, Arizona, we have hubs in many major cities across the United States and ongoing international expansion across Europe, Asia, and the Americas, as we continue to drive our mission globally. Our Business Segments As of January 1, 2025, we realigned our business to better reflect our continued growth and expansion of our technology solutions. Previously reported within two reportable segments, TASER and Software and Sensors, we realigned our business in a manner that provides increased transparency and distinction between our software and services and hardware components. Axon s operations comprise a fully integrated suite of products across connected hardware, software, and services which are disclosed in two reportable segments: Software and Services: We develop, manufacture and sell cloud-based Software-as-a-Service solutions that leverage AI and enable our customers to capture, securely store, manage, share and analyze video and other digital evidence. Our software offerings also support productivity and real-time operations. Connected Devices: We develop, manufacture and sell fully integrated hardware solutions, such as conducted energy devices sold under the TASER brand, body cameras, fixed and in-car cameras, drone and counter-drone technologies, and a broad ecosystem of accessories, extended warranties and related hardware products. Table of Contents Key Performance Highlights (1) Annual revenue increased over 33% to mark our fourth consecutive year of 30%+ annual growth Annual net income of $125 million supported adjusted EBITDA of $710 million Generated annual bookings of $7.4 billion, up 46% year over year Introduced major product expansions, including Axon Vehicle Intelligence, Axon Assistant, Axon Body Mini and Axon 911 Revenue Total company revenue of $2.8 billion in 2025 achieved through compound annual revenue growth of 33% from 2022. Profitability Measures We delivered a full-year net income margin of 4.5% alongside a 25.5% adjusted EBITDA margin reflecting approximately 600 basis points of expansion since 2022. Total Shareholder Returns (2) AXON ranks above the 93rd percentile among all S P 500 companies for shareholder three-, five- and 10-year returns. (1) Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures; see Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures for definitions of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. (2) Represents stock price performance through December 31, 2025 . Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS Board Governance Oversight Shareholder Rights Engagement Independent board leadership Majority independent board Directors with a wide range of skills, expertise and multi-faceted backgrounds Regular board refreshment four new directors added since 2023 Average director age: 58 Average director tenure: 10 years One share, one vote equity structure Annual director elections Majority vote standard Public board service limits Director tenure and term limits Ability for shareholders to call a special meeting Ability for shareholders to act by written consent Regular shareholder engagement with our investors to understand their views and seek feedback Proxy access bylaw provision Governance Structures Unique to Axon s Business Standing Board Committees Advisory Boards Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, including oversight of Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) and sustainability-related risks Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee, including oversight of cybersecurity risk in consultation with our Audit Committee Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee Ethics Equity Advisory Council ( EEAC ) composed of community leaders and community- focused academics, provides our Board with insight into the responsible development and deployment of new technology including artificial intelligence in both public safety and community contexts. The EEAC assists with gap analyses and helps us develop toolkits, training, and product review processes to support ethical product design Scientific and Medical Advisory Board composed of experts from several fields who help to ensure our Board is aware of evolving technology, practices and regulations material to our TASER devices so that the Board can appropriately oversee Axon s strategy Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. 17800 North 85th Street Scottsdale, Arizona 85255 _____________________________________________________ NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS May 28, 2026 _____________________________________________________ To Our Shareholders: The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Axon Enterprise, Inc. (the Company or Axon ) will be held at 1:00 p.m. Pacific time on Thursday, May 28, 2026 . The Annual Meeting will be a completely virtual meeting of shareholders. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting, vote your shares electronically, and submit your questions during the live webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AXON2026 . You will need to have your 16-digit control number included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, on your proxy card, or on your voting instruction card or form or other instructions that accompanied your proxy statement. The Annual Meeting will be held for the following purposes: 1. Election of the directors of the Company named in the proxy statement; 2. Advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Company s named executive officers; and 3. Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 . Only shareholders of record of the Company s common stock at the close of business on March 31, 2026 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. Only shareholders with a valid 16-digit control number will be able to attend the Annual Meeting and vote, ask questions, and access the list of shareholders as of the close of business on the record date for the Annual Meeting. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to read the proxy statement and vote as soon as possible. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the section entitled General Information About the Annual Meeting and Voting in the proxy statement and the instructions on your proxy card or the voting instruction card or form you receive from your broker, bank or other intermediary. Please note that, if you hold shares in different accounts, it is important that you vote the shares represented by each account. Table of Contents If you have any questions concerning the proxy statement or the proposals, would like additional copies of the proxy statement or need help voting your shares of Axon, please contact Axon s proxy solicitor: Innisfree M A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10022 Shareholders Call Toll Free: (877) 750-8129 International Callers: +1 (412) 232-3651 Brokers and Banks Call: (212) 750-5833 By Order of the Board of Directors, /s/ ISAIAH FIELDS Isaiah Fields Corporate Secretary Scottsdale, Arizona April 16, 2026 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING, PLEASE VOTE ON THE INTERNET, BY TELEPHONE, OR MARK, SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY RETURN YOUR PROXY OR VOTING INSTRUCTION CARD OR FORM IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS General Information About the Annual Meeting and Voting 1 Governance 6 The Board of Directors 6 Board and Committee Governance 18 Director Compensation 25 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 28 Share Ownership 29 Ownership of Equity Securities of the Company 29 Executive Compensation 31 Executive Officers 31 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 34 Summary Compensation Table 47 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 48 Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End 49 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 50 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 51 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control 52 Pay versus Performance 55 Pay Ratio of CEO Compensation to Median Employee Compensation 59 Audit Matters 60 Report of the Audit Committee 60 Proposals 62 Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors 63 Proposal No. 2 Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers 64 Proposal No. 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 66 Other Matters 68 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures 70 Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 1 Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. 17800 North 85th Street Scottsdale, Arizona 85255 _________________________________________________________ PROXY STATEMENT FOR 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS _________________________________________________________ GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTING Why am I receiving these proxy materials? The Board of Directors (the Board or Board of Directors ) of Axon Enterprise, Inc. (the Company or Axon ) has made these proxy materials available to you on the Internet or has delivered printed copies of these proxy materials to you by mail in connection with the Board of Directors solicitation of proxies for use at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ), which will take place virtually at 1:00 p.m. Pacific time on Thursday, May 28, 2026 . You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting, vote your shares electronically, access the list of shareholders as of the close of business on March 31, 2026 (the Record Date ), and submit your questions during the live webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AXON2026 . You will need to have your 16-digit control number included on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ), on your proxy card, or on your voting instruction card or form or other instructions that accompanied your proxy statement ( Voting Instruction Card ). We recommend logging into the Annual Meeting prior to the start time. This proxy statement describes the matters on which you, as a shareholder, are entitled to vote. It also gives you information on these matters so that you can make an informed decision. This proxy statement is first being made available or sent to shareholders on or about April 16, 2026 . What is included in these materials? These materials include: This proxy statement for the Annual Meeting; and The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Report ). If you received printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, the proxy materials also include the proxy card or Voting Instruction Card for the Annual Meeting. Why did I receive a one-page notice in the mail regarding the Internet availability of these proxy materials instead of a printed copy of these proxy materials? In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), instead of mailing printed copies of the proxy materials to all of our shareholders, we have elected to furnish such materials to shareholders by providing access to these documents over the Internet. Accordingly, on April 16, 2026 , we sent the Notice to shareholders of record and beneficial owners of shares of our common stock as of the Record Date. Shareholders have the ability to access the proxy materials on a website referred to in the Notice or request to receive a printed or electronic copy of the proxy materials by following the directions found in the Notice. The Company encourages you to take advantage of the availability of the proxy materials on the Internet in order to help reduce the cost and environmental impact of the Annual Meeting. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 2 Table of Contents How can I get electronic access to the proxy materials? The Notice provides you with instructions regarding how to: (1) view our proxy materials for the Annual Meeting on the Internet; (2) vote your shares after you have viewed our proxy materials; (3) request a printed or electronic copy of the proxy materials; and (4) instruct us to send our future proxy materials to you electronically via email. Copies of the proxy materials are also available for viewing on the investor relations page of the Company s website at http:// investor.axon.com. What proposals will be voted on at the Annual Meeting and how does the Board of Directors recommend I vote? Shareholders will vote on the following items at the Annual Meeting: Proposal Description Board Recommendation No. 1 Election of the directors of the Company named in this proxy statement FOR (all nominees) No. 2 Advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Company s named executive officers FOR No. 3 Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026 FOR Shareholders will also vote on the transaction of any other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. To the maximum extent allowed by the SEC s proxy rules, the proxy holders will vote your shares on such other matters as they determine in their discretion. Where are the Company s principal executive offices located and what is the Company s main telephone number? The Company s principal executive offices are located at 17800 North 85th Street, Scottsdale, Arizona 85255. The Company s main telephone number is (480) 991-0797. Who may vote at the Annual Meeting? As of the Record Date, there were 80,572,201 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on each matter that may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. The holders of a majority of the voting power of all shares entitled to vote, present in person (virtually) or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. Shareholders are not entitled to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Only shareholders as of the close of business on the Record Date are entitled to receive notice of, to attend, and to vote at the Annual Meeting. What is the difference between a shareholder of record and a beneficial owner of shares held in street name? Shareholder of Record If your shares are registered directly in your name with the Company s transfer agent, Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., you are considered the shareholder of record with respect to those shares, and the Notice or printed copies of the proxy materials were sent directly to you by the Company. If you request printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, you will also receive a printed proxy card. Beneficial Owner of Shares Held in Street Name If your shares are held in an account at a broker, bank or other intermediary, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in street name, and the Notice or printed copies of the proxy materials were forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding your account is considered the shareholder of record for purposes of voting at the Annual Meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct that organization how to vote the shares held in your account. If you request printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, you will also receive a printed Voting Instruction Card. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 3 Table of Contents If I am a shareholder of record of the Company s shares, how do I vote? There are multiple ways to vote: : Via the Internet. If you received a Notice, you may vote via the Internet: Before the Meeting: until 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on May 27, 2026 , visit www.proxyvote.com and enter the control number found in the Notice. During the Meeting: visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AXON2026 and enter the control number found in the Notice. ( By telephone. If you received or requested printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, until 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on May 27, 2026 , you may vote by calling the toll-free number found on the proxy card. , B y mail . If you received or requested printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, you may vote by filling out the proxy card and returning it in the envelope provided. If I am a beneficial owner of shares held in street name, how do I vote? Your broker or bank will send you instructions on how to vote. There are multiple ways to vote: : Via the Internet. If you received a Notice, you may vote via the Internet: Before the Meeting: until 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on May 27, 2026 , visit www.proxyvote.com and enter the control number found in the Notice. During the Meeting: visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AXON2026 and enter the control number found in the Notice. ( By telephone. If you received or requested printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, until 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on May 27, 2026 , you may vote by calling the toll-free number found on the Voting Instruction Card. , By mail. If you received or requested printed copies of the proxy materials by mail, you may vote by filling out the Voting Instruction Card and returning it in the envelope provided. To attend and participate in the Annual Meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number included on your Notice, on your proxy card or on your Voting Instruction Card. If your shares are held in street name, you should contact your broker or bank to obtain your 16-digit control number or otherwise vote through your broker or bank. Only shareholders with a valid 16-digit control number will be able to attend the Annual Meeting and vote, ask questions and access the list of shareholders as of the close of business on the Record Date for the Annual Meeting. What constitutes a quorum in order to hold and transact business at the Annual Meeting? Under Delaware law and the Company s Bylaws (as amended and restated, the Bylaws ), the holders of a majority of the voting power of all shares entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy, at a meeting constitutes a quorum. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted as present to determine whether a quorum has been established. Once a share of the Company s common stock is represented for any purpose at a meeting, it is deemed present for quorum purposes for the remainder of the meeting and any adjournment thereof. If a quorum is not present, the Annual Meeting may be postponed or adjourned until a quorum is obtained. How are proxies voted? All valid proxies received prior to the Annual Meeting will be voted. All shares represented by a proxy will be voted and, where a shareholder specifies by means of the proxy a choice with respect to any matter to be acted upon, the shares will be voted in accordance with the shareholder s instructions. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 4 Table of Contents What happens if I do not give specific voting instructions? Shareholder of Record If you are a shareholder of record and you indicate when voting on the Internet or by telephone that you wish to vote as recommended by the Board, or sign and return a proxy card without giving specific voting instructions, then the proxy holders will vote your shares in the manner recommended by the Board on all matters presented in this proxy statement and as the proxy holders may determine in their discretion with respect to any other matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. Beneficial Owner of Shares Held in Street Name If you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name and do not provide the organization that holds your shares with specific voting instructions, the organization that holds your shares may vote on routine matters but cannot vote on non- routine matters. If the organization that holds your shares does not receive instructions from you on how to vote your shares on a non-routine matter, the organization that holds your shares will inform the inspector of election that it does not have the authority to vote on such matters with respect to your shares. This is generally referred to as a broker non-vote. Which ballot measures are considered routine or non-routine ? Proposals No. 1 and No. 2 (election of the directors, and the advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Company s named executive officers) are considered non-routine. A broker or other nominee cannot vote without specific voting instructions from the beneficial owner on non-routine matters, and therefore we anticipate there will be broker non-votes in connection with Proposals No. 1 and No. 2. Proposal No. 3 (ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026) is considered routine. A broker or other nominee may generally vote on routine matters, and therefore no broker non-votes are expected in connection with this proposal. Can I change my vote after I have voted? You may revoke your proxy and change your vote at any time before the final vote during the Annual Meeting, subject to the instructions provided on your Notice, on your proxy card or on your Voting Instruction Card, by voting again via the Internet or by telephone (only your latest Internet or telephone proxy submitted prior to the final vote during the Annual Meeting will be counted), by signing and returning a new proxy card or Voting Instruction Card with a later date that is received prior to the Annual Meeting, or by attending the Annual Meeting and voting during the meeting. However, your attendance at the Annual Meeting will not automatically revoke your proxy unless you vote again during the Annual Meeting or specifically request that your prior proxy be revoked by delivering to the Company s Corporate Secretary at 17800 North 85th Street, Scottsdale, Arizona 85255 a written notice of revocation and is received prior to the Annual Meeting. Is my vote confidential? Proxy instructions, ballots and voting tabulations that identify individual shareholders are handled in a manner that protects your voting privacy. Your vote will not be disclosed either within the Company or to third parties, except as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements, to allow for the tabulation and certification of votes, and to facilitate a successful proxy solicitation. What is the voting requirement to approve each of the proposals? Election of Directors For Proposal No. 1, under our Bylaws, assuming the existence of a quorum at the Annual Meeting, each director will be elected by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes properly cast for and against such nominee s election. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no impact on the outcome of this proposal if a quorum is present. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 5 Table of Contents Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers For Proposal No. 2, assuming the existence of a quorum at the Annual Meeting, the affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes properly cast for or against the proposal in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting is required for approval, on an advisory basis. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no impact on the outcome of this proposal if a quorum is present. Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm For Proposal No. 3, assuming the existence of a quorum at the Annual Meeting, the affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes properly cast for or against the proposal in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting is required for ratification. Abstentions will have no impact on the outcome of this proposal if a quorum is present. Who will serve as the inspector of election? A member of the Company s internal legal department will serve as the inspector of election. Where can I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting? The final voting results will be tallied by the inspector of election and, within four business days after the Annual Meeting, the Company expects to report the final results on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. Who is paying for the cost of this proxy solicitation? The Company will bear the cost of solicitation of proxies for the Annual Meeting. We are soliciting your proxy on behalf of our Board. In addition to the use of mail, proxies may be solicited by personal interview, telephone, facsimile, electronically, including email, or otherwise, by our directors, officers and other employees. They will not receive any additional compensation for these activities. We have engaged Innisfree M A Incorporated to assist in the solicitation of proxies for a fee of $30,000 for services not yet contracted, plus reimbursement of reasonable expenses, and we have agreed to indemnify Innisfree M A Incorporated against certain losses, costs and expenses. We also will request persons, firms and corporations holding shares in their names, or in the names of their nominees, that are beneficially owned by others to send or cause to be sent proxy materials to, and obtain proxies from, such beneficial owners and will reimburse such holders for their reasonable expenses in doing so. Who can help answer my other questions? If after reading this proxy statement you have more questions about the Annual Meeting or the proposals, you should contact Innisfree M A incorporated, our proxy solicitor, at: Innisfree M A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10022 Shareholders Call Toll Free: (877) 750-8129 International Callers: +1 (412) 232-3651 Brokers and Banks Call: (212) 750-5833 Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 6 Table of Contents GOVERNANCE THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Role of the Board of Directors The principal duties of the Board of Directors are to provide independent oversight of management and the Company's strategic direction. The fundamental responsibility of the directors is to exercise their business judgment to act in what they reasonably believe to be the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. The Board also oversees risk management and succession planning, and upholds the integrity of the Company's financial reporting, disclosures, and compliance programs. Our governance framework is designed to promote accountability, informed decision-making, and effective oversight of strategy, performance, and risk. Axon s key governance documents, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, are available at https:// investor.axon.com/Governance-Documents. Director Nominations Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the NCG Committee ) is responsible for identifying, evaluating, and recommending qualified director candidates to the Board for nomination and election at each annual meeting of shareholders, with a focus on skills, experience, and expertise best suited to oversee the Company's strategy and operations. The NCG Committee may consider candidates recommended by directors, management, or shareholders, and, at times, may retain third-party search firms to assist in the identification and evaluation of candidates. Shareholders who wish the NCG Committee to consider their recommendations for nominees for the position of director should submit their recommendations in writing by mail to the NCG Committee, c/o Axon Enterprise, Inc., 17800 North 85th Street, Scottsdale, AZ 85255, in accordance with the procedures in our Bylaws. Recommendations by shareholders that are made in accordance with these procedures will receive the same consideration by the NCG Committee as other suggested nominees. Qualifications for All Directors In its assessment of each potential director nominee, including those recommended by shareholders, the NCG Committee considers the potential nominee s demonstrated skills, expertise, character, judgment, relevant functional and industry experience, and whether they possess a high degree of business, financial, governmental, military and/or law enforcement, technological, cybersecurity, risk oversight, corporate governance or human capital management acumen, independence, and other factors the NCG Committee determines are pertinent in light of the current needs of the Board. The NCG Committee also takes into account the ability of a potential director nominee to devote the time and effort necessary to fulfill his or her responsibilities to the Board of Directors. The NCG Committee engages in regular succession planning for the Board and key leadership roles on the Board. As part of this succession planning process, the NCG Committee considers the experiential diversity and tenure of the current directors and the mix of backgrounds on the Board. While the NCG Committee does not have a formal diversity policy, the Board believes that the Company benefits from a well- rounded balance of varying qualifications, attributes, skills and experience in the composition of the Board. The NCG Committee engages in ongoing succession planning for the Board and key Board leadership roles. In doing so, the NCG Committee regularly reviews the Board s composition in light of the skills, experience and other attributes that will best position the Board to oversee the Company s strategy and governance needs over time. This review is informed by the Board s self-evaluation process, anticipated Board transitions, and the Committee s view of the qualifications and experience most valuable in future director nominees. While the NCG Committee does not have a formal diversity policy, the Board believes that the Company benefits from a well-rounded balance of varying qualifications, attributes, skills and experience in the composition of the Board. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 7 Table of Contents The NCG Committee s process for identifying and evaluating director nominees is ongoing and typically involves discussions among Committee members, review of information concerning potential candidates, interviews with selected candidates, and, from time to time, engagement of third-party firms to assist in identifying, screening or evaluating potential nominees. Majority Voting Standard and Resignation Policy Our Bylaws provide that we use a majority voting standard instead of a plurality voting standard in uncontested elections. Under this standard, an uncontested director must receive a majority of the votes properly cast for and against such nominee and, if they do not, they must tender their resignation for Board consideration. For contested elections where the number of director nominees exceeds the number of Board seats open for election, each person nominated to be elected as a director is elected by a plurality of the votes properly cast. If an incumbent director receives less than a majority of the votes cast with respect to such director s election in an uncontested election, such director will promptly tender his or her resignation to the NCG Committee. No later than 90 days following the receipt of any such tendered resignation, (i) the Board will, taking into account any recommendation by the NCG Committee, take formal action with respect thereto (which action may include accepting or rejecting such tendered resignation, or taking other action considered appropriate) and (ii) the Company will publicly disclose the Board s decision and, in the event that the Board of Directors does not accept any such tendered resignation, the rationale for such decision. The director who tenders his or her resignation will not participate in the recommendation of the NCG Committee or the decision of the Board with respect to his or her resignation. The NCG Committee, in making any recommendation, and the Board, in making any decision, may consider any factors or other information they consider appropriate or relevant. If the Board accepts a tendered resignation, then the Board may fill the resulting vacancy or may decrease the size of the Board. Shareholder Engagement The Board of Directors values ongoing dialogue with Axon s shareholders and maintains a regular engagement program to solicit feedback on key matters. Management, led by the Investor Relations team, engages regularly with investors and analysts on strategy, financial and operating performance, and responds to inbound inquiries. Axon also conducts targeted outreach on corporate governance topics, including executive compensation and governance practices, with appropriate members of management, and, at times, members of the Board. Feedback from these engagements is shared with the Board and helps inform its oversight of topics, such as executive compensation, strategic priorities, disclosures, and Board composition. Axon also engages with shareholders in advance of its annual meeting, as appropriate, to discuss matters subject to shareholder vote. These meetings strengthen Axon s relationships with our shareholders and reinforce our commitment to be responsive to their feedback. Seeking feedback on our 2024 say-on-pay vote, we launched an expanded shareholder outreach initiative last year. Our goal was to better understand shareholder concerns and gather input on desired changes to our executive compensation program. Throughout 2025, we continued engaging with shareholders on executive compensation, corporate governance, strategy, and Board composition. We solicited feedback from over 30 shareholders, representing greater than 40% of our outstanding shares. These engagements were led by our Head of Investor Relations and included a Board member from the Compensation Committee, as appropriate. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 8 Table of Contents 2025 Shareholder Engagement Outreach Efforts Number of shareholders contacted: Percent of Outstanding Shares Contacted: Percent of Outstanding Shares Engaged: 30 ~60% 40% Board Governance Enhancements as a Result of Shareholder Feedback Our Board strives to continually enhance our governance structures and adopt industry and market best practices. Engagement with our shareholders and feedback from those conversations help to inform the Board s decision-making in implementing policies, practices and governance structures in line with investor expectations and those that enable effective risk oversight at the Board level. Consistent with this approach, the Board has implemented the following policies and Bylaw amendments in recent years as a result of shareholder feedback: establishing a Human Rights Policy that extends to our employees, officers, directors, partners, vendors, and suppliers worldwide and is based on our goal of upholding the highest standards; refreshing our Board's tenure and term limits; enhancing our Political Contributions Policy and disclosures; and review of executive compensation structures, which are designed to retain and incentivize key talent for sustained long-term shareholder value creation Human Rights Policy The Board formalized our Human Rights Policy to align with international standards, including the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. The policy reinforces Axon s commitment to fair labor practices, non- discrimination and ethical supply chain standards, including the prohibition of forced labor, human trafficking and child labor. It also affirms the Company s support for equal employment opportunities, freedom of association, and a diverse and inclusive workplace. To strengthen compliance, Axon has established clear reporting mechanisms to address human rights concerns and ensure accountability across our operations and supply chain. This policy reflects Axon s dedication to responsible business conduct and our mission to protect life with integrity and respect for human dignity. Board Refreshment, Tenure, and Term Limits The Board values the views and contributions of directors who bring newer perspectives, as well as those who offer deep institutional knowledge of the Company s business, governance, and strategy, developed over time. As part of the Board s ongoing refreshment efforts, four new directors have been added to the Board since 2023. In addition, as part of the process to help facilitate a smooth transition of new directors that have been added since that time, and as previously announced in 8-K filings earlier this year, directors Julie Cullivan and Matthew McBrady will not stand for re-election and will serve until their terms expire at the 2026 annual meeting. Both Ms. Cullivan and Mr. McBrady have shown deep commitment, leadership, and contribution to the Board during their multi-year tenures. To further our commitment to ensuring meaningful Board refreshment, the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines implement a formal term limit (as defined below) for directors in order to ensure alignment of director qualifications, attributes, skills, and experience with the Company s evolving strategy. Each non-executive director of the Company must submit a letter of resignation to the Chair of the NCG Committee upon reaching 20 continuous years of service as a director of the Company or age 75 (the term limit ), whichever occurs first, and each year thereafter, which letter of resignation may be accepted or rejected by the Board in its sole discretion. Prior to August 2024, the term limit was the earlier of 20 continuous years of service as a director of the Company or age 72 (the prior term limit ). Pursuant to the prior term limit, on February 27, 2024, Mr. Garnreiter provided his letter of resignation to the Chair of the NCG Committee. After considering Mr. Garnreiter s leadership roles as Chair of the Board and Audit Committee Chair, particularly in light of the Company s recent transition in independent registered public accounting firms, the NCG Committee recommended to the Board that it decline Mr. Garnreiter s offer to resign to provide additional time to plan for his succession. On March 4, 2024, the Board determined to follow the NCG Committee s recommendation, declined Mr. Garnreiter s offer to resign, and appointed Mr. Graham Smith as Audit Committee Chair to provide for a smooth future transition. Pursuant to the revised term limit Mr. Garnreiter was not required to submit a letter of resignation in 2025. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 9 Table of Contents Political Contributions Disclosures and Policy Axon participates in the public policy process on issues relevant to its business, mission, and shareholders, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Board of Directors, through its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, oversees Axon s political spending activities. Axon has committed to provide annual updates regarding its political contributions and related policies and practices. Any political contributions made with corporate funds are subject to applicable law and require prior approval in accordance with Company policy and internal controls . Other Governance Features Our Board has previously adopted other policies, practices and governance structures that we believe are in line with investor expectations, aligned with industry and market best practices and enable effective risk oversight at the Board level. Director Commitments and Service on Other Boards The Board of Directors recognizes the time commitment that service on a board of directors requires, as well as other commitments applicable to the Company s directors. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines establish limits on the number of boards on which our directors may serve. A director who is not a named executive officer of a public company may serve on a total of four public company boards, including the Company s Board. A director who is also a named executive officer of a public company may serve on a total of two public company boards, including the Company s Board. Proxy Access Our Bylaws include a proxy access provision, which permits a shareholder, or a group of up to 20 shareholders, who own 3% or more of our voting stock continuously for at least three years, to nominate and include in our annual meeting proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of two directors or 20% of the Board, subject to certain conditions and provided that the shareholder(s) and director nominee(s) satisfy all eligibility, procedural and disclosure requirements specified in our Bylaws, including that each director nominee submitted through the proxy access provisions must meet the qualifications to be an independent director. Exclusive Forum Our Bylaws provide as an exclusive forum (i) the Delaware Court of Chancery for certain types of actions and claims (including derivative actions, actions asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty and actions against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law or our organizational documents) and (ii) the federal district courts of the United States for claims arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), in each case subject to certain limitations. Our Board believes this provision is in the best interest of Axon and its shareholders. First, designating a forum in which certain claims can be brought promotes the efficient resolution of such claims and reduces the likelihood of duplicative lawsuits being brought in multiple jurisdictions. Further, the ability of plaintiffs to litigate claims governed by Delaware law in courts other than the Delaware Court of Chancery may mean that claims are brought in courts that may not apply Delaware law in the same manner as the Delaware Court of Chancery. The Delaware Court of Chancery s considerable expertise has led to the development of a substantial and influential body of case law interpreting Delaware corporate law. We expect this will provide us and our shareholders with more consistency and predictability regarding the outcome of corporate disputes, which can minimize the time, cost and uncertainty of litigation for all parties. Similarly, the Board believes designating the federal district courts of the United States as the exclusive forum for claims brought under the Securities Act prevents forum shopping of state courts by plaintiffs and facilitates review of Securities Act claims by judges in federal courts that may have significant experience and expertise in adjudicating such claims. The exclusive forum provision in our Bylaws does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability, obligation or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) to the extent such application would be contrary to law. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 10 Table of Contents Our Highly Qualified Board of Directors The Board has identified particular qualifications, attributes, skills, expertise and experience that it believes are important to be represented on the Board as a whole in order to advise and contribute to the execution of the Company s strategic objectives. Each Board member was selected in accordance with the process for identifying and evaluating director nominees described above. Accordingly, the Board believes that each of the Company s Board members brings a myriad of qualifications, attributes, skills , expertise and experience that are a combined benefit to the Company and its shareholders. While recognizing that any group of people is more than the sum of its parts, that biography does not always define identity and that attempting to quantify diversity is an imperfect exercise in a world of unique individuals, we also acknowledge and celebrate that our Board intentionally reflects a wide range of human experiences and identities. Board Demographics Our Board represents a range of highly relevant skills and experiences, coupled with diverse educations and backgrounds, that enhance the Board s collective perspective and decision-making, while providing for effective oversight of the Company. The demographic information provided below is based on voluntary self-identification by each director nominee. 27% Racially Diverse 45% Women Board Skills Matrix Skills and Experience Ayers Brown Cullivan Garnreiter Kalinowski McBrady Morgenfeld Partovi G. Smith P. Smith Williams Total CEO/senior executive experience 11 Accounting/auditing experience 3 Governmental, regulatory and/or legal experience 2 Military and/or law enforcement experience 2 Technology expertise 7 Risk oversight and management 9 Public company board experience/corporate governance 6 Human capital management 1 Director since 2023 2020 2017 2006 2019 2016 2025 2010 2023 1993 2023 Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 11 Table of Contents Directors and Director Nominees in 2026 Erika Ayers Badan Director since 2023 Age: 50 Board Committee : Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Other Public Companies Boards: None Ms. Ayers Badan was Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of Food52 from April 2024 to February 2026 when it was sold to America s Test Kitchen. Ms. Ayers Badan was previously CEO of Barstool Sports from 2016 through January 2024, during which time it experienced tremendous brand and business growth as one of the fastest-growing digital innovation, sports, entertainment and lifestyle media brands on the Internet. Prior to joining Barstool Sports, Ms. Ayers Badan held various executive roles at media platforms such as Microsoft Corporation, AOL, Leaf Group (formerly Demand Media, Inc.) and Yahoo! Inc. She has extensive experience in transforming start-up organizations into multi-industry operations. She was also part of two early stage start-ups in the fashion and music industry and sits on the advisory board of both Vice Media Group and the Premier Lacrosse League. Ms. Ayers Badan previously served on the board of directors of World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. from October 2020 to September 2022. Ms. Ayers Badan holds a B.S. in Sociology from Colby College. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Technology Expertise Experience as an executive of media platform companies provides Ms. Ayers with valuable insight into communication expertise, Internet-related business development demands and brand building. Risk Oversight Management; Public Company Board Experience/Corporate Governance Experience as an advisor to multiple companies and as a board member of World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. from October 2020 to September 2022 provides insight into public company corporate governance matters. Adriane Brown Director since 2020 Age: 67 Board Committees: Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Chair), Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee Other Public Company Boards: American Airlines Group Inc., eBay Inc., KKR Co Inc. Ms. Brown has been a Managing Director at Flying Fish Partners, a technology focused venture capital firm, since 2020 and joined as a Venture Partner in 2018. Prior to that, Ms. Brown served as President and Chief Operating Officer for Intellectual Ventures ( IV ), an invention and investment company that commercializes inventions, from January 2010 through July 2017, and served as a Senior Advisor until December 2018. Before joining IV, Ms. Brown served as President and CEO of Honeywell Transportation Systems ( Honeywell ) from January 2005 to June 2009. Over the course of 10 years at Honeywell, she held leadership positions serving the aerospace and automotive markets globally. Prior to Honeywell, Ms. Brown spent 19 years at Corning, Inc., ultimately serving as Vice President and General Manager, Environmental Products Division, having started her career there as a shift supervisor. Ms. Brown serves on the boards of directors of American Airlines Group Inc., eBay Inc. and KKR Co Inc. Ms. Brown also serves on the board of directors of the International Women s Forum. Previously, she served on the boards of directors of Allergan plc and Raytheon Company until 2020, respectively, and Harman International Industries until 2017. Ms. Brown holds an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters and a B.A. in environmental health from Old Dominion University and is a winner of its Distinguished Alumni Award. She also holds a M.A. in Management from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where she was a Sloan Fellow. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 12 Table of Contents Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Technology Expertise Ms. Brown is a Managing Director and member of the Investment Committee at Flying Fish Partners. The fund invests in and supports start- ups utilizing artificial intelligence and machine learning to transform processes in a variety of market verticals. Over the course of her career, Ms. Brown has engaged in business and technology transformations across a number of businesses and markets. Risk Oversight Management; Public Company Board Experience/Corporate Governance Board experience from Allergan plc, American Airlines Group Inc., eBay Inc., KKR Co Inc., Harman International Industries and Raytheon Company provides extensive insight into public company corporate governance matters. Julie Cullivan (1) Director since 2017 Age: 60 Board Committees: Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Other Public Company Boards: HeartFlow, Inc. Ms. Cullivan has been a Special Advisor at Brighton Park Capital, an entrepreneur inspired growth equity firm since 2020. Prior to that, Ms. Cullivan was the Chief Technology and People Officer at Forescout Technologies, Inc. ( Forescout ), reporting to the CEO, where she was responsible for leading the company s business model transformation, information technology strategy, security risk and compliance program, customer production operations, and human resources. She joined in July 2017 and helped Forescout scale from a private company with $160 million in revenue, through its successful initial public offering, to a publicly traded company with revenues of $330 million and a $1.5 billion valuation. In addition to focusing on scale, Ms. Cullivan led Forescout s operational transformation from an appliance and license software business to a cloud subscription business. Forescout was acquired by Advent International, a private equity firm, in 2020 and Ms. Cullivan left in January 2021. Prior to Forescout, Ms. Cullivan was an Executive Vice President of Business Operations and Chief Information Officer at FireEye Inc. and a Senior Vice President at McAfee Corp. Additionally, Ms. Cullivan held executive roles at Autodesk, Inc., EMC Corporation and Oracle Corporation. Ms. Cullivan has served on the boards of directors of HeartFlow, Inc. (NASDAQ: HTFL) since 2020, OPSWAT since 2021 and Cobalt.io since 2022 and previously served on the boards of Astra Space Inc. (NASDAQ: ASTR), Judy Security, and SADA Systems. Ms. Cullivan holds a B.S. in Finance from Santa Clara University. (1) Ms. Cullivan is not standing for re-election to the Board upon expiration of her current term at the Annual Meeting. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Technology Expertise; Cybersecurity Experience; Human Capital Management Ms. Cullivan is a special advisor at Brighton Park Capital. The firm invests in technology, security, and healthcare sectors. Throughout her career, Ms. Cullivan has lead digital technology transformation strategies and cybersecurity compliance programs at multiple enterprise technology companies including three cybersecurity technology firms. In her prior role, Ms. Cullivan was Chief Technology and People Officer at Forescout where she led talent acquisition, total rewards strategy, and culture. Risk Oversight Management; Public Company Board Experience/Corporate Governance Experience as Chief Technology and People Officer at Forescout, and Executive Vice President of Business Operations and Chief Information Officer at FireEye Inc., leading cross functional initiatives and information security strategy in a high-growth environment, provides experience in risk management. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 13 Table of Contents Michael Garnreiter, Chair of the Board Director since 2006 Age: 74 Board Committees: Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Other Public Company Boards: Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc., Amtech Systems, Inc. Mr. Garnreiter most recently served as Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Shamrock Foods, a privately held manufacturer and distributor of foods and food-related products. He retired from this position in December 2015. From January 2010 until August 2012, Mr. Garnreiter was a managing director of Fenix Financial Forensics, a Phoenix-based litigation and financial consulting firm. From August 2006 through December 2009, Mr. Garnreiter served as managing member of Rising Sun Restaurant Group, LLC, a private restaurant operating company. From April 2002 through June 2006, Mr. Garnreiter was Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Main Street Restaurant Group. Mr. Garnreiter previously served with the international accounting firm, Arthur Andersen, from 1974 through March 2002 with increasing levels of responsibility, culminating as a partner. Additionally, Mr. Garnreiter has served on the board of Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc. since 2003 and has also served on the board of Amtech Systems, Inc. since 2007. Mr. Garnreiter holds a B.S. in Accounting from California State University at Long Beach and is a Certified Public Accountant. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Accounting/Auditing Experience As a Certified Public Accountant and former partner at Arthur Andersen, Mr. Garnreiter has served on the audit committee of each board of directors on which he has served in the past and has extensive knowledge of SEC rules and regulations. Risk Oversight Management; Public Company Board Experience/Corporate Governance Board experience from Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc. and Amtech Systems, Inc. provides extensive insight into public company corporate governance matters. Caitlin Kalinowski Director since 2019 Age: 45 Board Committees: Audit Committee and Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee (Chair) Other Public Company Boards: None Alongside her role as a Director at the Institute of Contemporary Art in San Francisco, Ms. Kalinowski is a past and present strategic advisor at numerous start-up companies. Ms. Kalinowski most recently served as a Member of Technical Staff at OpenAI where she focused on AI and robotics (from November 2024 to March 2026). Previously, she was the head of the AR Glasses Hardware team at Meta s Reality Labs division (from March 2022 to July 2024) and, before that, led the VR Hardware team, where she played a key role in the design and engineering of Oculus award-winning VR devices (from February 2013 to March 2022). Before working at Meta, Ms. Kalinowski was a Product Design Engineer at Apple (from October 2005 to January 2013) where she was a technical lead on the Mac Pro and MacBook Air products and was part of the original unibody MacBook Pro team. Ms. Kalinowski is also on the strategic board of Lesbians Who Tech Allies, the largest LGBTQ technical organization in the world. She also advises startups working with physical products, drawing on over 20 years of experience in high-tech hardware development. Ms. Kalinowski holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Stanford University. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 14 Table of Contents Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Technology Expertise Ms. Kalinowski has extensive experience in established technology organizations such as OpenAI, Meta and Apple. Ms. Kalinowski led technical teams at Apple and Meta and was a Member of Technical Staff at OpenAI focusing on AI and robotics. She has tremendous insight into product design and engineering for technology focused initiatives. Risk Oversight Management Background as an advisor to multiple start-up companies provides Ms. Kalinowski experience in the unique challenges facing companies pursuing new ventures. Matthew McBrady, Ph.D. (1) Director since 2016 Age: 55 Board Committees: Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee, Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee (Chair) Other Public Company Boards: None Dr. McBrady was appointed Chief Financial Officer of GoBrands, Inc., the parent firm of the leading global quick commerce company, Gopuff, in November 2025. Previously, he was a Professor of Practice in Finance at the Darden Graduate School of Business Administration at the University of Virginia (the Darden School ), where he taught classes in Corporate Financial Strategy, Corporate Financing, and Impact and ESG Investing since August 2020. Prior to returning to academia, Dr. McBrady spent more than a decade as a private equity and hedge fund investor, serving as Senior Advisor and co-Chief Investment Officer of Callaway Capital (from January 2017 to December 2019), Managing Director of Investments at the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation (from September 2017 to January 2019) and Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer of the Multi-Strategy Hedge Funds at BlackRock, Inc. (from January 2014 through September 2016). Prior to joining BlackRock, Dr. McBrady served as Managing Director and Head of Investment Strategy and Risk Management at Silver Creek Capital Management, LLC (from January 2009 through January 2014), and as a Senior Associate and Vice President in the North American Private Equity group at Bain Capital, LLC (from January 2007 to January 2009). Prior to becoming a professional investor, Dr. McBrady served as both a senior economic policy advisor and finance professor. During his earlier career in academia, Dr. McBrady also served as a Professor of Finance at the Darden School (from May 2003 through December 2006) as well as the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania (from September 2002 through May 2003). From August 1998 through January 2000, Dr. McBrady served as an international economist with President Clinton s Council of Economic Advisers and the U.S. Treasury Department. In addition to his work in the private sector and academia, Dr. McBrady currently serves as an advisor to a number of impact investing funds and as a Director and the Chairman of the Investment Committee for Global Partnerships, a non-profit impact investor that has deployed more than $800 million in concessionary loans to improve the lives of people living at the bottom of the pyramid in Central and South America and Africa. Dr. McBrady holds a B.A. in Economics from Harvard University, a M.Sc. in International Economics from Oxford University (U.K.) where he was a Marshall Scholar, and a Ph.D. in Business Economics from Harvard University. Dr. McBrady previously served as a director for the Company from January 2001 through June 2014. (1) Dr. McBrady is not standing for re-election to the Board upon expiration of his current term at the Annual Meeting. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Governmental Experience Service as a member of President Clinton s Council of Economic Advisors provides deep insight into government processes. Risk Oversight Management Teaching positions at the Harvard Business School, the Wharton School of Business and the Darden Graduate School of Business Administration provide valuable financial knowledge and context. Service as Chief Investment Officer for BlackRock and investment strategy and management positions for other investment management firms provide experience in risk management. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 15 Table of Contents Todd Morgenfeld Director since 2025 Age: 54 Board Committees: Audit Committee, Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee Other Public Company Boards: AppLovin Corporation, Urban Outfitters, Inc. Mr. Morgenfeld has served as a member of the boards of directors of AppLovin Corporation, a marketing platform for mobile app developers, since 2023, and Urban Outfitters, Inc., a lifestyle retail company, since 2019. He previously served as Chief Financial Officer and then as Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Operations (CFO/COO) at Pinterest, Inc., a visual discovery engine and social media platform, from 2016 to 2023. Prior to Pinterest, he was Vice President of Finance at Twitter, Inc. (2015 2016) and Treasurer and Senior Vice President of Financial Analytics and Corporate Development at Hewlett-Packard Company, a global technology products and services provider (2013 2015). Earlier, he was an investment partner at Silver Lake Partners, a global private equity firm focused on technology (2004 2013), an Associate at Goldman Sachs Co. (2001 2004), and served as a Captain in the U.S. Army s Armor branch (1994 1999). Mr. Morgenfeld holds a B.S. from the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he graduated first in his class, and earned an M.B.A. from Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Accounting/Auditing Experience Experience as Chief Financial Officer of Pinterest, Inc. and in senior finance leadership roles across global technology businesses provides Mr. Morgenfeld with deep insight into financial management, capital allocation and public company financial reporting. Military Experience Service as a Captain in the United States Army provides valuable leadership experience and insight into strategic planning and operational execution. Risk Oversight Management; Public Company Board Experience/ Corporate Governance Board experience at AppLovin Corporation and Urban Outfitters, Inc. provides extensive insight into public company corporate governance matters. Hadi Partovi Director since 2010 Age: 53 Board Committees: Compensation Committee (Chair), Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee Other Public Company Boards: MNTN, Inc. Mr. Partovi is the Chairman and co-founder of the non-profit education organization Code.org and has served as a director on the board of MNTN, Inc., since 2023. Mr. Partovi is a past or present strategic advisor or early investor at numerous technology companies, including Facebook, Dropbox, Uber, Airbnb, SpaceX and Zappos. From 2009 through 2010, Mr. Partovi was Senior Vice President of Technology for MySpace (via acquisition) and, from 2006 through 2009, he was President and co-founder of iLike, Inc., which was acquired by MySpace in 2009. From 2002 through 2005, Mr. Partovi was General Manager, Microsoft MSN Entertainment and MSN.com and, from 1999 through 2001, he was Co-Founder and Vice President of Product and Professional Services for Tellme Networks, Inc. From 1994 through 1999, he was Program Manager for Microsoft Internet Explorer. Mr. Partovi holds a B.A. and a M.S. in Computer Science, summa cum laude , from Harvard University. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Technology Expertise Experience as an executive, entrepreneur, investor and advisor across a variety of successful technology companies provides Mr. Partovi with invaluable insight into software and Internet-related business development initiatives. Risk Oversight Management Background as an advisor to multiple start-up companies provides Mr. Partovi experience in the unique challenges facing companies pursuing new technology. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 16 Table of Contents Graham Smith Director since 2023 Age: 66 Board Committees: Audit Committee (Chair), Compensation Committee, Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee Other Public Company Boards: Procore Technologies, Inc., GoDaddy, Inc. Mr. Smith has served on the board of directors of Procore Technologies, Inc., a provider of cloud-based construction management software, since 2020 and on the board of directors of GoDaddy, Inc., a provider of digital domains and business management software for small business, since 2024. Mr. Smith previously served as chair of the board of directors of Splunk Inc. from March 2019 through March 2024, and as a member of its board of directors from 2011 through 2024. He also served as the interim CEO of Splunk Inc. from November 2021 to April 2022. Mr. Smith served in various leadership positions at salesforce.com, inc. ( Salesforce ), a provider of enterprise cloud computing software, from 2007 to 2015, including as Chief Financial Officer and most recently as Executive Vice President. Prior to joining Salesforce, Mr. Smith served as Chief Financial Officer at Advent Software Inc., a portfolio accounting software company, from 2003 to 2007. Mr. Smith previously served on the board of directors of BlackLine, Inc., a provider of cloud-based solutions for finance and accounting, from 2015 to 2022; Citrix Systems, Inc., an enterprise software company, from 2015 to 2018; MINDBODY, Inc., a cloud-based wellness services marketplace (acquired by Vista Equity Partners), from 2015 to 2019; Xero Limited, an online accounting software company, from 2015 to 2020; Slack Technologies, Inc., a provider of cloud-based professional collaboration tools (acquired by salesforce.com), from 2018 to 2021; and Elliott Opportunity II Corp., a special purchase acquisition company, from June to December 2021. Mr. Smith holds a B.Sc. from Bristol University in England and qualified as a chartered accountant in England and Wales. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Accounting/Auditing Experience As an international chartered accountant, Mr. Smith has served as Chief Financial Officer of multiple publicly traded companies. Technology Expertise Experience as an executive of multiple technology companies, including leadership positions at Salesforce, provides expertise in technology company operations. Risk Oversight Management; Public Company Board Experience/Corporate Governance Board experience for Splunk Inc. and Procore Technologies, Inc., as well as BlackLine, Inc., Citrix Systems, Inc., MINDBODY, Inc., Slack Technologies, Inc. and Xero Limited, provides extensive insights into public company corporate governance matters. Patrick Smith, CEO Director since 1993 Age: 55 Board Committees : None Other Public Company Boards: None Mr. Smith has served as CEO and as a director of the Company since 1993. He is also co-founder of the Company. After graduating from Harvard University, cum laude , in just three years (class of 1991), Mr. Smith entered directly into the M.B.A. program at the University of Chicago. In two years, he completed both a master s degree in international finance from the University of Leuven in Leuven, Belgium and an M.B.A. with honors at the University of Chicago, graduating in the top 5% of his class. After completing graduate school in the summer of 1993, he co-founded Axon Enterprise, Inc. (F.K.A. TASER International, Inc.) in September 1993 with his brother, Thomas P. Smith. Among other qualifications, Mr. Smith is the visionary of the Company and brings to the Board extensive executive leadership experience in the technology industry, including the management of worldwide operations, sales, service and support as well as technology innovation as he currently holds 53 U.S. patents. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 17 Table of Contents Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Technology Expertise Mr. Smith is highly skilled in technology innovation and is the holder of 53 U.S. patents. Risk Oversight Management Management and board experience as the CEO and co-founder of the Company provides extensive executive leadership expertise in navigating the range of risks faced by the Company over the past 30+ years. Jeri Williams Director since 2023 Age: 60 Board Committees: Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Other Public Company Boards: None Ms. Williams served as Chief of Police for the Phoenix Police Department, the first female to lead the city s force, from 2016 to 2022. During her tenure with the department, she advanced a number of progressive strategies, including key areas such as community engagement and professional standards. Previously, she served nearly six years as the first female Chief of Police in the City of Oxnard, California. Ms. Williams has received extensive accolades for her dedication to law enforcement, including being named one of Arizona s Most Intriguing Women by the Arizona Centennial Legacy Project and recognized as California s Assembly District 44 Woman of the Year for her leadership and outstanding accomplishments. In 2016, President Obama appointed Ms. Williams to a membership position on the Medal of Valor Review Board. She has also served as the first female President of the Major Cities Chiefs Association. Since 2023, Ms.Williams has acted as Principal for Impresa Strategy, a business consulting and advisory services firm. Ms. Williams holds a B.A. in Fine Arts from Arizona State University and a M.A. in Education from Northern Arizona University. Specific Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience: Governmental Experience Service as the President of the Major Cities Chiefs Association provides valuable insight into community engagement and enhances relationships with various governmental agencies and law enforcement leaders. Law Enforcement Experience Service as Chief of Police for the Phoenix Police Department and City of Oxnard, California provides deep insight into the operational demands of our law enforcement customers. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 18 Table of Contents BOARD AND COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE Board Leadership Structure Michael Garnreiter, Chair of the Board Patrick Smith, CEO The Company s governance documents provide the Board with flexibility to select the appropriate leadership structure for the Company. In making leadership structure determinations, the Board considers many factors, including the specific needs of the business and what is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The current leadership structure is anchored by an independent director as Chair of the Board. If at any time the Chair of the Board is not independent, the Board will elect a Lead Independent Director by a majority vote of the independent directors. The Lead Independent Director will have the responsibilities described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board believes this structure provides a well-functioning and effective balance between strong Company leadership and appropriate safeguards and oversight by independent directors. The principal role of the Chair of the Board is to manage and to provide leadership to the Board of Directors of the Company. The Chair is accountable to the Board and acts as a direct liaison between the Board and the management of the Company, through the CEO. The Chair acts as the communicator of Board decisions where appropriate. The separation of the role of the Chair from that of the CEO is based on the Board s view that the Chair should be free from any interest and any business or other relationship that could interfere with the Chair s judgment, other than interests resulting from Company shareholdings and remuneration. The NCG Committee oversees an annual evaluation of the performance and effectiveness of the Board and its standing committees. The process is facilitated by independent outside counsel and includes confidential director feedback on matters such as Board and committee composition, functioning, information flow, oversight, and overall effectiveness. The findings are reviewed by the NCG Committee and the Board and are used to inform Board succession planning, committee assignments, refreshment, and the identification of skills and experience priorities for director recruitment. Axon s key governance documents, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, are available at https:// investor.axon.com/Governance-Documents. Meetings of the Board of Directors During the year ended December 31, 2025 , the Board held five meetings. No member of the Board attended fewer than 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board (held during the period for which he or she was a director) and the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which such director served (held during the period that such director served). Directors are encouraged by the Company to attend each annual meeting of shareholders if their schedules permit. All directors serving on the board as of the 2025 Annual Meeting attended the meeting. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 19 Table of Contents Committees of the Board of Directors The Board currently has five standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee, and the Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee. The following table summarizes the current membership of our standing non- management Board committees, and identifies the chair of each committee and the number of committee meetings held in fiscal 2025 : Audit Committee Compensation Committee Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee # Meetings 8 3 10 4 10 Director Erika Ayers Badan X X Adriane Brown X * X Julie Cullivan (1) X X Michael Garnreiter (2) X X X Caitlin Kalinowski X * Matthew McBrady (3) X * Todd Morgenfeld X X Hadi Partovi * X Graham Smith (4) * X X Jeri Williams X X X = Member * = Chair (1) Julie Cullivan is not standing for re-election to the Board upon expiration of her current term at the Annual Meeting. Ms. Cullivan served as Chair of the Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee through August 28, 2025 upon approval by the Board of Directors. (2) Michael Garnreiter serves as Chair of the Board. (3) Matthew McBrady is not standing for re-election to the Board upon expiration of his current term at the Annual Meeting. (4) There is no family relationship between Graham Smith and our CEO, Patrick Smith. Audit Committee The Audit Committee, established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities regarding (i) the Company s process for financial reporting and the integrity of the Company s financial statements; (ii) the Company s internal control system; (iii) the performance of the Company s internal audit function; (iv) the independent accountants independence, qualifications and performance; (v) the Company s risk assessment and management policies for major financial risks; and (vi) the Company s Code of Business Conduct Ethics ( Code of Ethics ) and process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations. In furtherance of its purpose, the Audit Committee has the following specific responsibilities: Discusses with management the Company s major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; Discusses with management the Company s liquidity, cash management and treasury functions, and provides oversight of the Company s Corporate Investment Policy; Reviews and considers for ratification or approval all related party transactions and/or other transactions implicating a potential conflict of interest between the Company and any of its directors, executive officers, 5% shareholders or other related parties if such transactions are in excess of $120,000; Periodically reviews the Company s program for monitoring compliance with the Code of Ethics and receives and reviews updates from management regarding the implementation of the Code of Ethics, including the annual ethics certification and training processes of covered persons; Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 20 Table of Contents Establishes procedures for (i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding internal accounting controls or accounting or auditing matters and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Company of concerns regarding internal accounting controls, questionable accounting or auditing matters; Periodically obtains any required reports and assurances from the independent accountants, the internal auditor and management with respect to the effectiveness of the Company s system for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations; and Receives and reviews reports from management with respect to any significant legal, compliance or regulatory matters that may have a material impact on the Company s business, financial statements or compliance policies, including material notices to or inquiries received from governmental agencies. With respect to any such matters that involve cybersecurity, data privacy or information technology, the Committee coordinates and consults with the Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee as appropriate. The Audit Committee exercises sole authority with respect to the selection of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the terms of its engagement. The Audit Committee reviews with the independent registered public accounting firm, upon the completion of its audit of the Company s financial statements, the results of the auditing engagement; reviews with the independent registered public accounting firm, upon the completion of its quarterly review of the Company s financial statements, the results of the quarterly review; and at least annually meets with the independent registered public accounting firm to review any recommendations they may have with respect to the Company s financial, accounting or auditing systems. The Report of the Audit Committee for the year ended December 31, 2025 is included in this proxy statement. See Audit Matters Report of the Audit Committee for more information regarding the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s primary responsibilities are set forth in its charter, which is subject to annual review and revision. The full text of the Audit Committee charter is available on our website at https://investor.axon.com/Governance- Documents. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee assists the Board in discharging its responsibilities regarding the compensation of the officers of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act (collectively, Section 16 Officers ) and members of the Board. The Compensation Committee is responsible for (i) overseeing the Company s compensation plans, policies and programs to appropriately retain individuals and incentivize performance in alignment with shareholder value creation, (ii) assessing the appropriateness of their compensation in light of business, competitive and regulatory considerations and (iii) evaluating the performance of the Section 16 Officers. In addition, the Compensation Committee oversees compensation plans, policies and programs applicable to the Company s directors, Section 16 Officers and other employees, including equity-based plans such as the design of the Axon Enterprise, Inc. Amended and Restated 2022 Stock Incentive Plan, the Axon Enterprise, Inc. eXponential Stock Plan and the CEO Performance Award (as defined below). The Compensation Committee also oversees, in consultation with the NCG Committee, the Company s policies, practices and initiatives relating to human capital management, including workforce diversity, workplace culture, talent development, retention and recruitment and employee engagement. The Compensation Committee Report for the year ended December 31, 2025 is included in this proxy statement. See Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation Committee Report for more information regarding the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee s primary responsibilities are set forth in its charter, which is subject to annual review and revision. The full text of the Compensation Committee charter is available on our website at https://investor.axon.com/ Governance-Documents. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 21 Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in overseeing (i) the process by which individuals are nominated to become Board members; (ii) matters of corporate governance, including advising the Board on matters of (A) Board organization, membership and function, such as Board evaluations, new Board member on-boarding and Board continuing education programs and (B) committee structure and membership; (iii) oversight of the Company's policy on political spending and related disclosures; and (iv) succession planning for Board members and executive officers of the Company. In addition, in collaboration with other committees of the Board and the Company s management as appropriate, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identifies and monitors emerging corporate governance issues and trends that could be reasonably expected to have a substantial impact on the Company, including any material environmental or sustainability-related issues and the Company s strategy with respect to social matters of significance to the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also periodically reviews the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and other corporate governance policies and recommends to the Board any changes that the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, to be necessary or appropriate. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines reflect our commitment to corporate governance best practices. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s primary responsibilities are set forth in its charter, which is subject to annual review and revision. The full text of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter is available on our website at https://investor.axon.com/Governance-Documents. Other Standing Committees The Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee The Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee assists the Board in overseeing our overall approach to enterprise risk management and regularly reviews the categories of risk the Company faces. The Committee is also responsible for overseeing the design, implementation and management of an effective information security program, including reviewing and overseeing the Company s policies and procedures relating to cybersecurity and data protection risks associated with the Company s products, services, information technology infrastructure and related operations. In addition, the Committee oversees the Company s artificial intelligence governance framework, which includes policies, processes, and technical controls designed to ensure that artificial intelligence technologies are used responsibly, ethically, safely, and legally. The Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee The Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee serves to focus on issues related to any proposed merger, acquisition or other strategic investment activity or plans identified by the Company s management. It also provides guidance and oversight on the Company s financing decisions. Director Independence As of the date of this proxy statement, based upon the information submitted by each of its directors, the Board has made a determination that a majority of our current Board is independent as that term is defined by the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market (the NASDAQ Listing Standards ) and that all of the members of our Board committees also meet any additional specific independence standards applicable to any committee on which such director serves, including the more stringent audit committee and compensation committee independence criteria. In addition, each of the members of our Compensation Committee is also a non-employee director (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act). For 2025 , the Company determined that all Board members, other than Patrick Smith and Matthew McBrady, were independent under the applicable NASDAQ Listing Standards and SEC rules. Mr. P. Smith and Mr. McBrady are not independent. Mr. P. Smith is not considered independent as he is the founder and CEO of the Company. Out of an abundance of caution, the Board determined that Mr. McBrady is not independent given his long-standing social relationship with Mr. P. Smith. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 22 Table of Contents Audit Committee Financial Experts The Board of Directors determined that Michael Garnreiter, Graham Smith and Todd Morgenfeld, each an independent director of the Company, is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of that term under applicable SEC rules. See Governance The Board of Directors for information about the past business and educational experience of each of Mr. Garnreiter, Mr. G. Smith, and Mr. Morgenfeld. The Board has determined that each of the members of our Audit Committee is financially literate and that each of Mr. Garnreiter, Mr. G. Smith and Mr. Morgenfeld satisfies the financial sophistication requirements under the NASDAQ Listing Standards. Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight The Company s risk management process is intended to ensure that risks are taken knowingly and purposefully. The Board has allocated and delegated primary responsibility for risk oversight responsibility to its committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the NCG Committee, the Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee and the Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee. The Audit Committee meets at least once a quarter and is responsible for oversight of the Company s major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. The Company maintains an internal audit function that reports directly to the Audit Committee Chair and reports to the Audit Committee quarterly on the status and health of internal controls. The Chief Legal Officer reports to the Audit Committee quarterly on potential ethics complaints as well as the status of the Company s pending litigation and any potential related party transactions. The Audit Committee in turn reports to the full Board on the status of financial risks and internal controls at least once a quarter. The Compensation Committee meets as needed and is responsible for oversight of the Company s risks relating to its compensation plans, policies and programs, as well as human capital management, including workforce diversity, workplace culture, talent development, retention and recruitment and employee engagement. The Compensation Committee reports regularly to the full Board regarding its activities. The NCG Committee meets as needed and is responsible for oversight of risks relating to the Company s corporate governance practices and emerging corporate governance issues and trends that could be reasonably expected to have a substantial impact on the Company, including any material environmental or sustainability-related issues and the Company s strategy with respect to social matters of significance to the Company. The NCG Committee reports regularly to the full Board regarding its activities. The Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee typically meets at least quarterly and is responsible for oversight of the Company s information security, compliance and enterprise risks excepting the financial risks overseen by the Audit Committee. Specifically, the Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee provides oversight of the Company s cybersecurity and systems integrity practices, data protection, and risks and governance related to artificial intelligence. In addition, the Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee provides oversight of the Company s compliance practices (including import compliance, export compliance, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco Firearms compliance, anti-bribery and corruption compliance, modern slavery and anti-human trafficking compliance, labor and employment compliance, workplace safety, data privacy, lobbying compliance and antitrust compliance). Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee meetings are informed by management who maintain a risk dashboard to monitor company-wide risks and prioritize them based on potential likelihood and potential severity of impact to the Company. Risk mitigation strategies are tracked and reported on by management to the Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee at least once a quarter. Likewise, the Enterprise Risk and Compliance Committee reports to the full Board on the highest priority risks and mitigation strategies at least once a quarter. The Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee typically meets at least quarterly and is responsible for oversight of risks relating to the Company s merger, acquisition or other strategic investment activity or plans identified by the Company s management. It also provides guidance and oversight on the Company s financing decisions. The Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure Committee reports regularly to the full Board regarding its activities. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 23 Table of Contents Corporate Compliance and Governance Principles Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Corporate Governance Guidelines address a broad set of issues integral to sound governance: + Board structure and composition + Risk oversight + Director independence + Management performance and compensation + Evaluation of board leadership + Conflicts of interest + Majority voting for directors + Director retirement policy + Board and executive succession planning + Director orientation and continuing education + Director responsibilities Our Board reviews our Corporate Governance Guidelines periodically, updating them from time to time as regulatory requirements change and governance practices evolve. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing our Corporate Governance Guidelines and for reporting and making recommendations to our Board concerning corporate governance matters. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are available at https:// investor.axon.com/Governance-Documents. Succession Planning The NCG Committee oversees succession planning for the Board and for the executive officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, both in the ordinary course and in anticipation of a potential unexpected departure. With respect to Board succession, the NCG Committee regularly reviews the Board s composition against a candidate criteria document that it updates based on the results of the Board s annual self-evaluation, the Company s evolving strategic needs, and the tenure and expected succession horizon of current directors. The Committee retains a third-party executive search firm from time to time to source and screen candidates, and oversees a multi-step vetting and interview process before recommending nominees to the full Board for appointment. The Committee also plans for succession of the Chair of the Board and each committee chair, taking into account tenure, relevant skill sets, and the governance needs of the Board. With respect to executive succession, the Board considers leadership depth and continuity to be a governance priority. On an annual basis, senior management presents the full Board with a succession review covering the Chief Executive Officer and other key executive roles, identifying internal candidates at various stages of readiness and noting any gaps that may warrant development or external recruitment. Directors also interact with senior management throughout the year at formal Board and committee meetings and in less formal settings which supports the Board s direct assessment of management depth and the strength of the Company s leadership pipeline. Code of Ethics We are proud of the values with which we conduct our business. All employees, officers, contractors and directors of Axon are required to abide by our Code of Ethics to help ensure that we consistently uphold the highest levels of business ethics and personal integrity in all transactions and interactions, both internally and in dealings with our customers, vendor and suppliers. We have also adopted a separate code of ethics for senior financial officers (the Senior Financial Officer Code of Ethics ) that is applicable to the CEO, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President of Financial Reporting and Strategic Investments, and others performing similar functions. Our Audit Committee assists our Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility as to our compliance with the goals and objectives in our Code of Conduct by reviewing and taking action regarding compliance processes, standards and controls and reviewing results of relevant audits and investigations. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 24 Table of Contents Our Code of Ethics covers a broad range of topics, including: + Expectations to conduct all Company business in accordance with applicable laws, rules, and regulatory requirement; + Adherence to fair competition, anti-corruption, and data protection laws; + Prohibition of financial or other interests that might conflict with the best interests of the Company; + Strict restrictions on insider trading, including trading limitations that apply to all directors, officers and employees during designated periods; + Expectation to engage in honest, fair, and transparent dealings with customers, suppliers, competitors, and colleagues; + Commitment to equal employment opportunities and non-discrimination in hiring, promotions and workplace practices; and + Prohibition of all forms of harassment, including sexual harassment, workplace bullying, and other inappropriate behavior. Our Senior Financial Officer Code of Ethics covers a broad range of topics, including: + Requirements to bring any material information that may affect disclosure in public filings as well as any deficiencies in internal controls to the attention of the general counsel or CEO; + Prohibitions on actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and business relationships; and + Expectations to act with honesty and integrity. A copy of the Company s Code of Ethics and Senior Financial Officer Code of Ethics are published and available on our website at https://investor.axon.com/Governance-Documents. The Company intends to disclose any future amendments or waivers to the Code of Ethics and the Senior Financial Officer Code of Ethics that are required to be disclosed on the Company s website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. Shareholder Communications with Directors Shareholders may communicate with members of the Board by mail addressed to the Chair, or any other individual member of the Board, to the full Board, or to a particular committee of the Board. In each case, such correspondence should be sent to the Company s headquarters at 17800 North 85th Street, Scottsdale, AZ 85255. In general, any shareholder communication about bona fide issues concerning the Company delivered to the Corporate Secretary for forwarding to the Board or specified members will be forwarded in accordance with the shareholder s instructions. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 25 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Members of the Board who are employees of the Company are not separately compensated for serving on the Board. Board compensation is reviewed periodically by the Company s Compensation Committee. Non-employee directors of the Company are paid $10,000 in cash per quarter and are eligible to receive annual grants of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) with a grant date fair value equal to approximately $260,000 vesting on the one-year anniversary of the grant. New Board members are eligible to receive an initial grant of RSUs with a grant date fair value equal to approximately $260,000 in their first year of service vesting in equal annual installments over three years . The Chair of the Board receives an additional (i) $5,000 in cash per quarter and (ii) an annual grant of RSUs with a grant date fair value equal to approximately $20,000 vesting on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. Board members who provide any special Board advisory consultations in their official capacity as Board members (other than Board and committee meetings) are compensated at the rate of $2,500 per day or $1,250 per half day, with no pay for travel days. All directors are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with their attendance at meetings. In addition, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 , Board members serving on committees in either the chair or member capacity received fees as summarized in the following table : Committee Annual Chair Fee Annual Member Fee Audit $ 25,000 $ 10,000 Compensation (1) 25,000 7,500 Nominating and Corporate Governance 10,000 5,000 Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Structure 10,000 6,000 Enterprise Risk and Compliance 10,000 6,000 (1) The annual Chair fee for the Compensation Committee increased effective July 1, 2025 from $15,000 to $25,000 following the Compensation Committee s review in 2024. Refer to the prior year proxy statement for more information. The annual RSU awards are typically granted on the date of the Company s annual meeting of shareholders. Directors have the option of deferring all or a portion of their cash compensation into the TASER International, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, the Company s non-qualified deferred compensation plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan ). In 2024, the Compensation Committee engaged Semler Brossy Consulting Group, LLC ( Semler Brossy ) as its independent compensation consultant. Semler Brossy provided research, data analysis, and benchmarking services to assist the Committee in evaluating and adjusting director compensation. The director compensation data utilized was consistent with the peer group identified by Semler Brossy during their 2023 executive compensation review. The Compensation Committee s philosophy is to generally set director compensation at approximately the 50th percentile of the peer group, with adjustments reviewed and implemented every three years. Based on the review performed in 2024, adjustments to director compensation were made which became effective in 2025 as described above. Axon Enterprise, Inc. | 2026 Proxy Statement | 26 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the compensation paid to non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 . Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) (2) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Current Directors Erika Ayers Badan $ 46,875 $ 325,709 $ $ 372,584 Adriane Brown 63,500 325,709 389,209 Julie Cullivan (3) 61,500 325,709 387,209 Michael Garnreiter 82,500 351,269 433,769 Caitlin Kalinowski 57,000 325,709 382,709 Matthew McBrady 58,500 325,709 384,209 Todd Morgenfeld 19,231 262,718 281,949 Hadi Partovi 66,000 325,709 391,709 Graham Smith 78,500 325,709 404,209 Jeri Williams 54,750 325,709 380,459 (1) Amounts in this column 