=== AXON_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Factor Summary The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risks we face, which are set forth more fully below. Strategic Risks • We substantially depend on continued acceptance of our products and services by law enforcement agencies worldwide, and any reduction in demand could materially adversely affect our business. • We substantially depend on sales of our CEDs, and if these products do not continue to be widely accepted, our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition will be diminished. • If we are unable to design, introduce, sell and deploy new products or new product features successfully, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. • We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. • Negative publicity could adversely impact sales, which could cause our revenues or operating results to decline. • Acquisitions of, or investments in, other products, technologies or businesses could disrupt our business, dilute shareholder value, or adversely affect our operating results. • We may not successfully manage our growth or plan for future growth. Operational Risks • Unavailability of materials or higher costs could adversely affect our financial results. • Material adverse developments in domestic and global economic conditions, or the occurrence of other sufficiently disruptive world events, could materially adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. • Delays in product development schedules could adversely affect our revenues and cash flows. • We expend significant resources in anticipation of a sale due to our lengthy sales cycle and may receive no revenue in return. • If our security measures or those of our third party providers, including cloud storage providers, are breached, resulting in unauthorized access to our or our customers’ data, it could undermine confidence in our network, data centers, and services leading to reduced customer use of our products and services and significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. • Catastrophic events could materially adversely affect our business prospects, operating results and financial condition. • Uncertainty in the development, deployment, and use of AI in our products and services, as well as our business more broadly, could adversely affect our business and reputation. • Defects or disruptions in our services could impact demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability. • Defects in our products could reduce demand for our products or result in product recalls and result in a loss of sales, delay in market acceptance and damage to our reputation. • Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business prospects, operating results and financial condition. • We depend on our ability to attract and retain our key management, sales and technical personnel. • Failure to comply with federal, state, or local regulations applicable to our firearm product, the TASER 10 CED, could result in governmental actions or litigation, potentially harming our business prospects, operating results and financial condition. • Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting may adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and operating results in a timely and accurate manner, which may cause investor confidence to diminish and the value of our common stock to decline. • Our revision and our restatement of previously issued consolidated financial statements may adversely affect investor confidence and could result in regulatory actions and stockholder litigation. Financial Risks • An increasing percentage of our revenue is derived from subscription billing arrangements that may result in delayed cash collections and may increase customer credit risk on receivables and contract assets. 13 Table o f Contents • Our gross margin depends on a number of factors, including our product mix, cost structure and acquisitions we may make, any of which could cause our gross margin to fluctuate. • Revenue for our SaaS products is recognized over multi-year contract terms, which may delay the reflection of new business in our operating results. • Most of our end-user customers are subject to budgetary and political constraints, which may delay or prevent sales, result in cancellations, or lead to the non-renewal of contracts. • The open bidding process introduces uncertainty in securing future contract awards. • We hold the majority of our cash balances, some of which are not insured, at three depository institutions. • Stock transactions may have a material, unpredictable impact on our operating results and may result in dilution to existing shareholders. • Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencies. • Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. • Our revenue and operating results may fluctuate unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter, which could impact our stock price. • Our profitability could suffer from declines in fair value or impairment of our investments, including our strategic investments, and could fluctuate if the fair values of our investments increase. Legal and Compliance Risks • We may face personal injury, wrongful death, product liability and other liability claims that could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business prospects, operating results and financial condition. • Other litigation, government inquiries and regulatory actions may result in significant costs and judgments and divert management attention from our business. • We have in the past and may in the future be subject to intellectual property infringement and other claims, which could incur substantial litigation costs, result in significant damages awards, inhibit our use of certain technologies and divert management attention from our business. • If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and products may decrease and we may lose our competitive market advantage. • We may be unable to enforce patent rights internationally, which may limit our ability to prevent our product features from being used by competitors in some foreign jurisdictions. • The use of open-source software in our products, services and technologies may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property rights. • A variety of new and existing laws and/or interpretations could materially and adversely affect our business. • Uncertainties with complex U.S. federal, state and local and foreign procurement laws and regulations could cause us to incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flow. • We are subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations that could expose us to numerous risks. • Our amended and restated bylaws include exclusive forum provisions that could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit the ability of our shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by shareholders as more favorable for disputes. Risks Related to our Indebtedness • Fulfilling our debt obligations requires significant cash resources, which may exceed our available cash flow. • The 2027 Note Hedge and Warrant transactions may impact the value of our common stock. • We are exposed to counterparty risk with respect to the 2027 Note Hedge transactions. • Our indebtedness contains restrictive covenants that could limit our operational flexibility and adversely affect the value of our common stock. 14 Table o f Contents Our past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate our results or trends in future periods because of the following factors and other variables affecting our operating results. You should carefully consider the trends, risks and uncertainties described below and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the SEC before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following trends, risks or uncertainties actually occurs or continues, our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, the trading prices of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Strategic Risks We substantially depend on continued acceptance of our products and services by law enforcement agencies worldwide, and any reduction in demand could materially adversely affect our business . Our largest customer vertical is U.S. federal, state and local law enforcement. Axon has a customer relationship with a substantial number of federal, state and local law enforcement agencies in the United States. At any point, whether or not related to the performance of our products and services, law enforcement agencies may elect to no longer purchase or use our CEDs or other products and services. For example, we believe that in the past our sales were adversely impacted by negative coverage and publicity surrounding our products and services and their use and this could occur in the future, including as a result of factors beyond our control. If law enforcement agencies materially reduce or discontinue purchases of our products and services, our business prospects, operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected. We substantially depend on sales of our CEDs, and if these products do not continue to be widely accepted, our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition will be diminished. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from sales of CEDs and related products and services, whether sold individually or as part of a subscription plan offering. We anticipate that these products will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. If we cannot continue to meet customer demands or achieve more widespread market acceptance of these products, our business prospects, operating results, and financial condition will be materially adversely affected. Additionally, our CEDs and other offerings or products could fail to maintain or attain sufficient customer acceptance for many reasons, some of which are beyond our control, including: • our failure to predict market demand accurately, whether as a result of a failure to anticipate demand for product features or functionality or to supply offerings that meet this demand; • real or perceived defects, errors or failures; • negative publicity about product performance or effectiveness; • delays in releasing to the market our improved offerings or enhancements, or defects, errors or failures while releasing such offerings or enhancements; • failure to offer complementary products that enhance the functionality of our offerings; • introduction or anticipated introduction of competing products; and • budget constraints or other limitations for our customers. A decrease in the selling prices of or demand for these products, or failure to maintain broad market acceptance, could significantly harm our competitive position, and adversely affect our business operating results and financial condition. If we are unable to design, introduce, sell and deploy new products or new product features successfully, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Our future success will likely depend on our ability to develop new products or product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner and in a way that is responsive to customer demand. The development of new products and product features is complex, time-consuming and expensive, and we may experience delays or incur significant additional costs in completing the development and introduction of new products. We may choose to carry higher levels of inventory to mitigate the risk of production delays, which may expose us to an increased risk of obsolescence. 15 Table o f Contents We have devoted, and continue to devote, significant resources to develop and deploy SaaS solutions to a large number of customers. If there is a substantial increase of new customers in a small window, we may have difficulty deploying these solutions in a way that meets market demand. Increases in customer demand may require us to change our information technology (“IT”) infrastructure, expand our IT infrastructure or replace our IT infrastructure entirely. Scaling and adapting our IT infrastructure is likely to be complex and require additional technical expertise. If we are required to make any changes to our IT infrastructure, we may incur substantial costs and experience delays or interruptions in our solutions. These delays or interruptions may cause customers to become dissatisfied with our solutions and move to competing providers. Our failure to accommodate increased traffic, increased costs, inefficiencies or failures to adapt to new technologies or customer requirements and the associated adjustments to our IT infrastructure could harm our business prospects, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, customers’ requirements for these products are complex and varied. If we cannot develop scalable solutions that can be consistently configured for customers with minimal effort or maintain sufficient professional service resources to configure our products to meet the requirements of large numbers of customers in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to broadly scale SaaS solutions could be negatively impacted, and our business prospects, operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted. We cannot assure you that new products or product features will achieve market acceptance. If we fail to develop new products or new product features on a timely basis that achieve market acceptance, our business, financial results and competitive position could be adversely affected. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices and software is rapidly evolving. The introduction of products embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards can render existing products obsolete. In particular, AI and machine learning technologies are rapidly developing and as these technologies are incorporated into our products and the operations of our customers, the pace of change has in the past and may in the future continue to accelerate. Additionally, we expect our products to meet and keep pace with evolving security standards and requirements of our industry and customers, including those of the U.S. federal government and international governments. While we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our Axon devices, CEDs and SaaS technology, new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position. Additionally, our competitors may develop competing technologies or products with superior features or lower costs, respond more quickly to emerging technologies, conduct more extensive marketing campaigns, or otherwise compete more effectively than we do. If we cannot compete effectively, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Negative publicity could adversely impact sales, which could cause our revenues or operating results to decline. Our business depends on the reputation of the Axon brand. If we are unable to maintain the position of the Axon brand, our business may be adversely affected by diminishing the appeal of the brand to our customer base, resulting in lower sales and earnings. Our reputation and our brands have in the past been, and could in the future be, damaged by negative publicity, whether or not merited. Negative publicity could relate to our company, our brands, our products, or other aspects of our business. We could experience negative publicity (which may be raised by consumer advocacy groups, third party interest groups, investors, employees or other stakeholders) for a variety of reasons, including product safety issues, threatened or pending legal or regulatory proceedings, product claims, advertising and promotional practices, sustainability or policy issues, materials sourcing or cybersecurity incidents. Negative publicity that damages one of our brands could be compounded by having an adverse effect on our other brands or our company as a whole. In addition, unfavorable media or investor and analyst reports related to our industry, company, brand, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects may affect our common stock price and the performance of our business, even if the publicity is not directly related to our company or our brands and even if the publicity is not accurate. Furthermore, the speed at which negative publicity is disseminated has dramatically increased through use of electronic communication, including social media outlets, websites and other digital platforms. Additionally, our employees' use of digital or social media platforms in ways that may not be aligned with our digital or social media policies could damage our reputation or brands. Our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand depends on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing media environments. Adverse publicity or negative commentary from any media outlet could damage our reputation, require us to expend substantial resources to remedy the damage or reduce the demand for our products and services, adversely affecting our business and financial results. 16 Table o f Contents Acquisitions of, or investments in, other products, technologies or businesses could disrupt our business, dilute shareholder value, or adversely affect our operating results. Our business strategy has included, and may continue to include, acquiring or investing in complementary products, technologies, or businesses. Identifying, negotiating, and completing these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult, and expensive. In some cases, our ability to close such transactions depends on obtaining third party approvals, which are beyond our control. As a result, there can be no assurance that any announced acquisition or investment, will close on the anticipated timeline or at all. Acquisitions and investments may present unforeseen operating, financial, or compliance challenges. Many of these challenges may arise from actions, omissions, business practices, contractual arrangements, or operational decisions of the acquired business or investee entity that occurred prior to or independently of our ownership or involvement. Integrating acquired personnel, operations, systems, technologies, and products or effectively managing the combined business can be complex, costly, and disruptive. Our ability to identify and assess material risks and liabilities through due diligence may be limited, particularly where sellers restrict access to information, transaction timelines are compressed, or we acquire a non-controlling interest. Anticipated benefits of such transactions may not materialize due to factors such as: • inability to integrate or profitably benefit from acquired products, technologies (including AI and machine learning models), or businesses; inherited risks associated with AI or machine learning models (including model performance limitations, bias, explainability challenges, or reliance on training data) that may be incomplete, inaccurate, or subject to regulatory restrictions; • failure to obtain required regulatory approvals, clearances or certifications; • exposure to unexpected regulatory obligations, including those related to export controls, data protection, AI, or product safety, which could require significant investment to satisfy; • unanticipated costs, liabilities, or risks related to litigation (including intellectual property claims and disputes, government inquiries, or regulatory actions); exposure to actual or alleged intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, or other intellectual property claims arising from the technologies, products, software, data, or business practices of an acquired company or an entity in which we hold a minority investment (including claims that pre-date our acquisition or investment, discontinuation of products, modification of technologies, commencement of licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, or payment of damages, settlements, or ongoing royalties); • identification of previously unknown cybersecurity vulnerabilities in acquired technologies that expose us to security or privacy risks; • cultural misalignment with the acquired company, disruptions to our workplace environment, or adverse impacts on investor perception; • unionization, labor organization efforts, or grievances leading to work stoppages, strikes, or operational disruptions; • difficulties integrating accounting, financial reporting, and internal control systems, consistent with our corporate standards and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; • difficulties supporting legacy products, software, or infrastructure of the acquired business; • challenges aligning the acquired company’s revenue recognition policies and forecasting methods; • write-downs or impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets if the acquired business underperforms expectations; • credit risks, or other financial impacts associated with acquired customers or contractual obligations; • challenges transitioning acquired customers to our systems, processes, and contractual terms, including risks related to contract assignability or change-of-control provisions; • loss, modification, or non-renewal of government contracts, framework agreements, or sole-source arrangements following a change of control or integration into our operations; • diversion of management’s attention and critical resources away from existing business priorities; • disruption to relationships with existing customers, suppliers, or strategic partners; • supply chain, manufacturing, or sourcing disruptions affecting acquired businesses; • difficulties scaling manufacturing capacity, production volumes, or supply chain operations of acquired businesses; • loss of key employees of the acquired business; and 17 Table o f Contents • exposure to adverse tax consequences, deferred compensation or employment-related liabilities, or depreciation charges associated with the acquired assets. In the case of minority or non-controlling investments, we may have limited ability to influence the strategic direction, governance, regulatory compliance, risk management, or operations of the investee business, may be subject to conflicts with other shareholders or founders, and may receive less timely or less complete information regarding the investee’s performance or risks. We may finance acquisitions or investments through the issuance of equity or debt. The issuance of equity could dilute existing shareholders, and the issuance of debt could reduce liquidity or increase leverage and interest expense. Debt financing activities may also include restrictive covenants or repayment obligations that limit operational flexibility or our ability to pursue additional strategic transactions. Significant acquisitions typically result in the recognition of goodwill and other intangible assets. If the acquired business does not perform as expected, we may be required to record non-cash impairment charges, which could materially affect our operating results and financial condition. We cannot assure you that the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment will be realized, that projected synergies will materialize, or that we will not be exposed to unknown liabilities or risks. Integrating new assets, operations, or personnel is inherently uncertain and resource intensive. If we fail to successfully integrate or manage the acquired businesses or investment, including effectively addressing the risks described above, or if anticipated benefits do not outweigh incurred costs, our business prospects, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We may not successfully manage our growth or plan for future growth. Since our founding in 1993, we have experienced rapid growth. The growth and expansion of our business places a continuous and significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. Our operations, including our customer base, third party relationships, information technology systems, and internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support further growth. Managing our growth will also require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources, including the challenges of integrating, developing, and motivating a growing employee base in various countries around the world. Our rapid growth may make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. Our ability to forecast our future results of operations is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to effectively plan for and model future growth. We have encountered in the past, and may encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, or if we are not able to accurately forecast future growth, our business could be harmed. Operational Risks Unavailability of materials or higher costs could adversely affect our financial results. We depend on U.S. domestic and international suppliers for the delivery of components used in the assembly of our products. Our reliance on third party suppliers creates risks, including our ability to obtain adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and both single or sole-source components used in the manufacture of our products. Further risks include reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies and potential effects of evolving international trade controls or other government-imposed supplier restrictions. We depend on suppliers of machined parts, injection molded plastic parts, printed circuit boards, semiconductors, custom wire fabrications and other custom and off-the-shelf parts for our products. Although we may implement long-term agreements with strategic suppliers to mitigate the risk of supply continuity, disruptions remain possible. However, for molded materials, because we own substantially all of the injection molded component tooling used in their production, we believe we could obtain alternative suppliers in most cases. We have programs to hold additional materials (such as resins, battery components, major semiconductors and other critical components) to mitigate supply interruptions and better manage costs. Additionally, if our suppliers do not allocate sufficient production, decommit from agreed supply levels, or inaccurately forecast demand, we may face reduced access to components and need to secure new suppliers. As the scale of our hardware production increases, we need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport components at high volumes to our manufacturing facilities. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component purchases to our actual needs, we may incur costs related to unexpected production disruption, storage, transportation, expedite, and write-offs, which may harm our business prospects and financial condition. 18 Table o f Contents The TASER 10 CED presents additional supply chain challenges due to its unique design and regulatory requirements, including, for example, the regulation of imports and exports of certain TASER 10 CED components. We also purchase raw materials for TASER 10 CEDs from a limited number of suppliers, some of which may be subject to market price fluctuations that we may be unable to pass through to our customers. Because of the unique requirements of TASER 10 CEDs, we cannot change suppliers easily. Any delay or interruption in the supply of the raw materials that are used in TASER 10 CEDs could impair our ability to manufacture and deliver TASER 10 CEDs, harm our reputation, or cause a reduction in revenues. A significant number of our raw materials or components comprise petroleum-based products or incur some form of landed cost associated with transporting the raw materials or components. Our freight and import costs and the timely delivery of our products could be adversely affected by the materialization or re-emergence of a number of factors that could reduce the profitability of our operations, including, for example: higher fuel costs; supply chain shortages; potential port closures or shipping disruptions; customs clearance issues; increased government regulation or regulatory changes for imports of foreign products into the United States and exports from foreign sources; and delays created by war, terrorist attacks or threats, public health issues, national disasters or work stoppages. We are also subject to supply chain disruption if any of our su

=== AXON_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors As of the three months ended March 31, 2026, there have been no significant changes to the risk factors outlined in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we redeemed $0.8 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes, and we settled conversions in respect of $80.3 million aggregate principal amount with $80.3 million in cash and issued 211,870 shares of our common stock. We relied on the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act in connection with the issuance of 211,870 shares. In connection with these conversions, we received 41,139 shares from option counterparties in connection with partial termination of the Note Hedge and Warrants. Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 — — — — February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 41,139 (1) — — — March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 — — — — (1) Represents shares of common stock received from option counterparties in connection with the partial termination of the Note Hedge and Warrants in February 2026, which is separate from the stock repurchase plan discussed in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. 32 Table of Conten ts Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. Item 5. Other Information The table below describes the contracts, instructions or written plans for the purchase or sale of securities adopted or terminated by our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended March 31, 2026, that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c). Name and Title Action Date of Termination or Adoption Expiration Date Aggregate Number of Securities to be Sold Joshua Isner , President Termination (1) March 3, 2026 December 31, 2026 52,480 (3) Isaiah Fields , Chief Legal Officer Termination (2) March 9, 2026 December 31, 2026 7,125 (3) Joshua Isner , President Adoption March 4, 2026 December 31, 2026 135,466 (3) (1) Trading arrangement was originally adopted on December 17, 2025. (2) Mr. Fields was appointed as an officer, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act, effective January 1, 2026. On March 9, 2026, he terminated this trading arrangement originally adopted on August 19, 2025. As Mr. Fields was not an officer subject to the disclosure requirements of Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K at the time of the adoption of this trading arrangement, no prior disclosure of this trading arrangement was made. No transactions were effected under the plan prior to its termination. (3) Reflects the maximum number of shares to be sold, excluding the effect of shares withheld for taxes. No other Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements” (as defined by Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) were entered into , modified, or terminated by our directors or officers during such period. Item 6. Exhibits 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 9, 2022) 3.2 Bylaws, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 21, 2023) 31.1* Principal Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 31.2* Principal Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 32** Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS* Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104* The cover page from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL _______________________________________ + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement * Filed herewith ** Furnished herewith 33 Table of Conten ts SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. Date: May 6, 2026 By: /s/ PATRICK SMITH Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: May 6, 2026 By: /s/ BRITTANY BAGLEY Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 34 