=== [ER] edgar_0001628280-26-031285_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 axon-20260506xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 CONTACT Investor Relations Axon Enterprise, Inc. IR axon.com Axon reports Q1 2026 revenue of $807 million, up 34% year over year Software Services revenue grows 35% to $355 million AI products up over 700% year over year Counter-drone product revenue up over 300% year over year Net income of $169 million supports non-GAAP net income of $133 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $202 million Raises full-year revenue outlook to a range of 30% to 32% annual growth and maintains 25.5% Adjusted EBITDA margin Expects full-year operating cash flow of over $600 million and free cash flow of approximately $450 million Fellow shareholders, Axon entered 2026 with strong momentum, delivering record quarterly revenue and marking our ninth consecutive quarter of 30%+ growth. This performance was driven by robust demand across our ecosystem of products, including TASER 10, Axon Body 4, counter-drone, real-time operations and artificial intelligence (AI). Underpinning these results is our continued investment in innovation alongside strong, consistent profitability, with first quarter revenue growth of 34%, net income margin of 21% and an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 25%. Software Services revenue continued to drive growth, contributing $355 million, up 35% year over year. Adoption of our latest software offerings among existing customers supported net revenue retention of 125%, while we expanded our customer base across international, corrections, U.S. federal and enterprise markets. Annual recurring revenue reached $1.5 billion, growing 35% year over year. Connected Devices revenue increased 33% year over year to $453 million. TASER 10 and Axon Body 4 continue to see strong demand as customers scale deployments, driving TASER and Personal Sensors growth of 19% and 23%, respectively. Platform Solutions accelerated overall growth, contributing $111 million and increasing 95% year over year. This performance reflects strong adoption of counter-drone systems, which remain in the early stages of adoption across a large market opportunity, with several major events and catalysts to drive further adoption on the horizon. Our results exceeded expectations and support an increased outlook for the year. We now expect revenue growth in the range of 30% to 32%, up from 27% to 30% previously, and continue to expect an Adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 25.5%. The sections that follow highlight our recent product innovations, financial performance and updated outlook for 2026. Select Highlights In April, Axon introduced a series of innovations across our product ecosystem at our annual user conference, further enhancing the value of our AI Era Plan and broader platform. These innovations go beyond connecting data they enable users to understand and act on it in real time. Axon Vision and Axon Guardian are two examples, along with new skills and expanded accessibility for Axon Assistant across devices within a CJIS-compliant environment. At the same time, our pace of innovation is extending our reach into adjacent customer segments, including justice, corrections and enterprise. Draft One, for example, is expanding into healthcare. Dedrone is further driving interest with enterprise customers looking to protect major events, critical infrastructure and datacenters, while introducing us to new international opportunities. Brief One and new innovations within Axon Justice are also advancing our capabilities across judicial workflows. The Next Wave of Advancements in Axon AI Axon Vision Axon Vision transforms live camera feeds into actionable intelligence by identifying defined conditions such as physical altercations, unauthorized access and medical emergencies as they occur. Built on computer vision models embedded within Fusus, Axon Vision is designed to detect activity, not individuals. It does not use facial recognition, and all alerts require human review before action is taken. Axon Vision also represents an important step in our expansion into new customer verticals. Initial rollout will focus on enterprise and corrections environments, where customers already operate fixed video systems that can be leveraged to improve safety and transparency. Early use cases include identifying signs of medical emergencies or escalating conflict, enabling staff to respond before situations deteriorate. Field trials are targeted for mid-2026, with general availability expected in early Q4 2026. Axon Guardian Every day, officers face situations that can escalate without warning often without enough time to call for help. Axon Guardian is designed to serve as an additional set of eyes and ears, continuously monitoring for signs of escalation, malicious activity or distress. By leveraging tools already at the scene, including body-worn and fleet cameras, Guardian extends real-time AI directly into the field. When a potential threat is identified, alerts are triggered for the officer, supervisor or dispatcher to assess and respond with appropriate support. Guardian will launch with two core capabilities. On body cameras, escalation detection will analyze audio in real time to identify verbal indicators of rising tension and can automatically initiate a call for assistance via Axon Fusus. Over time, this capability will expand to include AI-generated summaries alongside live streams, significantly broadening what the system can recognize. On fleet cameras, officers will be able to activate a sentinel mode that scans for activity around the patrol vehicle, providing additional awareness during tasks such as traffic stops or report writing and alerting officers if individuals approach unexpectedly. In test analysis of historical interaction data, Guardian escalation detection would have identified an escalation during an incident that resulted in a non-fatal shooting minutes before the officer called for backup. Our vision is to identify patterns that signal when a situation may turn dangerous, bringing additional support into the loop earlier. As the model continues to learn, alert accuracy improves, helping enhance officer safety with each use. Axon Assistant Axon Assistant has expanded significantly beyond its original voice-enabled capabilities on Axon Body 4. It now operates as a CJIS-compliant AI interface available via voice or chat across the Axon platform including body-worn devices, mobile applications, Axon Evidence and real-time operations tools. This cr

=== [ER] edgar_0001628280-26-011106_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 axon-20260224xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 CONTACT Investor Relations Axon Enterprise, Inc. IR axon.com Axon reports Q4 2025 revenue of $797 million, up 39% year over year Software Services revenue grows 40% to $343 million Net income of $3 million supports non-GAAP net income of $178 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $206 million Company establishes 2026 outlook of 27% to 30% revenue growth and a 25.5% Adjusted EBITDA margin Introduces new 2028 targets of $6 billion in annual revenue and 28% A djusted EBITDA margin Fellow shareholders, Axon completed another record year in pursuit of our mission to protect life. Revenue grew 33% year over year, marking our fourth consecutive year of annual growth above 30% as demand for our ecosystem continues to build. We delivered a full-year net income margin of 4.5% alongside Adjusted EBITDA margin of 25.5% and maintained a Rule of 40 metric above 55, even as we continued investing in our products and expanding our customer base. Together, we believe our 2025 results reflect disciplined execution of our strategy and are a strong foundation for our longer-term guidance. Key operational milestones in 2025 are as follows Delivered $2.8 billion in annual revenue, up 33% year over year Surpassed $1.3 billion in annual recurring revenue, up 35% year over year Generated annual bookings of $7.4 billion, up 46% year over year Reached total future contracted bookings of $14.4 billion, an increase of 43% year over year Achieved a full-year net income margin of 4.5% alongside a 25.5% Adjusted EBITDA margin Introduced major product expansions, including Axon Vehicle Intelligence, Axon Assistant, Axon Body Mini and Axon 911 Our momentum is accelerating as we enter 2026, supported by disciplined investment, strong product market fit and deep, truste d relationships with our customers. We expect 2026 revenue growth of 27% to 30% with an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 25.5%. Looking further ahead, we are establishing a new target for 2028 of approximately $6 billion in annual revenue and a 28% Adjusted EBITDA margin . We recap our major product innovations, review our fourth quarter and full-year 2025 results, and outline our 2026 outlook and 2028 targets in more detail below. 2025 Product Innovation Year In Review Axon continues to make significant investments, both organically and through strategic acquisitions, to expand and strengthen our ecosystem and deliver differentiated technology solutions. Our approach is rooted in deep partnership with our customers, enabling us to understand the challenges they face every day and build solutions designed to address them. We are frequently first to market with new products, or we enter established categories when technology has not advanced to meet evolving customer needs. The impact of our disciplined innovation is reflected in our consistently strong net revenue retention, which reached 125% in the quarter, and is driven by our existing customers adopting new products. We believe our customer-focused, long-term approach positions Axon to deliver sustained growth and consistently achieve our financial targets. Axon Ecosystem Launched Advancing The AI Era In 2025, we continued executing on our strategy with the AI Era Plan, embedding practical, high-impact artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities across our integrated hardware and software ecosystem. The AI Era Plan began with transcription and Draft One, which became foundational tools for reducing report-writing time and administrative burden. This year, we enhanced those capabilities through rolling improvements while bringing Brief One and Form One into broader availability and introducing Axon Assistant. Together, these innovations represented first of their kind advancements for our customers and are part of consistent evolution we are committed to delivering as part of our AI strategy. Axon s differentiation in AI is grounded in deep understanding of customer needs and our ability to innovate new solutions leveraging our expertise in building purpose-built sensors, devices and software that work seamlessly together. By designing hardware and cloud workflows in tandem, we are able to deliver AI functionality that is tightly integrated into real-world operations. From automated reporting and intelligent search to translation and contextual assistance, our AI tools are designed to improve speed, accuracy and decision-making in the moments that matter most. Axon Assistant Axon Assistant brought a voice-activated AI companion directly into Axon body cameras embedding AI at the frontline to help users stay focused while accelerating access to critical information. Initial capabilities focus on high-impact everyday tasks, including real-time translation across 50+ languages and voice-enabled policy chat, which delivers reliable answers to policy questions with citations. Built from the ground up to be extensible, Axon Assistant provides a powerful foundation that will continue to expand with additional skills and automation over time. We plan to announce a growing list of transformative capabilities at Axon Week coming up in April and continuing to extend our leadership in AI over the coming years. In its first year, Axon Assistant saw strong adoption, with approximately 500 customers now live on the platform, and early examples of its real-world impact are already beginning to surface. In September, only months after Axon Assistant with live translation became available, one Axon customer, Bernalillo County Sheriff s Office, relied on the tool to turn a high-risk traffic stop into a successful response. Here's what they had to say after Everyone talks about AI is coming AI s here. My vision is, you re always using technology to supplement your personnel. And it s really just a force multiplier. ... That Russian translation that we put out there saying there s no language barrier I think that answered questions for the world. Before, we didn t want AI in police work. Now people are asking for more of it, because they re seeing the advantages. Sheriff John Allen, Bernalillo County Sheriff s Office Axon Vehicle Intelligence In 2025, we announced and shipped our entry into the fixed automatic license plate recognition (ALPR) segment in less than one year supporting the expansion of our real-time operations platform with Axon Vehicle Intelligence. The solution brings license plate recognition, live streaming and real-time alerts into a unified, AI-pow

=== [ER] edgar_0001628280-25-048845_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 axon-20251104xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 CONTACT Investor Relations Axon Enterprise, Inc. IR axon.com Axon reports Q3 2025 revenue of $711 million, up 31% year over year Software Services revenue grows 41% to $305 million Annual recurring revenue grows 41% to $1.3 billion Net loss was $2 million, with non-GAAP net income of $98 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $177 million Raises full year revenue outlook to approximately $2.74 billion, 31% annual growth, up from $2.65 billion to $2.73 billion previously. Fellow shareholders, Axon delivered another record quarter, with revenue growing 31% year over year to $711 million our seventh consecutive quarter of growth above 30% and GAAP net loss margin o f 0.3% supporting Adjusted EBITDA margin of 24.9%. Software Services revenue increas ed 41% year over year to $305 million, driven by adoption of premium software features and an expanding user base. Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) increased 41%, to $1.3 billion, while net revenue retention remained strong at 124%. Connected Devices revenue rose 24% year over year to $405 million, reflecting strength across categories including TASER revenue of $238 million, up 17% year over year Personal Sensors revenue of $107 million, up 20% and Platform Solutions revenue of $61 million , up 71% . Beyond our results, we continued to invest in our ecosystem to support our future growth. This includes our investment in R D to build and launch new products, such as our Vehicle Intelligence platform, including Axon Outpost and Lightpost, and Axon Body Workforce (ABW) Mini. We also completed the acquisition of Prepared and signed a definitive agreement to acquire Carbyne. These technology leaders bring advanced emergency response and AI capabilities to modernize 911 call handling and dispatch workflows. As part of Axon, they will further empower users of our connected devices and real-time operations software to deliver faster, safer and more efficient outcomes. Our results, continued robust demand and expanding product roadmap support another increase to our outlook for the remainder of the year. We now expect fourth quarter revenue in the range of $750 million to $755 million, representing approximately 31% year-over-year growth, and fourth quarter Adjusted EBITDA in the range of $178 million to $182 million, representing approximately 24% Adjusted EBITDA margin. This guidance implies full-year 2025 revenue of approximate ly $2.74 billion, representing approximately 31% annual growth and a full-year Adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 25%. The sections below provide additional detail on our vision for Axon 911, the launch of our latest enterprise vertical product, quarterly financial performance and updated outlook. Select Highlights Axon 911 Axon 911 marks the next evolution of our connected public safety ecosystem linking the first moment of crisis to every action that follows. With Prepared and Carbyne combined, we set out to deliver 911 call-handling and AI-enabled communications solutions natively integrated into Axon s network. These solutions eliminate friction from legacy systems, cutting high-priority response times from seven to ten minutes to as little as 120 seconds through seamless connections between callers, responders, connected devices and command staff. Prepared and Carbyne are complementary platforms that modernize 911 call taking and response and pave the way for Axon 911. Prepared powers AI features that layer on top of existing call-taking and computer-aided dispatch (CAD) systems, instantly improving efficiency and enabling faster emergency response with workflows directly connected to Axon s real-time operations and evidence-management solutions. Carbyne offers an expansive, full-stack, cloud-native call-taking platform featuring embedded AI for agencies choosing to replace legacy 911 infrastructure. Both solutions provide an open and interoperable product suite without requiring major CAD or other system overhauls allowing agencies to maximize value through reciprocal data sharing, application programming interfaces (APIs) and flexible deployment options. This evolution unlocks new workflows and features that accelerate our roadmap to reduce response times, enhance situational awareness and strengthen the value of our ecosystem. Capabilities include intelligent assistants for non-emergency calls, precise location data, real-time transcription and translation, automated summary reporting, keyword-based alerts, and direct connectivity to real-time crime centers, drones-as-first-responder deployments and Axon Assistant. We envision a future where a 911 call activates an integrated response system that delivers new levels of efficiency and capability connecting callers, call takers, dispatchers, command staff and responders in real time. Together, these acquisitions extend our ecosystem which already includes real-time operations, vehicle intelligence, air and robotics adding $5 billion to a market opportunity now exceeding $74 billion across these product categories, a critical part of Axon s $159 billion total addressable market. It s a once-in-a-generation game changer. There is no question that we have taken the first step toward 911 in the future. This is that much of an improvement in handling 911. I think we are going to look back and say this is an important point in 911 history. Karl Fasold, Executive Director, Orleans Parish Communications District about Carbyne Axon Body Workforce Mini In September, we introduced Axon Body Workforce (ABW) Mini, our second dedicated enterprise product, which we expect to begin early deployments in the U.S. and Canada in the first half of 2026, with general availability by mid-year. ABW Mini was built in close collaboration with strategic enterprise customers, and incorporates feedback from their trials. The result is a compact, durable camera purpose-built for commercial environments bringing Axon s trusted technology to industries such as retail, healthcare, and logistics, where accountability and safety are essential. ABW Mini brings Axon s connected intelligence features to enterprise customers, including two-way voice, live streaming, automated alerts, Axon MetaCoach and Axon Assistant. It connects directly to our enterprise platform, Axon OS, which unifies sensors, communications, and digital evidence, enabling seamless collaboration with law enforcement while delivering features tailored to enterprise needs h

=== [ER] edgar_0001069183-25-000176_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 axon-20250804xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 CONTACT Investor Relations Axon Enterprise, Inc. IR axon.com Axon reports Q2 2025 revenue of $669 million, up 33% year over year Software Services revenue grows 39% to $292 million Annual recurring revenue grows 39% to $1.2 billion Net income of $36 million supports non-GAAP net income of $174 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $172 million Raises full year revenue outlook to a range of $2.65 billion to $2.73 billion, up from $2.60 billion to $2.70 billion. Fellow shareholders, Axon closed the first half of 2025 with record quarterly revenue, reflecting consistent execution and a strong foundation for long-term growth. Second quarter revenue grew 33% year over year our sixth consecutive quarter above 30% and 14th consecutive quarter above 25% while net income margin of 5.4% supported an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 25.7%. Software Services revenue increased 39% year over year to $292 million, driven by growing adoption of premium digital evidence management solutions, real-time operations, virtual reality training and productivity tools. This momentum contributed to Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) growt h of 39% to $1.2 b illion. Expansion with our existing customers supported an increase in our net revenue retention rate to 124% . Connected Devices revenue rose 29% year over year to $376 million, reflecting strength across all major device lines. TASER revenue grew 19% to $216 million, driven by demand for TASER 10. Personal Sensors revenue increased 24% to $93 million, supported by adoption of Axon Body 4. Platform Solutions revenue grew 86% to $67 million, showcasing strong market demand for emerging products, including counter-drone and VR training. Our performance through the first half of 2025 supports our increased outlook for the remainder of the year. We now expect full-year 2025 revenue between $ 2.65 billion and $2.73 billion, representing approximately 29% growth at the midpoint. This compares to prior guidance of $2.60 to $2.70 billion, or approximately 27% growth at the midpoint. We continue to target an Adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 25%, which implies Adjusted EBITDA of $665 million to $685 million up from $650 million to $675 million previously. The sections below provide additional detail on the drivers behind our software growth, financial performance, and updated 2025 outlook. Select Highlights Axon Software Services Axon s Software Services segment includes a suite of integrated solutions designed to help customers capture truth, manage digital evidence, support real-time operations and enhance productivity. At the center is our digital evidence management platform, which allows agencies to securely store, organize and share evidence in a centralized hub. The vast majority of Axon devices are sold with an accompanying evidence management license. Building on our foundation in evidence management, Axon s software portfolio also includes real-time operations solutions such as location and service area monitoring, video live streaming and voice communications as well as records management, virtual reality training, AI-powered productivity and intelligence tools, and counter-drone and drone-as-first-responder systems. These offerings are configurable across multiple products to meet a wide range of agency needs, with options that span from foundational features to advanced packages with enhanced capabilities. Axon s broadened software portfolio is the result of decades of scaling investment and innovation, with a robust cadence of new products introduced for customers each year. Our momentum is validated by rising adoption, reflected in net revenue retention rates consistently near 120% for more than 20 consecutive quarters. We remain focused on building what s next, with a strong and growing pipeline of new products and visionary enhancements designed to help agencies work more safely, efficiently and effectively. Our efforts have already resulted in our position as a first mover in delivering AI-driven solutions to our customers, where early feedback reinforces our progress When I started, we had two binders of policies and had to check them before asking supervisors this Policy Chat is amazing! Captain Kevin Schoolmeesters, Tampa Police Department (FL) I was highly impressed with this new technology s real-time translation effectiveness. Being able to communicate directly with the driver without having to look down at a phone to communicate with the operator greatly enhanced officer safety. Officer, Milford Police Department (CT) AI In Law Enforcement Trends Axon s products are developed in close partnership with our customers, and we incorporate their feedback to ensure we are building solutions that address their most difficult, unsolved challenges. As part of this collaboration, we conducted a national survey on the role of AI in law enforcement. Fielded from November 2024 through January 2025, the survey included responses from more than 500 individuals across a range of roles including patrol officers, sergeants, chiefs of police, sheriffs, detectives, IT personnel and forensic video analysts. The goal of the survey was to better understand how law enforcement professionals are engaging with AI today and to identify emerging trends that could inform future Axon technology development. Respondents highlighted near-universal staffing shortages, significant time spent on administrative tasks rather than field operations, and broad optimism around AI s potential to help address these challenges with early usage already demonstrating meaningful time savings. Respondents reported saving between 6 to 12 hours per week on average through the use of Axon AI tools. Importantly, this feedback was gathered prior to the general availability of our AI Era Plan tools and expands on our prior internal analysis, which had shown the opportunity for Draft One to help reduce the nearly 40% of officer time currently spent writing reports. Reported weekly time savings Draft One 11 hours Redaction Assistant 10 hours Axon Auto-Transcribe 6 hours Priority ranked video audit 12 hours Transcript keyword search 6 hours Additional insights emphasized the importance of responsible AI deployment. Axon s Responsible Innovation Framework was designed with this in mind to ensure AI, and all technologies, are developed and deployed ethically and transparently. In alignment with our values-based approach focused on principle

=== [ER] edgar_0001069183-25-000074_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 axon-20250507xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 CONTACT Investor Relations Axon Enterprise, Inc. IR axon.com Axon reports Q1 2025 revenue of $604 million, up 31% year over year Software Services revenue grows 39% to $263 million Annual recurring revenue grows 34% to $1.1 billion Net income of $88 million supports non-GAAP net income of $115 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $155 million Raises full year revenue outlook to a range of $2.60 billion to $2.70 billion, up from $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion. Fellow shareholders, Axon delivered a strong start to 2025, achieving record quarterly revenue while maintaining healthy margins and reinforcing our foundation for long-term growth through continued product innovation and a strengthened balance sheet. First quarter revenue reached $604 million, representing 31% year-over-year growth and marking our 13th consecutive quarter of growth exceeding 25%. We continued to demonstrate profitable expansion, with a net income margin of 14.6% and an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 25.7%. Our performance was led by Software Services, which generated $263 million in revenue, up 39% year over year, driven by robust demand for our premium software offerings and an expanding user base. Customers continue to find increasing value in our growing suite of solutions, with Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) increasing 34% year over year to $1.1 billion and net revenue retention of 123%. Connected Devices revenue totaled $341 million, up 26% year over year, with growth across all major device categories. TASER revenue grew 19% year over year to $195 million, reflecting continued strength in demand for TASER 10. Personal Sensors revenue grew 30% year over year to $88 million, driven by Axon Body 4. Our newly introduced Platform Solutions category generated $57 million in revenue, growing 51% year over year, fueled by demand for VR training and counter drone equipment. Strong alignment with our customers, expanding vertical applications and sustained product innovation underpin Axon s increased outlook for the remainder of the year. For full year 2025, we now expect revenue between $2.60 billion and $2.70 billion, up from our prior range of $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion, and representing approximately 27% growth at the midpoint. We continue to target an Adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 25%, or $650 million to $675 million, an increase from our previous outlook of $640 million to $670 million. We highlight recent product innovations, financial results and provide more detail on our updated guidance for 2025 in the sections that follow. Select Highlights Axon Week 2025 In April, we hosted our tenth annual user conference, Axon Week 2025, where we outlined our vision for the future of public safety technology. Attendance at this year s event exceeded 2,500 participants, more than doubling over the past two years and underscoring the growing strength of our customer relationships. Across nearly 90 breakout sessions and daily keynotes, we highlighted innovations designed to meet the evolving challenges faced by public safety professionals. This year s event also marked a major milestone with one of our most ambitious product launches to date the introduction of Axon Vehicle Intelligence with Axon Outpost and Axon Lightpost and the unveiling of Axon Assistant, an AI voice-enabled companion built into Axon Body 4. These additions meaningfully expand our product portfolio and enhance our ability to support customers across public safety. In parallel, we broadened our partner ecosystem through new technology integrations and launched Works With Axon, a certified third-party partner program. These aren t just product and capability launches it s a blueprint for the future of public safety Rick Smith, Axon Founder and CEO Product Highlights Axon Vehicle Intelligence Axon Outpost and Axon Lightpost introduce expanded video and automatic license plate reading (ALPR) capabilities for public safety, delivering actionable intelligence to the field through license plate recognition, live-streaming, real-time alerts and innovative form factors that leverage simplified or existing infrastructure. Together with Axon Fleet 3 and Axon Fusus, these systems form the foundation of Axon Vehicle Intelligence a next-generation advancement to our real-time operations platform that moves beyond traditional ALPR to provide deeper insights, including vehicle make, color, visible damage and other unique identifying features. To provide Axon Vehicle Intelligence users with greater flexibility and unmatched optionality, we also introduced Works With Axon, a certified third-party camera partner program that enables seamless integrations with self-service onboarding and compatibility assurance. Within Axon Vehicle Intelligence, Works With Axon-certified cameras will appear on agency maps and integrate into real-time workflows, operating like and alongside other Axon devices within the Axon ecosystem. Axon Outpost is a smart fixed camera solution with on-device processing automatic license plate reader (ALPR) technology and live-streaming designed for high-traffic and hard-to-reach areas. Axon Lightpost was developed in partnership with Ubicquia, to turn existing streetlights into smart public safety nodes no new poles or infrastructure required. We built Axon Vehicle Intelligence not just to help solve crimes faster, but to do it the right way. With privacy built in. With purpose behind every alert. These are tools that help you make the stop, close the case and bring everyone home safe . Rick Smith, Axon Founder and CEO Axon Assistant Building on the success of Draft One and accelerating momentum behind our AI Era Plan, we introduced Axon Assistant, a voice-activated AI solution embedded within Axon Body 4. Axon Assistant is currently in early access and will launch this year with three initial skills Real-Time Translation transforms the body camera into a live translator, supporting over 50 languages at launch, to enable clear communication during traffic stops, calls for service and other multilingual interactions. General Q A brings real-time internet access to the field, allowing officers to retrieve information without leaving the scene or diverting their focus. Voice-Enabled Policy Chat provides instant, reliable answers to agency policy questions complete with citations empowering officers to make informed decisions quickly and with confidence. Axon Assistant will continu

=== [ER] edgar_0001069183-25-000015_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 axon-20250225xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 CONTACT Investor Relations Axon Enterprise, Inc. IR axon.com Axon 2024 revenue grows 33% to $2.1 billion third consecutive year of 30%+ annual growth Axon Cloud Services revenue grows 44% to $806 million Annual recurring revenue grows 37% to $1.0 billion Annual net income of $377 million supports non-GAAP net income of $466 million Company establishes fiscal year 2025 revenue guidance of $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion, representing approximately 25% annual growth at the midpoint Fellow shareholders, Axon is proud to report the closing of an evolutionary year defined by innovative product leadership, deep customer collaboration and unwavering commitment to our mission of protecting life. Our third consecutive year of 30%+ annual revenue growth demonstrates Axon s strong product-market fit and customer expansion. Along with our growth, we achieved a full-year net income margin of 18.1% and an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 25.0%. Key operational milestones of 2024 are as follows Surpassed $2 billion in annual revenue and $1 billion in annual recurring revenue Annual bookings over $5 billion drove total future contracted bookings to $10.1 billion Awarded largest deal in company history, coming from an enterprise customer Full-year net income margin of 18.1% drove 25.0% Adjusted EBITDA margin with 60%+ free cash flow conversion Surpassed 1 million total software users Shipped more than 200,000 TASER devices, 300,000 body cameras and over 9 million cartridges We closed 2024 with record quarterly revenue of $575 million in Q4, up 34% year over year, for our 12th consecutive quarter of 25%+ growth. TASER revenue of $221 million grew 37% year over year, fueled by the continued scaling of TASER 10 and growing adoption of our VR training solutions. Sensors Other revenue of $124 million grew 18% year over year, supported by continued strong demand for Axon Body 4 and Axon Fleet 3. Axon Cloud Services accounted for 40% of our total revenue, growing 41% year over year to $230 million as adoption of our premium subscription offerings continued to build. Our momentum is strong heading into a new year. Looking ahead, we expect to deliver 2025 annual revenue in a range of $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion and Adjusted EBITDA of $640 million to $670 million. This reflects approximately 25% annual growth and approximately 25% Adjusted EBITDA margin at the midpoint of our guidance ranges. We recap our leaps in innovation in 2024, analyze our updated total market opportunity and dive into our financial results in more detail below. 5 Big Innovative Leaps in 2024 1) Artificial Intelligence in Policing We introduced a suite of AI-powered solutions that are transforming public safety by enhancing efficiency, accelerating decision-making, and streamlining workflows. Our AI Era Plan integrates cutting-edge technologies like Draft One our fastest-growing software solution contributing to over 100,000 incident reports and saving officers 2.2 million minutes of valuable time through AI-driven incident reporting. Axon is at the forefront of AI-driven public safety, with more major advancements expected in 2025 and beyond. 2) Interoperable Real-Time Crime Center Technology We strengthened our Real-Time Operations (RTO) platform with the acquisition of Fusus, a global leader in real-time crime center technology. Axon Fusus supports millions of livestreams a year across over 2,000 agencies as it integrates data from diverse sources CCTV, body cameras, ALPR, drones and sensors into a unified, cloud-based platform, enabling decentralized, real-time access. 3) Unmatched Drone as First Responder Axon Air has evolved into a comprehensive public safety drone platform through our acquisition of Dedrone and our expanded strategic partnership with Skydio. These advancements led to the Axon Drone as First Responder (DFR) solution, which integrates secure, autonomous aircraft with mission-critical software and airspace security capabilities. With the ability to arrive on scene in just 1-2 minutes, drones enable rapid assessment and intervention when every second counts. The full potential of our DFR solution is unlocked through its native integration with Axon Fusus. Together, these technologies provide unparalleled situational awareness, improving response times and maximizing operational efficiency in this rapidly expanding space. 4) Enterprise Collaboration Axon doubled-down on enterprise with the introduction of tailor-made solutions that build on our durable, battle-tested technology for law enforcement. We introduced Axon Body Workforce, a lightweight body-worn camera designed for frontline workers, enabling incident documentation without disrupting workflow. Axon Fusus further enhances our enterprise security offerings by integrating existing security technologies into a cloud-based Security Operations Center (SOC), allowing businesses to share real-time data with public safety agencies for faster response. Our strategic move into workplace safety drives deeper integration between enterprise security and public safety systems to enhance incident prevention and operational efficiency. 5) Mobile-First Policing Axon s reimagined mobile app enhances operational efficiency by providing officers with a secure, mobile-first solution for evidence and records management. For a growing set of key tasks, this eliminates the need to spend precious time returning to the station just to get this work done. Now available on iOS and Android with FedRAMP authorization, the app streamlines workflows by enabling real-time evidence capture, report generation and task tracking from the field. We see ourselves as a technology company committed to making the world a safer, less dangerous place. We re focused on providing tools that help prevent violence, hold people accountable and address the complex challenges of modern society. Rick Smith, CEO and Founder of Axon When I look at Axon, I look at the future of law enforcement technology. I want a partner who I can trust who s at the forefront of building new products that are ultimately going to keep our officers safer and our community safer. That s why I choose Axon . Chief Gary Berg, Campbell (CA) Police Department Total Addressable Market Update Axon is executing on a vast and under-penetrated total addressable market (TAM), which continues to expand as we introduce new product solutions and gain traction in new customer vertic

=== [ER] edgar_0001069183-24-000055_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 axon-20241107xex991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 CONTACT Investor Relations Axon Enterprise, Inc. IR axon.com Axon reports Q3 2024 revenue of $544 million, up 32% year over year, raises outlook Axon Cloud Services revenue grows 36% to $203 million Annual recurring revenue grows 36% to $885 million Net income of $67 million supports non-GAAP net income of $113 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $145 million Raises full year revenue outlook to approximately $2.07 billion, over 32% annual growth expects full year Adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 24.6% Fellow shareholders, Axon is proud to report strong third quarter results and raise our outlook for the remainder of the year once again. Robust demand for our products and services remains driven by our innovative product leadership and deep customer relationships. We delivered over 30% annual revenue growth in each of the first three quarters of 2024, marking our 11th consecutive quarter of growth above 25%, achieved third quarter net income margin of 12.3%, and Adjusted EBITDA margin of 26.7% our highest in over three years. TASER revenue of $222 million grew 36% year over year, driven by demand for TASER 10 and associated cartridges and services. Axon Cloud Services revenue of $203 million, grew 36% year over year. Strength in Axon Cloud Services was driven by new customer adoption of Axon Evidence and continued expansion with our existing customers, supporting increased net revenue retention of 123%. Sensors Other revenue of $120 million increased 18% year over year, driven by record demand for Axon Body cameras, with more than 100,000 units shipped in the quarter. Axon s third quarter results demonstrate strong product-market fit and support our increased outlook. We expect fourth quarter revenue in the range of $560 million to $570 million, representing over 30% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. We expect fourth quarter Adjusted EBITDA in the range of $130 million to $135 million, or approximately 23.5% Adjusted EBITDA margin. Our fourth quarter guidance implies full year 2024 revenue of approximately $2.07 billion, representing over 32% annual growth and full year Adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 24.6%. We provide more detail on our product vision, most recent financial performance and improved outlook, below. Select Highlights Axon AI The AI Era Plan Axon has established itself as a leading technology vendor in public safety through our commitment to continually develop innovative solutions that enhance the customer experience with the Axon ecosystem. Axon AI further advances our leadership, featuring a suite of AI-powered products designed to increase operational efficiency, improve investigative accuracy and support proactive policing. Today, this includes Axon Auto-Transcribe, Draft One, automatic license plate reading (ALPR) and video redaction, to name a few. Beginning in Q4, our commitment has taken a new step forward with the introduction of the AI Era Plan. The AI Era Plan enables customers to subscribe to an expanding set of AI capabilities and features that further leverage our connected ecosystem as quickly as we can develop them. It provides new AI features in a subscription offering and gives customers access to unmatched value across our AI innovations by including the newest AI products we bring to market. Its exponential value is fully unlocked when combined with our officer safety plans (OSP). Draft One is one illustrative example already live and in customers hands today, utilizing real-time connected body cameras, cloud evidence management, video transcription and generative AI. Axon AI represents not just a single product, but a commitment to continuous innovation for our customers . We have developed a suite of AI-powered products and solutions designed to evolve with the demands of modern law enforcement and our portfolio is only growing. As new capabilities emerge, we intend to integrate them seamlessly into our hardware and software solutions, enhancing our customers workflows. This will enable officers to work smarter, faster, and more efficiently driving real change in public safety . Rick Smith, Axon Founder and CEO Axon believes we are most successful when we listen to our customers and seek to solve the most pertinent problems they face each day. Our development in AI is no different, and we are building this technology through deep collaboration and partnership with our customers. In October, we highlighted our vision for the AI Era Plan to more than 2,200 attendees at the 2024 International Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) Annual Conference and more than 2,000 attendees at the Association of the United States Army (AUSA) Annual Meeting. Our demonstrations featured products available today and a roadmap of additional, in-development capabilities, enabling us to gather critical feedback on where we are headed over the next 1-2 years. The rapid and accelerating pace of AI innovation also supports us planning ahead for the next 5-10 years early interest in our AI Era Plan indicates our customers are ready. Alongside Draft One, we showcased additional AI use cases including Axon Body 4 Live Translation. Axon Body 4 Live Translation utilizes Axon s cloud-connected body cameras to enable real-time translation between two speakers in over 100 languages, removing language barriers, fostering relationships and enhancing transparency. This feature is made possible through the Axon ecosystem, which connects our devices to our advanced cloud software. We expect to make Axon Body 4 Live Translation available to AI Era Plan subscribers in the first half of 2025. We are not stopping there. Our roadmap continues to expand, and our pace of innovation is accelerating. In addition to Draft One and Axon Body 4 Live translation, we previewed a suite of features in development for the AI Era Plan, including Evidence Translation, Form One, Brief One, Smart Capture, Policy Chat, and CAD Q A. We also continue to improve existing features and products, including recent enhancements to our redaction tools delivering an estimated 70% time savings from our earlier generation Redaction Assistant. We ve seen 65-75% time savings just by being able to push a button to get a transcript. Lieutenant Steve Ferrie, Rowlett Police Department ...one of the biggest, most exciting changes in technology in policing that I have seen... Chief Steve Redfearn, Boulder Police Department We spend a lot of ti

=== [ER] edgar_0001069183-24-000047_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 axon-20240806xex99d1.htm EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 CONTACT: Investor Relations Axon Enterprise, Inc. IR@axon.com Axon reports Q2 2024 revenue of $504 million, up 35% year over year, raises outlook Axon Cloud Services revenue grows 47% to $195 million Annual recurring revenue grows 44% to $850 million Net income of $41 million supports non-GAAP net income of $93 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $123 million Raises full year revenue outlook to a range of $2.00 billion to $2.05 billion, up from $1.94 billion to $1.99 billion Fellow shareholders, Axon closed the first half of 2024 with record quarterly revenue and an improved outlook for the remainder of the year. Our pipeline has grown across product categories and customer verticals, bolstered by our market-leading innovation, which we believe positions us for durable, profitable growth over the long term. Second quarter revenue growth of 35% marks our 10th consecutive quarter growing more than 25% year over year. We delivered growth with profitability, achieving second quarter net income margin of 8.1% and Adjusted EBITDA margin of 24.5%. Strength in our business continues across the board in all product categories. Axon Cloud Services revenue grew 47% year over year, driven by growing adoption of software applications from both new and existing customers, with net revenue retention of 122%. Axon Cloud software growth remains primarily driven by Axon Evidence and is further accelerated by productivity software, artificial intelligence (AI), real-time operations (RTO) and robotic security. These categories collectively drove almost half of the year over year growth in our software revenue. Sensors Other revenue grew 28% year over year, supported by strong demand for Axon Body 4, which is now our fastest adopted body camera product and has surpassed 200,000 units in the field. TASER revenue growth of 28% year over year was fueled by the continued ramp of TASER 10, which has grown sequentially each quarter since launch and has surpassed 100,000 units in the field. We continue to see expansive opportunities across our customer verticals. Increasing penetration of our Officer Safety Plan (OSP) remains a driver of growth within our U.S. state and local customer base, and more than 20% of the potential users within this cohort are now on one of our OSP offerings (1) . At the same time, we have seen strong demand from our new and emerging customer verticals, including international, U.S. federal, corrections and enterprise. Our top four TASER 10 deals have come from these verticals and each vertical grew ahead of our overall revenue in the quarter international revenue grew 49% year over year. Axon is mission-driven with a strategy to deliver the technology ecosystem for public safety. We take an innovative approach to solving problems for our customers, and our product roadmap and engagement with them builds our confidence to provide a strengthened outlook. Axon s updated guidance for the full year 2024 contemplates approximately 29.5% annual revenue growth at the midpoint, with an expanded Adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 23.1%. We provide more detail on our product vision, most recent financial performance and improved outlook below. (1) Based on a potential domestic state and local government installed base of 710,914 sworn officers, according to data from the U.S. Census Bureau s State and Local Employment Payroll Data as of May 2024. Select Highlights Axon Cloud Services Digital Evidence Management Axon Evidence, our flagship digital evidence management product, is the largest revenue contributor within Axon Cloud software. Today, Axon Evidence is used by more than 20,000 agencies, in every state within the United States and in over 90 countries worldwide. Over 2 billion evidence files have been loaded into Axon Evidence and our cloud stores more than 400 petabytes of data. Our solution has also enabled communities to upload more than 30 million files via Axon Community Request. The vast reach of our platform is used both in evidence collection and downstream analysis and review, with over 400 million pieces of evidence having been shared with our case sharing feature. Many of our product solutions include cameras or devices with integrated digital evidence management licenses, and give customers the ability to upgrade to premium options to unlock additional features and functionality. We continue to drive growth with our evidence management software by building new premium capabilities and attracting new users. In the second quarter, over half of the growth in Axon Cloud software revenue was driven by digital evidence management licenses, primarily tied to our body and in-car cameras. Productivity Software Disruptive innovation is part of Axon s DNA. When we began to drive public safety s move to the digital age with our cloud software, we also saw the potential to modernize and disrupt existing workflows to create significant productivity gains for our customers in the future. This led to our investment in a suite of productivity software applications supporting administrative tasks that demand an outsized share of our customers time. Axon productivity software encompasses Axon Records and Axon Standards, and has expanded to include several emerging AI-driven applications. Axon has been a leader in driving AI-powered technology to our customers for several years. We brought our first AI-powered product to the market in 2019 with automated video redaction. We followed shortly after with audio-to-text transcription in 2020 and AI-driven automatic license plate reading (ALPR) in 2021. This year, we took a giant leap forward with our launch of Draft One, a powerful new AI service that creates the first draft of a police report extracted directly from Axon body camera recordings. Released less than one year following the general availability of generative AI large language models, Draft One has received the best early customer feedback of any product we have introduced and supports our strategy to build for future technology. Agencies are reporting that Draft One dramatically reduces the amount of time officers spend writing police reports, with time savings in excess of 50%. Revenue from our productivity and AI product suite grew more than 70% year over year in the second quarter. Contribution from our newest AI product, Draft One, was immaterial to this growth given the timing of sales cycles and is an opportunity for con

=== [ER] edgar_0001069183-24-000029_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 axon-20240506xex99d1.htm EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 CONTACT: Investor Relations Axon Enterprise, Inc. IR@axon.com Axon reports Q1 2024 revenue of $461 million, up 34% year over year, raises outlook Axon Cloud Services revenue grows 52% to $176 million Annual recurring revenue grows 50% to $825 million Net income of $133 million supports non-GAAP net income of $89 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $109 million Raises full year revenue outlook to a range of $1.94 billion to $1.99 billion, up from $1.88 billion to $1.94 billion Fellow shareholders, Axon is pleased to report a strong start to 2024 with another quarter of impressive financial performance supporting an improved outlook for FY 2024, and continued long-term innovation that we expect will fuel our growth for years to come. First quarter revenue growth of 34% marks our 9th consecutive quarter of growth above 25%, and we delivered improved profitability with first quarter net income margin of 28.9% and Adjusted EBITDA margin of 23.6%. Axon Cloud Services revenue of $176 million grew 52% year over year, more than doubling over the last two years. Our software revenue growth is driven by both adoption of new products from our existing customers and attracting new users to our ecosystem. Our net revenue retention remains a powerful driver at 122%, and we aim to sustain robust software growth over the longer term through disruptive product innovation. This includes recently announced significant new advancements leveraging artificial intelligence ( AI ) and virtual reality ( VR ) to enhance officer training and productivity, and our planned acquisition of Dedrone, which will help make our vision for Drone as a First Responder ( DFR ) a reality. Our integrated subscription plans drive value for our customers beyond what can be achieved through disparate point solutions and our software growth is also linked to record demand for our TASER and Sensors products. TASER revenue of $179 million grew 33% year over year propelled by demand for TASER 10. Sensors Other revenue of $106 million grew 14% year over year driven by adoption of Axon Body 4. Axon s consistent growth at increasing scale is a result of execution on our strategy to build the modern technology ecosystem for public safety and trusting partnership with our customers. Their feedback energizes our teams to work on the next innovations to help drive better outcomes, and we see tailwinds across our product portfolio now and in the future. Looking ahead, we aim to deliver improved financial performance and are increasing our revenue and Adjusted EBITDA expectations for the year. We are humbled to provide this update and share more detail, below. Select Highlights Axon Week 2024 In April, we hosted our ninth annual user conference, combining our long-running Axon Accelerate and second annual TASERCON into one main event Axon Week. Our largest user conference to date welcomed over 1,400 customer attendees and featured 99 breakout sessions to demonstrate the Axon ecosystem and facilitate broader conversations about public safety. Our expanding user base was also on display, with strong attendance across emerging customer verticals for Axon. Over 20% of our customer attendees came from verticals outside of U.S. state and local law enforcement, including international, U.S. federal, justice, corrections and enterprise. Axon Week has become one of the largest user conferences in public safety and is an exciting way to bring our customers together with our teams to share ideas, and showcase the full power of the Axon ecosystem. Each year, we also use this event to introduce and highlight new products and solution applications to our customers. Our announcements from Axon Week 2024 include advancements to our VR training portfolio, an improved mobile app, and Draft One, which we explore in greater detail next in this letter. Our philosophy across all of these things is simple: Saving Seconds Saves Lives. - Rick Smith, Axon Founder and CEO Product Innovation Highlights Draft One Axon s latest AI-driven product, Draft One, is a revolutionary new software tool that drafts high-quality police report narratives in seconds based on auto-transcribed body-worn camera audio. Draft One leverages the advanced power of Generative AI and includes a range of critical safeguards, requiring every report to be reviewed and approved by a human officer, ensuring accuracy and accountability of the information before reports are submitted. We believe Draft One is a valuable tool that will drive immediate productivity gains for our customers. Reporting is a critical component of good police work; however, it has become a significant part of the job that officers commonly refer to as burdensome. Axon found that every week officers in the United States can spend about 40% of their time or 15 hours per week on what is essentially data entry. Additionally, prosecutors and defense attorneys have shared that they welcome the quality improvement of Draft One reports as they can help support and accelerate the judicial process. Draft One is the next evolution in report-writing; as significant as when law enforcement moved from the typewriter to the word processor . Captain Brian Gossard, Lafayette Indiana Police You come on this job wanting to make an impact. You don t come on this job wanting to write reports. So, this AI feature, I m super excited about it . Chief Scott Galloway, Lafayette Indiana Police My experience using Draft One really blew me away . [...] A 25 to 30 minute long report...you hit the narrative button and it cranks something out in a few seconds. Officer Nathan Stoneking, Lafayette Indiana Police With over 27 years of experience in law enforcement, I have seen technology come and go, but Draft One is one of the most exciting innovations for law enforcement I have ever seen . Sergeant Robert Younger, Fort Collins Colorado Police Services Draft One is one of many examples of Axon s commitment to innovating responsibly. Axon conducted a double-blind study to compare the quality between report narratives written with Draft One and those without. Results showed that Draft One performed equal to or better than officer-only report narratives across five dimensions, including completeness, neutrality, objectivity, terminology and coherence. In addition, we partnered with our Ethics Equity Advisory Council ( EEAC ) to rigorously evaluate word choice selection, draft quality and potential racial 

=== [ER] edgar_0001069183-24-000003_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 3 axon-20240226xex99d1.htm EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 CONTACT: Investor Relations Axon Enterprise, Inc. IR@axon.com Axon 2023 Revenue Grows 31% to $1.56 Billion Axon Cloud and Services revenue grows 52% to $561 million Annual recurring revenue grows 47% to $697 million Annual net income of $174 million supports Adjusted EBITDA of $329 million Company projects Full Year 2024 revenue of $1.88 billion to $1.94 billion, representing 20% to 24% annual growth Fellow shareholders, Axon is delighted to deliver another year of record company performance, fueled by product innovation, partnership with our customers and strong industry trends. Demand for our mission-driven product ecosystem continued to grow in the fourth quarter of 2023, and we recorded our fifth consecutive year of 25% or greater revenue growth, growing 31% year over year. We achieved this growth with a full year net income margin of 11% and Adjusted EBITDA margin of 21%. Our core measure of success as a company is progress on our mission to protect life. Our mission aligns our people, our customers and our communities. Together, we focus on solving problems with modern technology, pioneering new ways of thinking and taking new approaches to complex social dynamics, driving toward our moonshot goal to cut gun-related deaths between police and the public in half by 2033. In this first year after announcing our moonshot, we introduced new technology, new modern training capabilities and new sources of improved data and analytics. We ve laid the groundwork for the next nine years, and we are just getting started. Our mission and products have resonated with our customers and afford us a growing pipeline across our business. In 2024, Axon expects to deliver annual revenue in a range of $1.88 billion to $1.94 billion, and Adjusted EBITDA of $410 million to $430 million, reflecting more than 20% annual growth and continued Adjusted EBITDA margin expansion from the prior year. We are propelling our growth through innovation and diversification while realizing efficiencies and leverage on our business as it scales. We are humbled to enter a new year with robust expectations for each of our product categories and customer verticals. In this letter, we recap a historic 2023 for our company and provide an update on the opportunities we see ahead, our roadmap and our progress. 2023 Key Takeaways Commitment to being a Force for Good Axon s mission is embodied in our moonshot goal to cut gun-related deaths between police and the public by 50% over 10 years. 2023 was the first year in our moonshot journey, and we progressed significant advancements to help us achieve this goal, including introducing technology, new ways of training, and optimized data collection and reporting with the Axon Public Safety Gun Fatality Database. We also published our Force For Good report in November, a bi-annual update on our progress in the areas of Corporate Social Responsibility. In addition, we summarize 5 Giant Leaps