=== NFLX_2026-01-23.htm.gz ===
Item 1A: Risk Factors section set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to revise or publicly release any revision to any such forward-looking statement, except as may otherwise be required by law. Item 1. Business ABOUT US Netflix, Inc. ( Netflix , the Company , registrant , we , or us ) is one of the world s leading entertainment services offering TV series, films, games and live programming across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time. Our core strategy is to grow our business globally within the parameters of our operating margin target. We strive to continuously improve our members' experience by offering compelling content that delights them and attracts new members. We aim to offer a range of pricing plans, including our ad-supported subscription plan, to meet a variety of consumer needs. We seek to drive conversation around our content to further enhance member joy, and we are continuously enhancing our user interface to help our members more easily choose content that they will find enjoyable. BUSINESS SEGMENTS We operate as one operating segment. Our revenues are primarily derived from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our members. See Note 13, Segment and Geographic Information , in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail. COMPETITION The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete with a broad set of activities for consumers leisure time, including other entertainment video providers, such as linear television, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers, open content platform providers, which provide access to user-generated and professionally produced content, as well as more broadly against other sources of entertainment, such as social media, that our members could choose in their moments of free time. We also compete against entertainment video providers and content producers in obtaining content for our service, both for licensed content and for original content projects. While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of free time. We have often referred to this choice as our objective of winning moments of truth. In attempting to win these moments of truth with our members, we seek to continually improve our service, including both our technology and our content offerings. 1 Table of Contents INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes, the content we produce and distribute through our service, and the consumer products and experiences based thereon. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and marketing our service. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights, including distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes. REGULATION The media landscape and the internet delivery of content have seen growing regulatory action. Historically, media has been highly regulated in many countries. We are seeing some of these legacy regulatory frameworks be updated and expanded to address services like ours. In particular, we are seeing some countries update their cultural support legislation to include services like Netflix. This includes investment obligations, levies, and content catalog quotas. Some even restrict the extent of ownership rights we can have both in our service and in our content. In certain countries, regulators are also looking at restrictions that could require formal reviews of and/or adjustments to content that appears on our service in their country. In general these regulations impact all services and may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive as to the content offerings we may provide. HUMAN CAPITAL Our business is to entertain the world across different countries, cultures, languages and tastes. To entertain an audience this global, our Company needs to reflect the world and the variety of stories we tell. To help ensure our workforce is representative of the members we serve, we employ people in multiple countries around the world and work to maintain a global culture of inclusion. We view our employees and our culture as key to our success. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 16,000 full-time employees. Of these, approximately 10,900 (68%) were located in the United States and Canada, 2,500 (16%) in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 1,900 (12%) in Asia-Pacific and 700 (4%) in Latin America. We also have a number of employees engaged in content production, some of whom are part-time or temporary, and whose numbers fluctuate throughout the year and may be covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe an important component of our success is our company culture as detailed in the Netflix Culture Memo , which was updated in 2024. Our culture is focused on excellence and creating an environment where talented people can thrive lifting ourselves, each other and our audiences higher and higher. We engage employees and seek feedback through regular town halls, surveys, business reviews and memos, which we often share broadly, inviting comments. We aim to attract and retain great people representing a broad array of perspectives and skills to work together as a dream team. For more people and cultures to see themselves reflected on screen, it is important that our employee base represents the communities we serve. We aim generally to pay our employees at their personal top of market, and they generally are able to choose the form of their compensation between cash and stock options. This permits employee compensation to be highly personalized and reflective of each employee's individual needs and preferences. We conduct pay equity analyses at least annually, and have adopted practices to help ensure that employees from underrepresented groups are not being underpaid based on gender identity (globally) and race or ethnicity (United States ( U.S. )) relative to others doing the same or similar work under comparable circumstances. We aim to rectify any pay gaps that we find through this analysis. We care about the health and well-being of our employees and their families and provide a variety of benefit programs based on region, including health benefits. In the U.S., employees generally receive an annual cash health benefit allowance that they may allocate to medical, dental and vision premiums in a way that makes sense for them. Employees have access to a host of other benefits, including mental health, childcare, family planning and a company match for charitable donations. We believe that our approach to human capital resources has been instrumental in our growth, and has made Netflix a desirable destination for employees. OTHER INFORMATION We maintain a website at www.netflix.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge on our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 2 Table of Contents Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and other information to our investors using our investor relations website ( ir.netflix.net ), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media and blogs to communicate with our members and the public about our company, our services and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor relations website. 3 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. We must continually add new members both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. Our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling content choices that keep our members engaged with our service, effectively drive conversation around our content and service, as well as provide a quality experience for choosing and enjoying TV series, films and games. Our penetration and growth rates have fluctuated and vary across the jurisdictions where we provide our service. In countries where we have been operating for many years or where we are highly penetrated, our membership growth is slower than in newer or less penetrated countries. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. Competitors include other entertainment video providers, such as linear television, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers, open content platform providers, which provide access to user-generated and professionally produced content, as well as more broadly against other sources of entertainment, such as social media, that our members could choose in their moments of free time. Members cancel our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, that they need to cut household expenses, dissatisfaction with content, including any advertisements that may appear on our service, a preference for competitive services and customer service issues that they believe are not satisfactorily resolved. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including as a result of inflation, may also adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that our content costs are largely fixed in nature, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues, including by adjusting membership pricing, commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in providing compelling content, retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected. If we do not continuously provide value to our members, including making improvements to our service in a manner that is favorably received by them, our revenue, results of operations and business will be adversely affected. If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust existing features, adjust pricing or service offerings, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain members, and accordingly, our revenue and results of operations may be adversely affected. We expanded our entertainment video offering to include games and live programming. If our efforts to sustain and improve our existing TV and film offering, as well as develop and expand our video entertainment options, are not done in a manner valued by our current and future members, our ability to attract and retain members may be negatively impacted. We may also seek to extend our business into new products and services to help drive growth. For example, we continue to expand our offering of consumer products and live experiences. To the extent we cannot successfully find and develop new products, experiences and services to help drive growth, or we do not realize the expected benefits or generate additional revenue from such new products, experiences, and services, our future results of operations and growth may be adversely impacted. We have and may, from time to time, adjust our membership pricing, our membership plans, or our pricing model itself, including for example, the lower-priced ad-supported subscription plan. Similarly, we have increased enforcement of and will continue to enforce our terms of use to limit multi-household usage and shared viewing outside of a household. These and other adjustments we make may not be well-received by consumers, and could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain members, revenue and our results of operations. In addition, many of our members rejoin our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing members. If our efforts to satisfy our existing members or adjustments to our service are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected. Changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video could adversely impact our business. The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Through new and existing distribution channels, consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video. The various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, which may be bundled with other services, transactional, ad-supported and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture meaningful segments of the entertainment video market. We face competition from traditional providers of entertainment video, including broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as internet based e-commerce or entertainment video providers and platforms. Several of these competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition, exclusive rights to certain content, large content libraries, and significant financial, marketing and other resources. They may offer more compelling content or secure better terms 4 Table of Contents from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions and marketing. New entrants may enter the market or existing providers may adjust their services with unique offerings or approaches to providing entertainment video. In addition, new technological developments, including the development and use of generative AI, are rapidly evolving. If our competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies more effectively to satisfy consumer demand, our ability to compete successfully and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. Piracy also threatens to damage our business, as its fundamental proposition to consumers is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free. In light of the compelling consumer proposition, piracy services are subject to rapid global growth, and our efforts to prevent that growth may be insufficient. If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors and win moments of truth, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute. We also may face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials. We devote significant resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming. We believe that original and exclusive programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise attract and retain members. To the extent our programming does not meet our expectations, in particular, in terms of costs, viewing and popularity, our business, including our brand and results of operations may be adversely impacted. As a content producer, we are responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments, and take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk. Further, negotiations or renewals related to entertainment industry collective bargaining agreements have, and in the future, could negatively impact timing and costs associated with our productions. We contract with third parties related to the development, production, marketing and distribution of our original programming. We may face potential liability or may suffer significant losses in connection with these arrangements, including but not limited to if such third parties violate applicable law, become insolvent or engage in fraudulent behavior. To the extent we create and sell physical or digital merchandise relating to our programming, and/or license such rights to third parties, we could become subject to product liability, intellectual property or other claims related to such merchandise. We may decide to remove content from our service, not to place licensed or produced content on our service or discontinue or alter production of original content if we believe such content might not be well received by our members, is prohibited by law, or could be damaging to our brand or business. To the extent we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on or is removed from our service, or if we become liable for content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be indemnified against claims or costs of these types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims. If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. We are expanding our operations, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our services, such as introducing games and advertising on our service, as well as offering live programming and expanding our consumer products and experiences. We are also scaling our own studio operations to produce original content. As our international offering evolves, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and streaming video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features such as our ad-supported subscription plan and live programming, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party cloud computing, technology and other services. As we scale our content production, including games, and introduce new features and expand our consumer products and experience offerings, we are building out expertise in a number of disciplines, including creative, marketing, legal, finance, licensing, merchandising and other resources, which requires significant resources and management attention. Further, we may expand our content and service offerings in a manner that is not well received by consumers. As we grow our operations, we may face integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or companies we may acquire or control. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or evolving our corporate culture, as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, including any advertisements, we may not be able to attract or retain members, we may face regulatory scrutiny and our operating results may be adversely affected. We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members. To the extent our content, including any advertisements that may appear on our service, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. To the extent our content, including any advertisements, is deemed controversial or offensive by government regulators, we may face direct or indirect retaliatory action or behavior, including being 5 Table of Contents required to remove such content from our service, our entire service could be banned and/or become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny across our business and operations. We could also face consumer boycotts or cancellation campaigns, which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, to the extent our response to government action or our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. There is a focus from regulators, investors, members and other stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance ( ESG ) matters, both in the United States and internationally, including the adoption of new disclosure and regulatory frameworks. To the extent we are unable to meet regulatory or industry standards or investor expectations on ESG issues or the content we distribute and the manner in which we produce content creates ESG-related concerns, our reputation may be harmed. Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses, content, and technologies that support our business. The risks associated with such acquisitions or investments (some of which may be unforeseen) include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies; and diversion of management s time and attention, among other acquisition-related risks. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, if we do not complete an announced acquisition transaction or integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated. Acquisitions and investments may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments, and could negatively impact our financial results. See Risk Factors We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, which could adversely affect our financial position, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and other obligations, The WBD transaction may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or terms, or at all, and The WBD transaction may cause our financial results to differ from expectations, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the WBD transaction, and the WBD transaction may disrupt our current plans or operations for additional information. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. We currently offer members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-connected devices, including TVs, digital video players, TV set-top boxes and mobile devices. We have agreements with various cable, satellite and telecommunications operators to make our service available through the TV set-top boxes of these service providers, some of which compete directly with us or have investments in competing streaming content providers. In many instances, our agreements also include provisions by which the partner bills consumers directly for the Netflix service or otherwise offers services or products in connection with offering our service. If partners or other providers do a better job of connecting consumers with content they want to watch, for example through multi-service discovery interfaces (including those powered by generative AI), our service may be adversely impacted. We intend to continue to broaden our relationships with existing partners and to increase our capability to stream content and offer games to other platforms and partners over time. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, business or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely impacted. Our agreements with our partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a number of our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, which terms may include the degree of accessibility and prominence of our service. Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than Netflix and while these entities should be responsible for the devices performance, the connection between these devices and our service may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction toward us and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming functionality may require that partners update their devices, and from time to time, lead us to stop supporting the delivery of our service on certain legacy devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, or if we discontinue support for certain devices, our service and our members' use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted. We are subject to payment processing risk. Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and direct carrier and partner billing. We rely on internal systems and those of third parties to process payments. Acceptance and processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules, regulations, and industry standards, including data storage requirements, additional authentication requirements for certain payment methods, and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, changes to rules, regulations or industry standards concerning payments, loss of payment partners and/or disruptions or failures in our payment processing systems, partner systems or payment products, including products we use to update payment information, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In certain 6 Table of Contents instances, we leverage third parties such as our cable and other partners to bill members on our behalf. If these third parties become unwilling or unable to continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to transition members or otherwise find alternative methods of collecting payments, which could advers