=== NWSA_2025-10-08.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 NEWS CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time November 19, 2025, 1:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) Virtual Meeting Location The 2025 Annual Meeting (the Annual Meeting ) of News Corporation (the Company ) will be held exclusively via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NWS2025 . Record Date September 25, 2025 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT Even if you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting virtually, we encourage you to vote and submit your proxy in advance by: visiting www.proxyvote.com (common stock) or www.investorvote.com.au (CDIs) returning your signed proxy card or voting instruction form calling 1-800-690-6903 toll-free from the United States, U.S. territories and Canada (common stock only) Advance voting deadlines are noted on page 90 of the proxy statement Items to be Voted elect the six Directors identified in the attached proxy statement to the Board of Directors (the Board ) of the Company; ratify the selection of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026; consider an advisory vote to approve the compensation of the named executive officers; approve an amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to limit the liability of certain officers as permitted by law; approve an amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate the obsolete corporate opportunity waiver; approve an amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to add a federal forum selection provision for claims under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and make a clarifying change to the existing Delaware forum selection provision; and consider any other business properly brought before the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. Eligibility to Vote While all of the Company s stockholders and all holders of CHESS Depositary Interests ( CDIs ) exchangeable for shares of the Company s common stock are invited to attend and ask questions at the Annual Meeting, only stockholders of record of the Company s Class B Common Stock and holders of CDIs exchangeable for shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock at the close of business on September 25, 2025, the Record Date, are entitled to notice of, and to vote on the matters to be presented at, the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof. Holders of the Company s Class A Common Stock and holders of CDIs exchangeable for shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock are not entitled to vote on the matters to be presented at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Participating in the Annual Meeting All holders of the Company s common stock or CDIs as of the Record Date are invited to virtually attend and ask questions at the Annual Meeting. To participate, you will need the unique control number that was included in your proxy materials. If your shares of common stock are held in street name, meaning your shares are held in a brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, and your proxy materials do not include a control number, you should contact the broker, bank or other nominee that holds your shares with any questions about obtaining a control number. CDI holders should follow the instructions on page 93 of the proxy statement to obtain a control number. Class B Common Stockholders may also vote electronically during the Annual Meeting by following the instructions provided on the meeting website during the Annual Meeting. As in prior years, there will be no physical location for the Annual Meeting, and you will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. For more information, please see pages 93 - 94 of the proxy statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS By Order of the Board of Directors, Michael L. Bunder Corporate Secretary October 8, 2025 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting to be Held on November 19, 2025 The proxy statement and annual report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 are available at www.proxyvote.com . We expect to make the Notice of Internet Availability, proxy statement and form of proxy first available on or about October 8, 2025. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary 1 Proposal 1: Election of Directors 5 Corporate Governance Matters 12 Corporate Governance Policies 12 Stockholder Engagement 13 Annual Director Elections and Majority-Voting Policy 14 Director Independence 14 Independent Oversight and Executive Sessions of Independent Directors 14 Board Leadership Structure 14 Board Committees 16 Director Attendance 18 Board s Role in Strategy 19 Board Oversight of Risk 19 Related Person Transactions Policy 20 Executive Succession Planning 21 Annual Board and Committee Evaluations 21 Board Succession Planning and Director Nomination Process 21 Stockholder Recommendation of Director Candidates 22 Communicating with the Board 22 Director Compensation 23 Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Executive Directors 25 Proposal 2: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 26 Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 26 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 27 Report of the Audit Committee 28 Proposal 3: Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of the Named Executive Officers 30 Executive Officers 32 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 33 Executive Summary 33 Executive Compensation Practices 38 Named Executive Officer Compensation 39 Comparative Market Data and Industry Trends 50 Severance Arrangements 51 Stock Ownership Guidelines for Executive Officers 51 Clawback Policies 52 Securities Trading Policy and Prohibition on Hedging of News Corporation Stock 52 Equity Award Grant Practices 52 Report of the Compensation Committee 53 Risks Related to Compensation Policies and Practices 53 Executive Compensation 54 Summary Compensation Table 54 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 56 Outstanding Equity Awards Table 57 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 59 Pension Benefits Table 59 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table 60 Potential Payments upon Termination 61 Pay Ratio 72 Pay versus Performance 73 Equity Compensation Plan Information 78 Security Ownership of News Corporation 79 Proposal 4: Amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Limit the Liability of Certain Officers as Permitted by Law 81 Proposal 5: Amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Eliminate the Obsolete Corporate Opportunity Waiver 83 Proposal 6: Amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Add a Federal Forum Selection Provision for Securities Act Claims and Make a Clarifying Change to the Existing Delaware Forum Selection Provision 85 Information about the Annual Meeting 88 2025 Proxy Materials 88 Voting Instructions and Information 89 Participating in the Annual Meeting 93 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 94 Other Matters 95 Appendix A A-1 Appendix B B-1 Appendix C C-1 The Company maintains a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the Sunday nearest to June 30 in each year. Each of fiscal 2026, fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 will include or included 52 weeks. Unless otherwise noted, all references to the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026 and the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025, June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 relate to the fiscal year ending June 28, 2026 and the fiscal years ended June 29, 2025, June 30, 2024 and July 2, 2023, respectively. For convenience, the Company continues to date its financial statements as of June 30. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS This document contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 27A of the Securities Act. All statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. The words expect, will, estimate, anticipate, predict, believe, should and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things, trends affecting the Company s financial condition or results of operations and the Company s strategy and strategic initiatives. Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. More information regarding these risks and uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is set forth under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. in News Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) on August 6, 2025, and as may be updated in subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included in this document are made only as of the date of this document and the Company does not have and does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, and the Company expressly disclaims any such obligation, except as required by law or regulation. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY We provide below highlights of certain information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider before you decide how to vote. You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting. 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time: November 19, 2025 at 1:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) Virtual Meeting Location: The Annual Meeting will be held exclusively via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NWS2025 . For further information about participating in the Annual Meeting, please see Information About the Annual Meeting Participating in the Annual Meeting beginning on page 93 . Record Date: September 25, 2025 Voting: Holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to vote on the Internet at www.proxyvote.com , by telephone at 1-800-690-6903 or by completing and returning their proxy card or voting instruction form by 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) on November 18, 2025; or by participating in the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NWS2025 . Holders of Class B CDIs are entitled to vote on the Internet at www.investorvote.com.au or by completing and returning their voting instruction form by 5:00 p.m. (Australian Eastern Daylight Time) on November 14, 2025. Voting Matters Page Voting Standard Board Vote Recommendation Proposal 1: Election of Directors 5 Majority of votes cast FOR each Director nominee Proposal 2: Ratification of Selection of Ernst Young LLP as Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal 2026 26 Majority of votes cast FOR Proposal 3: Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of the Named Executive Officers 30 Majority of votes cast FOR Proposal 4: Amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Limit the Liability of Certain Officers as Permitted by Law 81 65% or more of combined voting power of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors FOR Proposal 5: Amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Eliminate the Obsolete Corporate Opportunity Waiver 83 Majority of combined voting power of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon FOR Proposal 6: Amendment to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to Add a Federal Forum Selection Provision for Securities Act Claims and Make a Clarifying Change to the Existing Delaware Forum Selection Provision 85 Majority of combined voting power of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon FOR 2025 Proxy Statement | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Fiscal 2025 Highlights Fiscal 2025 full year revenues were $8.45 billion, a 2% increase compared to $8.25 billion in the prior year, driven by the Company s core growth pillars, the Dow Jones, Digital Real Estate Services and Book Publishing segments. Net income from continuing operations of $648 million increased 71% compared to $379 million in the prior year. Total Segment EBITDA* was $1.42 billion, a 14% increase compared to $1.24 billion in the prior year. Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations increased 9% to $978 million and free cash flow* increased 6% to $571 million. In April 2025, the Company completed the sale of Foxtel Group to DAZN, which included the repayment of outstanding shareholder loans and receipt of a minority equity stake in DAZN of approximately 6%. The Company continued to execute on our $1 billion stock repurchase program, authorized in September 2021, that includes both classes of common stock. In July 2025, the Company announced that the Board authorized a new $1 billion stock repurchase program, which is in addition to the 2021 stock repurchase program, and announced an intention to accelerate the pace of repurchases. Lavanya Chandrashekar was appointed Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), effective January 1, 2025, bringing nearly 30 years of experience in international finance and investor relations. The Board thanks Susan Panuccio, whose departure comes after two successful decades at News Corp, including transformational leadership as CFO since 2017. Following David R. Kline s resignation, Julian Delany was appointed Chief Technology Officer, effective June 30, 2025. * Total Segment EBITDA and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. For information on these metrics, as defined by the Company, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures, please see pages 41 and 48, respectively, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2025 filed with the SEC on August 6, 2025. Corporate Governance Practices Annual Election of All Directors Director Overboarding Policy Majority Vote Standard and Director Resignation Policy in Uncontested Director Elections All Audit Committee Members are Audit Committee Financial Experts Independent Lead Director with Robust Responsibilities Compensation Committee Oversees Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) Succession Planning Process Key Standing Board Committees Comprised Solely of Independent Directors Robust Global Compliance Program including Compliance Steering Committee overseen by the Audit Committee Executive Sessions of Independent Directors Held at Every Regular Board Meeting Active Stockholder Engagement Program with Unaffiliated Class A and Class B Stockholders Annual Board and Committee Self-Evaluations Comprehensive Standards of Business Conduct and Statement of Corporate Governance Risk Oversight by the Board and Committees Board and Committee Oversight of Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Matters; Annual ESG Report No Stockholder Rights Plan ( poison pill ) 2 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Board of Directors (a) For more details on the Board s leadership structure, including the role and responsibilities of the independent Lead Director, see Corporate Governance Matters Board Leadership Structure beginning on page 14 . Board Qualifications and Experience 2025 Proxy Statement | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Executive Compensation Highlights We Pay for Performance We Seek to Mitigate Compensation-Related Risk Majority of our named executive officers ( NEOs ) fiscal 2025 target compensation was at risk, variable and performance-based CEO s target compensation was 84% at risk Annual compensation risk assessment No guaranteed bonuses Anti-hedging policy applicable to all Directors and employees, including the NEOs At least 70% of equity compensation and two-thirds of target annual cash incentive compensation is tied to performance against pre-established, specific, measurable financial performance targets Performance on ethics and compliance and other sustainability and corporate responsibility objectives directly impacts payout of individual qualitative portion of annual cash incentive awards as a negative-only adjustment Balanced mix of diversified long- and short-term performance metrics to incentivize and reward the achievement of multi-dimensional aspects of our operational and long-term business strategy Clawback policies triggered by certain accounting restatements and significant misconduct applicable to performance- and time-based incentive compensation granted to the NEOs and certain other employees No single trigger cash severance or automatic vesting of equity awards based solely upon a change in control of the Company Rigorous stock ownership guidelines for all NEOs and Non-Executive Directors (as defined herein) For additional information on our executive compensation, see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis , which begins on page 33 , and the Summary Compensation Table and other related tables and disclosure in Executive Compensation , which begin on page 54 . 4 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Board has nominated six Directors for election at this Annual Meeting to hold office until the next annual meeting or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. If, for any reason, any of the Director nominees become unavailable for election, the Directors may reduce the size of the Board or the proxy holders (as defined herein), to the extent permitted under SEC rules, will exercise discretion to vote for a substitute nominee proposed by the Board. The information with respect to principal occupation or employment, other affiliations and business experience was furnished to the Company by the respective Director nominees. The ages shown herein are as of October 8, 2025. Each of the Director nominees has indicated that he or she will be able to serve if elected and has agreed to do so. Approval of the election of each Director nominee requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by holders represented and entitled to vote thereon. Stockholders may vote For, Against, or Abstain with respect to each Director nominee. See Information About the Annual Meeting Voting Instructions and Information What votes are required to approve each of the proposals ? for information with respect to the effect of abstentions and broker non-votes, if any. The Board remains focused on Board composition. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly reviews and evaluates Board composition, including its size and the qualifications, skills and characteristics represented in the current Board, and makes recommendations to the Board as appropriate. 2025 Proxy Statement | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Lachlan K. Murdoch Chair Age 54 Director since: June 2013 Key Experience, Qualifications and Board Contributions Mr. L.K. Murdoch has unique and extensive knowledge of the Company, its history and its operations through serving as Co-Chair of the Company s Board since 2014 before becoming sole Chair in November 2023, and at the Company s former parent, News Corporation, having served as a Director since 1996 and in senior executive roles, including Deputy Chief Operating Officer, from 1994 to 2005. Mr. L.K. Murdoch provides the Board with invaluable insight on long-term strategic planning and execution, large-scale cost rationalization and organizational structure evaluation gained as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chair of Fox Corporation and as Executive Chairman of Fox Corporation s former parent, Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. ( 21st Century Fox ). Mr. L.K. Murdoch s executive leadership roles at a number of media companies also allow him to offer impactful guidance to the Board and leadership team on how the rapidly changing digital media landscape affects News Corp s businesses. Other Key Skill Sets Led many significant transactions, including News Corp s purchase of a controlling stake in REA Group, a leading online real estate business in Australia, which was initiated by Mr. L.K. Murdoch with an initial strategic investment of approximately $1 million and resulted in a corporate asset with a market capitalization of approximately $32 billion AUD Extensive operational, strategic and financial experience serving in several senior leadership positions within Fox Corporation, 21st Century Fox and News Corporation, including as Deputy Chief Operating Officer, with oversight of HarperCollins and the Company s Australian businesses, including REA, Chairman of News Limited (now known as News Corp Australia); Publisher of the New York Post and on the Board of Foxtel Strong leadership in developing global strategies and guiding the overall corporate agenda Employment and Other Experience 2019 Present Executive Chair, Fox Corporation (a news, sports and entertainment company) 2018 Present Chief Executive Officer, Fox Corporation 2015 2019 Executive Chairman, 21st Century Fox (a diversified global media and entertainment company) 2014 2015 Co-Chairman, 21st Century Fox 2005 Present Executive Chairman, Illyria Pty Ltd (a private company) 2009 2022 Executive Chairman, NOVA Entertainment (an Australian media company) 2012 2014 Non-Executive Chairman, Ten Network Holdings Limited (an Australian media company) 2011 2012 Acting Chief Executive Officer, Ten Network Holdings Limited 2000 2005 Deputy Chief Operating Officer, News Corporation (the Company s former parent) 1994 2005 Various roles, News Corporation Other Corporate Directorships Fox Corporation (2019 Present) 21st Century Fox (formerly News Corporation) (1996 2019) Ten Network Holdings Limited (2010 2014) 6 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Robert J. Thomson Chief Executive Age 64 Director since: June 2013 Key Experience, Qualifications and Board Contributions Mr. Thomson has been central in publishing industry efforts to negotiate fair payments from social media and other technology companies for news content that they benefit from, contributing to News Corp s historic levels of profitability since fiscal 2022. Under his management and leadership, The Wall Street Journal was consistently one of the most innovative and successful newspapers in the U.S. Mr. Thomson greatly expanded The Wall Street Journal s global reach through the digital initiatives of WSJ.com, and as Managing Editor of the U.S. edition of the Financial Times , Mr. Thomson led its drive into the U.S. market, where sales trebled during his tenure. Mr. Thomson s keen understanding of the evolving U.S. and international markets in which the Company operates and his commitment to generating high quality content make him a valuable resource for the Board. Other Key Skill Sets Extensive business, operational and international experience in the publishing industry through his career as a financial journalist, foreign correspondent and editor Demonstrated ability to deliver financial results as a leader across an array of diverse media properties with unique business models, technologies and customers Employment and Other Experience 2013 Present Chief Executive, News Corp 2008 2012 Editor-in-Chief, Dow Jones 2008 2012 Managing Editor, The Wall Street Journal 2007 2008 Publisher, Dow Jones 2002 2007 Editor, The Times of London 1998 2002 Managing Editor (U.S. edition), Financial Times 1985 1998 Various roles, Financial Times 2025 Proxy Statement | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Jos Mar a Aznar Independent Director Age 72 Director since: June 2013 Committees: Audit Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Key Experience, Qualifications and Board Contributions Mr. Aznar brings to the Board strategic planning expertise and leadership skills from his extensive experience including serving as President of Spain. Mr. Aznar provides valuable international perspective into government and public policy matters, offering unique and deep knowledge with respect to countries where the Company operates globally. Mr. Aznar brings to his role as Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair strong knowledge of corporate governance and strategy gained through his governmental and corporate board experience. Other Key Skill Sets International economic policy experience gained overseeing Spain s participation in the Eurozone, financial and risk management expertise developed as a leader at the highest levels of government and training as a public accountant Digital and technology experience from his service on the Board of Afiniti Ltd., a developer of artificial intelligence systems Employment and Other Experience 1989 Present President, Foundation for Social Studies and Analysis (a political research and educational organization focused on Spain) 2014 Present President, el Instituto Atl ntico de Gobierno (an organization for higher education that he founded) 2018 Present Special Advisor, Latham Watkins LLP (a law firm) 2004 2016 Honorific President, Partido Popular of Spain 2012 2015 Distinguished Fellow, Chair of the Atlantic Basin Initiative, School of Advanced International Studies, Johns Hopkins University 2004 2012 Distinguished Scholar in the Practice of Global Leadership, Georgetown University 2005 2006 Member, State Council of Spain 1996 2004 President of Spain 1990 2004 Executive President, Partido Popular of Spain Other Corporate Directorships Afiniti Ltd. (2016 2024) 21st Century Fox (2006 2013) 8 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Natalie Bancroft Independent Director Age 45 Director since: June 2013 Committees: Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance Key Experience, Qualifications and Board Contributions Ms. Bancroft has developed deep knowledge of strategic planning, corporate governance, management succession planning, global brands and risk management through her public company board and committee service, adding valuable perspective to the deliberations of the Board. Ms. Bancroft has served as a Director of the Company s predecessor since its acquisition of Dow Jones in 2007. Ms. Bancroft also brings experience with business development and management processes gained as a technology company founder. Other Key Skill Sets Global perspective due to her international and culturally diverse background Background in journalism and arts Employment and Other Experience 2020 2022 Co-Founder, SpoonFull LLC (a technology company focused on independent restaurant supply chains) 2019 2022 Director, California Ballet (a professional ballet company) 2016 2021 Director, Pacific Arts Society (a non-profit performing arts company) Other Corporate Directorships 21st Century Fox (2007 2013) 2025 Proxy Statement | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Ana Paula Pessoa Independent Director Age 58 Director since: June 2013 Committees: Audit Nominating and Corporate Governance Key Experience, Qualifications and Board Contributions Ms. Pessoa contributes digital and technology expertise from her leadership roles at Kunumi Inteligencia Artificial SA ( Kunumi ), a leading Brazilian artificial intelligence company, before its sale in 2024, and her leadership of and investment in technology companies. Ms. Pessoa brings to the Board strong strategic leadership, business development and financial skills, including from her roles with Kunumi and Brunswick Group and serving as Chief Financial Officer of the Olympic Games and Globo Organizations. Ms. Pessoa also has in-depth knowledge of the media industry, having gained extensive experience during her tenure at Globo with its newspaper, Internet, cable and satellite television and telecom operations. Other Key Skill Sets Risk management oversight experience specific to digital and technology-forward companies, including cybersecurity and artificial intelligence, gained through her tenure at Kunumi and other technology companies Extensive leadership, strategic planning and corporate governance experience gained through her executive leadership positions and public company board service Employment and Other Experience 2000 Present Founder and Partner, Avanti SC (a strategic planning firm) 2017 2024 Partner, Kunumi (an artificial intelligence company in Brazil) 2017 2023 Director, Kunumi 2017 2022 Chair, Kunumi 2017 2019 Chief Strategy Officer, Kunumi 2015 2017 Chief Financial Officer, 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Summer Games (Rio de Janeiro) 2012 2015 Partner, Brunswick Group (an international corporate communications firm) 2011 2015 Partner, Black-Key Participa es SA (a company investing in digital start-up companies in Brazil) 2011 2015 Partner, Neemu Internet (an e-commerce technology firm) 2001 2011 Chief Financial Officer, Globo Organizations (a media group in South America) 1993 2001 Various roles, Globo Organizations Other Corporate Directorships Cosan S.A. (2022 2025) Suzano S.A. (2019 2024) Credit Suisse Group AG (2018 2023) Vinci SA (2015 2023) 10 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Masroor Siddiqui Independent Lead Director Age 53 Director since: June 2013 Committees: Audit (Chair) Compensation (Chair) Key Experience, Qualifications and Board Contributions Mr. Siddiqui has deep expertise in finance, investment and global markets, as a result of his executive leadership roles with Naya Capital Management UK and other global investment firms. Mr. Siddiqui brings extensive experience evaluating businesses in media, technology and other industries relevant to the Company s businesses. Mr. Siddiqui provides expertise in financial oversight and accounting through his financial executive experience, enhancing the Audit Committee s oversight of risks that may arise out of financial planning and reporting. Other Key Skill Sets Extensive experience leading complex organizations on the alignment of financial and strategic objectives and an understanding of cost discipline and organizational structure through his experience as a chief executive officer Employment and Other Experience 2012 Present Chief Executive Officer, Naya Capital Management UK Limited (an investment firm that he co-founded) 2009 2011 Partner, Children s Investment Fund Management (UK) LLP (a hedge fund) 2006 2009 Managing Director, Canyon Partners (an investment firm) 2004 2006 Senior Vice President, Putnam Investments (an investment firm) FOR THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NOMINEES LISTED ABOVE. 2025 Proxy Statement | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS The Company is committed to maintaining a strong ethical culture and robust governance practices that benefit the long-term interests of stockholders. Our Board regularly reviews and updates its compliance and training programs and corporate governance policies and practices in light of stockholder feedback, changes in applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange requirements and the evolving needs of the Company s businesses. Our corporate governance practices include: Board Composition and Practices Majority of independent Directors Independent Lead Director with robust responsibilities Executive sessions of independent Directors held at every regular Board meeting Annual Board and committee self-evaluations Director overboarding policy, with which all current Board members comply Board Committees Key standing Board Committees comprised solely of independent Directors Committees authorized to retain independent advisors All Audit Committee members are audit committee financial experts Compensation Committee oversees CEO succession planning process Stockholder Rights and Engagement Annual election of all Directors Majority vote standard and Director resignation policy in uncontested Director elections Annual stockholder advisory vote to approve NEO compensation Active stockholder engagement program with our unaffiliated Class A and Class B stockholders that includes participation by independent Directors No stockholder rights plan ( poison pill ) Strategy, Risk, Compliance and Sustainability/Corporate Responsibility Oversight Board sets the strategic vision for the Company Annual review of long-term strategic plan and discussion of strategy at every regular meeting Board oversees management s identification and management of risk Involvement at both full Board and individual committee level Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of the Global Compliance Program and the activities of the Company s Compliance Steering Committee Board and its Committees oversee sustainability and corporate responsibility matters Company s goals, efforts and progress on such matters shared with stakeholders through annual ESG report Equity and Compensation Stock ownership guidelines for the NEOs and Non-Executive Directors Prohibitions on hedging Company stock by Directors and employees, including the NEOs Clawback policies triggered by certain accounting restatements and significant misconduct applicable to performance- and time-based incentive compensation granted to the NEOs and certain other employees Corporate Governance Policies The Board has adopted a Statement of Corporate Governance that sets forth the Company s corporate governance guidelines and practices. The Statement of Corporate Governance addresses, among other things, the composition and functions of the Board and its committees, Director independence, Board membership criteria, Director compensation and equity ownership requirements and management evaluation and succession. 12 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS The Board has also adopted the Standards of Business Conduct , which are applicable to all Directors, officers and employees of the Company. The Standards of Business Conduct confirm the Company s policy to conduct its affairs in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and observe the highest standards of business ethics. The Statement of Corporate Governance , the Standards of Business Conduct and each of the Board committee charters, along with other corporate governance policies, are available on the Company s website at www.newscorp.com under Corporate Governance. If the Company waives the Standards of Business Conduct or amends certain of its provisions with respect to any executive officer or Director, it will post the amendment or waiver at the same location on its website, as required by applicable rules, within four business days following the amendment or waiver. Stockholder Engagement The Board believes that continual and transparent communication with our stockholders is a key component of strong corporate governance. The Board views stockholder outreach as an area of priority and oversees the Company s engagement program, which includes a specific focus on corporate governance. Our independent Directors, including our Lead Director, also directly participate in certain engagements. In fiscal 2025, our outreach program included engagement with unaffiliated stockholders representing over 30% of the outstanding Class B Common Stock and over 60% of the outstanding Class A Common Stock. The Board strongly values the feedback our stockholders have provided on a wide range of topics, including Board oversight of our business strategy, capital allocation, capital structure, corporate governance, Board composition, management succession planning, executive compensation, sustainability and the Company s financial and operating performance. This input is shared with the Board and its relevant committees and informs the Company s strategy and policies as we seek to build long-term value for our stockholders. For example, in line with feedback received from stockholders, in fiscal 2025 the Company: focused on differentiating News Corp from some of our global peers, by emphasizing Dow Jones and, in particular, the professional information business; continued transformation of the Company to increase the mix of digital and recurring revenues; advanced content licensing partnerships, as we implemented our historic, multi-year agreement with OpenAI, and continued the embedding of artificial intelligence to support and enhance operations throughout the Company; completed the sale of Foxtel Group to DAZN, which simplifies the portfolio, enables us to focus on the core pillars and significantly improves the balance sheet; executed a seamless transition of key financial leadership; continued executing on our $1 billion stock repurchase program, authorized in 2021, that includes both classes of common stock, and in July 2025, announced a new $1 billion stock repurchase program, which is in addition to the 2021 stock repurchase program; had its credit rating upgraded to investment grade across all key credit agencies; and maintained a focus on a healthy balance sheet, strong cash generation and cost reduction initiatives. 2025 Proxy Statement | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Annual Director Elections and Majority-Voting Policy All Directors are elected annually by our stockholders. In an uncontested election, each Director must be elected by a majority of the votes cast, meaning that the number of votes cast For a Director s election must exceed the number of votes cast Against that Director s election. In a contested election, each Director will be elected by a plurality of votes cast. Under our Statement of Corporate Governance , an incumbent Director who does not receive a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election must submit his or her resignation to the Board within 10 days. Within 90 days of the date of the certification of the election results, the Board will determine, considering all factors it deems relevant (including those set forth in our Statement of Corporate Governance ), whether to accept the resignation. Director Independence Our Statement of Corporate Governance requires that the Board be comprised of a majority of independent directors in accordance with the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC ( Nasdaq ). The Board, upon the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, will review and determine the independence of each Director at least annually and at other times as appropriate. The Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances in making an independence determination as to each Director, including but not limited to any relationships and transactions between the Director (and his or her immediate family members and affiliated entities) and the Company and its affiliates. As a result of its review in August 2025, the Board affirmatively determined that Kelly Ayotte (during the period she served on the Board during fiscal 2025), Mmes. Bancroft and Pessoa and Messrs. Aznar and Siddiqui are independent under the standards set forth in Nasdaq listing rules. Independent Oversight and Executive Sessions of Independent Directors The Board believes its independent oversight function is further enhanced by our Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees being comprised entirely of independent Directors. In addition, the independent Directors of the Board generally meet in executive session without management present at every regularly scheduled Board meeting and other times as appropriate. During fiscal 2025, the independent Directors met in executive session four times. Board Leadership Structure Chair Chief Executive Independent Lead Director Lachlan K. Murdoch Robert J. Thomson Masroor Siddiqui Our Board leadership consists of our Chair, Chief Executive, independent Lead Director and strong committee chairs. Mr. Thomson, who serves as the Chief Executive and a Director, is considered an executive officer of the Company. Our Statement of Corporate Governance provides that the Board is responsible for establishing and maintaining the most effective leadership structure for the Company. To retain flexibility in carrying out this responsibility, the Board does not have a policy on whether the Chair of the Board shall be an independent member of the Board. However, if the Chair is not an independent Director, an independent Director shall be designated by a majority of the independent Directors of the Board to serve as Lead Director for a period of at least one year. Mr. Siddiqui, an independent Director, currently serves as our Lead Director. Since stepping down from the Board and as Executive Chair of the Company as of November 15, 2023, Mr. K. Rupert Murdoch has served as Chairman Emeritus. In this role, Mr. K.R. Murdoch serves as a consultant to the Board and/or committees of the Board and may attend Board and committee 14 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS meetings, although his attendance does not count for quorum purposes, he is not able to vote at meetings and he does not have any of the responsibilities or liabilities of a Director, nor any of the other rights, powers or privileges of a Director. The Board believes our current leadership structure is effective, provides independent Board leadership and serves the best interests of our stockholders at this time. The Board believes that this structure allows our Chief Executive to focus on his duties in managing the day-to-day operations of the Company, while benefiting from Mr. L.K. Murdoch s invaluable knowledge and expertise regarding the Company s businesses and strategies. In addition, the Board believes that the role of the Lead Director is structured with sufficient authority to serve as an effective counter-balance to management. Lead Director Duties and Responsibilities Presiding over all meetings of the Board at which the Chair is not present, including executive sessions of the independent Directors Calling meetings of the independent Directors, if desired Communicating to the Chair feedback from executive sessions, as appropriate Participating in the Compensation Committee s evaluation of the performance of the CEO Serving as liaison between the Chair and the independent Directors Supervising annual self-evaluations of the Directors in coordination with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Meeting with the Audit Committee and/or the Compliance Steering Committee periodically Supervising the Board s determination of the independence of its Directors Approving Board meeting agendas and information sent to the Board Ensuring availability for consultation and direct communications, if requested by major stockholders Approving meeting schedules to assure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items Masroor Siddiqui has served as Lead Director since November 2022. In recognition of his strong leadership and skills, the independent Directors re-elected Mr. Siddiqui as Lead Director in August 2025 to serve a term ending at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders or until his successor is elected and qualified. Mr. Siddiqui has performed duties beyond the required duties set forth above, which included: serving in a leadership role among the independent Directors and regularly consulting them between meetings; regularly meeting with senior management, including to report feedback from the independent Directors; and meeting with unaffiliated holders of both Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, and reporting feedback from these stockholders to the full Board. The Board reviews its leadership structure at least annually, taking into account the responsibilities of the leadership positions and the Directors qualified to hold such positions. In conducting this review, the Board considers, among other things: (i) our policies and practices that provide independent Board oversight, (ii) the effect a particular leadership structure may have on Company performance, (iii) the structure that serves the best interests of our stockholders, and (iv) any relevant legislative or regulatory developments. The Board will continue to monitor the appropriateness of this leadership structure. 2025 Proxy Statement | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Board Committees The Board has three key standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board. For more information, see Corporate Governance Policies . Audit Committee Primary Responsibilities Assist the Board in its oversight of: the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and systems of internal control, including the audits of the Company s financial statements and the integrity of its financial statements; the qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of the Company s corporate auditors and corporate audit function; the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements involving financial, accounting and internal control matters; investigations into complaints concerning financial matters; risks that may have a significant impact on the financial statements; the Global Compliance Program and the activities of the Compliance Steering Committee; the Company s policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including discussing with management the Company s major financial and cyber-related risk exposures and steps taken to monitor and control such exposures; and the review, approval and ratification of related person transactions. Financial Expertise and Independence The Board has determined that all of the members of the Audit Committee are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including the Company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement, financially sophisticated (in accordance with Nasdaq listing rules), audit committee financial experts (as defined under SEC rules) and independent (in accordance with SEC rules and Nasdaq listing rules for directors and audit committee members). Report The Report of the Audit Committee is set forth beginning on page 28 of this proxy statement. Met 7 times in fiscal 2025 Members Masroor Siddiqui (Chair) Jos Mar a Aznar Ana Paula Pessoa 16 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Compensation Committee Primary Responsibilities to review and approve goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the CEO, evaluate the performance of the CEO and recommend to the Board the compensation of the CEO; to review, in conjunction with the CEO, and approve goals and objectives relevant to the compensation, evaluate the performance and approve the compensation of the other executive officers; to consider, authorize and oversee the incentive compensation plans in which the Company s executive officers participate and the Company s equity-based plans, including the granting of awards thereunder; to review and approve equity awards and other fixed and performance-based compensation, benefits and terms of employment of the executive officers and such other senior executives as identified by the Compensation Committee; to review and approve employment and severance arrangements for executive officers, including employment, separation, change-in-control and similar agreements; to review and approve or ratify principal terms of other employment and separation arrangements that meet certain criteria (e.g., exceed certain compensation thresholds) set by the Compensation Committee; to review the recruitment, retention, compensation, termination and severance policies and other benefit plans for senior executives; to review and assist with the development of executive succession plans, to consult with the CEO regarding the selection of senior executives and to report such executive succession plans to the Board; to review annually the form and amount of compensation of Non-Executive Directors for service on the Board and its committees and to recommend changes to the Board as appropriate; to annually review the Company s compensation policies and practices for its employees to determine whether they create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company; to oversee engagement and communications with stockholders on executive compensation and human capital matters, and review and assess the results of stockholder votes on executive compensation matters, including the Company s most recent advisory vote on executive compensation; to approve the Company s clawback policies, oversee their administration and review and revise the same from time to time as appropriate; and to assist the Board, as necessary, in reviewing and assessing the Company s risks, opportunities, strategies and policies related to human capital management, including with respect to matters such as health, safety and security, workforce engagement and culture, and talent development, retention and succession planning. Independence The Board has determined that all of the members of the Compensation Committee are non-employee directors (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) and independent (in accordance with SEC rules and Nasdaq listing rules for directors and compensation committee members). Delegation Pursuant to its charter, the Compensation Committee may delegate its authority to one or more subcommittees, members of the Board or officers of the Company, to the extent permitted by law, when it deems appropriate and in the best interests of the Company. The Compensation Committee has delegated to Mr. Thomson or his designee the authority to make awards of stock-based compensation within certain prescribed limits to eligible employees and other service providers who are not Section 16 officers or Directors of the Company. Any awards made by Mr. Thomson pursuant to this authority are reported to the Compensation Committee on an annual basis. Further discussion of the processes and procedures for the consideration and determination of the compensation paid to the NEOs during fiscal 2025, including discussion of the role of compensation consultants, is found in the section titled Compensation Discussion and Analysis below. Report The Report of the Compensation Committee is set forth on page 53 of this proxy statement. Met 4 times in fiscal 2025 Members Masroor Siddiqui (Chair) Natalie Bancroft 2025 Proxy Statement | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Primary Responsibilities to develop and recommend to the Board criteria for identifying and evaluating Director candidates and periodically review these criteria; to review the qualifications of candidates for Director suggested by Board members, stockholders, management and others in accordance with criteria recommended by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and approved by the Board; to establish procedures for consideration of Board candidates recommended for the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s consideration by the Company s stockholders; to consider the performance, contributions and independence of incumbent Directors in determining whether to nominate them for re-election; to recommend to the Board a slate of nominees for election or re-election to the Board at each annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, at a special meeting of stockholders); to recommend to the Board candidates to be elected to the Board as necessary to fill vacancies and newly created directorships; to make recommendations to the Board as to determinations of Director independence; to advise and make recommendations to the Board on corporate governance matters, including with respect to stockholder engagement and stockholder proposals; to develop and recommend to the Board, in coordination with the Lead Director, an annual self-evaluation process for the Board; to monitor and evaluate the orientation and training needs of Directors and make recommendations to the Board where appropriate; to oversee a succession planning process for the Board and its committees, including as to key Board and committee leadership roles; to assist the Board, as necessary, in reviewing and assessing the Company s risks, opportunities, strategies and policies related to sustainability and corporate responsibility matters relevant to its business, to the extent not the responsibilities of other committees; and to review periodically the Company s policies and practices regarding political contributions. Independence The Board has determined that all of the members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent (in accordance with SEC rules and Nasdaq listing rules applicable to directors). Met 4 times in fiscal 2025 Members Jos Mar a Aznar (Chair) Natalie Bancroft Ana Paula Pessoa Director Attendance Our Statement of Corporate Governance provides that Directors are expected to attend meetings of the Board and meetings of the Board committees on which they serve. During fiscal 2025, the Board held eight meetings. Each of our current Directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate number of meetings of the Board and the committees of the Board on which he or she served. Directors are also encouraged to attend and participate in the Company s annual meeting of stockholders. All six of the then-serving Directors attended the annual meeting of stockholders held by the Company in November 2024. 18 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Board s Role in Strategy Our Board sets the strategic vision for the Company. As part of this process, the Board reviews the Company s long-term strategic plan at least annually and monitors implementation of the strategic plan throughout the year. The Board generally discusses strategy at every regular meeting and occasionally holds sessions devoted entirely to strategy. Board Oversight of Risk Risk management is primarily the responsibility of management; however, the Board oversees the Company s processes for identifying, assessing and managing the significant risks facing the Company. The Board regularly reviews the Company s significant risks and the responsibilities of management and the Board s committees in assisting the Board in its risk oversight. The Board does not view risk in isolation; it considers risks in making significant business decisions and as part of the Company s overall business strategy. The Board uses various means to fulfill its oversight responsibility. The Board, and its committees, as appropriate, regularly receive and discuss periodic updates from the CEO, CFO, General Counsel and other members of senior management regarding significant risks to the Company, including in connection with its annual review of the Company s business plan and its review of budgets, strategy and major transactions. These discussions include operational, strategic, legal, regulatory, financial, reputational, cybersecurity and health, safety and security risks, and the plans to address these risks. The Board also receives semi-annual reports on the Audit Committee s work to continually monitor risk described below. To assist the Board in its oversight of critical risks, the Company also undertakes a regular enterprise-wide, integrated risk assessment process culminating in semi-annual reports to the Audit Committee and the Board. The Corporate Audit Department continually monitors the risk profile of the Company and works with management at headquarters and the business units to conduct a risk assessment survey based on inputs from hundreds of employees throughout our businesses to identify, review and update an assessment of short-, intermediate- and long-term risks that the Company faces, in light of strategic priorities and industry and emerging trends. This process utilizes a heat map that consolidates key risks globally and identifies their probability and impact, and also identifies risk owners and steps taken by management to mitigate such risks based on their assessed impact and immediacy. These exercises inform the preparation of a risk-based audit plan to cover and address the effectiveness of control activities in critical areas. Each of the Board s standing committees assists the Board in overseeing the management of the Company s risks within the areas delegated to that committee and reports to the full Board as appropriate. In particular: The Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of risks that have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements and is responsible for reviewing the Company s policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and management, including discussing with management the Company s major financial and cyber-related risk exposures and the steps that have been taken to monitor and control such exposures. The Audit Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing risks related to cybersecurity, data protection and privacy. The Audit Committee generally receives reports at least quarterly from the Company s Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Security Officer, who lead our global cybersecurity organization with the support of designated business information security officers at our business units, on our cybersecurity program covering various topics, including incident reporting, review of the global cyber risk map and updates on the cybersecurity program and initiatives, employee training, technology solutions and other practices designed to minimize the risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee oversees the activities of the Company s Compliance Steering Committee, including management of the Company s Global Compliance Program. The 2025 Proxy Statement | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Compliance Steering Committee is chaired by the Chief Compliance Officer, who reports to the General Counsel, and reports to the Audit Committee at least quarterly. The Compensation Committee monitors risks associated with the design and administration of the Company s compensation programs, including an annual review and assessment of the Company s compensation programs and practices, and risks associated with human capital management matters, including with respect to health, safety and security; workforce engagement and culture; and talent development, retention and succession planning. For more information, please see Risks Related to Compensation Policies and Practices . The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees risks related to the Company s corporate governance, including the Board s continued ability to provide independent oversight of management, and risks associated with sustainability and corporate responsibility matters, to the extent not the responsibility of other committees. The Board and its committees have full access to management, as well as the ability to engage advisors. Related Person Transactions Policy Procedures for Approval of Related Person Transactions The Audit Committee has established written procedures for the review of related person transactions. Pursuant to these procedures, the Audit Committee reviews and approves, ratifies or disapproves, as appropriate, transactions, arrangements or relationships in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a participant, the aggregate amount involved exceeds $120,000 and a Director, Director emeritus, Director nominee, executive officer, 5% holder of the Company s voting stock or an immediate family member of any of the foregoing has a direct or indirect material interest. When determining whether to approve or ratify a related person transaction, the Audit Committee shall consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including, but not limited to: whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances; the business reasons for the transaction; whether the transaction would impair the independence of an independent Director; and whether the transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any Director or executive officer of the Company, taking into account the nature of the transaction and the Director or executive officer s interest in the transaction. The Audit Committee shall not approve or ratify a related person transaction unless it has determined that, upon consideration of all relevant information, the transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. No Director will participate in any discussion or approval of a related person transaction for which he or she (or an immediate family member) is a related person, except that such Director will provide all material information concerning the transaction to the Audit Committee. Certain Relationships All of the transactions described below were reviewed and approved or ratified by the Audit Committee or the Board. News Corp Australia, a division of the Company, and its subsidiaries purchase advertising on an arms-length, ordinary course basis from NOVA Entertainment ( NOVA ), in which Mr. L.K. Murdoch, Chair of the Company, holds an indirect 100% interest. In fiscal 2025, News Corp Australia s aggregate expense under such transactions was approximately $0.7 million. In addition, News Corp Australia receives advertising revenue on an arms-length, ordinary course basis from NOVA purchases and through production arrangements pursuant to which advertising revenue is shared with NOVA. In fiscal 2025, News Corp Australia s aggregate revenue under such transactions was approximately $1.8 million. During fiscal 2025, News Corp Australia, Foxtel (in which the Company owned a 65% interest until its sale in April 2025), REA Group Limited (in which the Company owns a 61.4% interest) and NOVA were holders of equity interests in ScaleUp MediaFund 3.0 Trust ( ScaleUp ), a business that provides advertising to start-up companies in exchange for equity interests in such companies. The unitholders 20 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS deed governing ScaleUp provides that over the period beginning March 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2026, News Corp Australia is to contribute up to $6,000,000 AUD and each of the other unitholders is to contribute up to $3,500,000 AUD in advertising space to ScaleUp. The selection of prospective recipient start-up companies and campaigns is determined by a board comprising one director designated by each unitholder. Investment decisions are required to be made with the unanimous approval of the board. As previously disclosed, in September 2025 certain trusts established for the benefit of certain beneficiaries of the Murdoch Family Trust (which Murdoch Family Trust held an aggregate of approximately 40.7% of the outstanding Class B Common Stock prior to the offering) completed the offering and sale of 14,071,293 shares of Class B Common Stock pursuant to a shelf registration statement, generating total gross proceeds of approximately $450 million to the selling stockholders. Executive Succession Planning Our Statement of Corporate Governance provides that the Board will review executive succession planning at least annually. The Compensation Committee, in consultation with the CEO, reviews and assists with the development of executive succession plans. The CEO provides the Compensation Committee and the Board with an assessment of members of senior management and their succession potential. The Compensation Committee reports the results of these assessments to the Board. Annual Board and Committee Evaluations The Lead Director and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are responsible for overseeing an annual self-evaluation process for the Board that includes an assessment of, among other things, the Board s maintenance and implementation of the Company s standards of conduct and corporate governance policies. The review seeks to identify specific areas, if any, in need of improvement or strengthening and culminates in a discussion by the full Board of the results and any actions to be taken. Each key standing committee of the Board evaluates its performance on an annual basis and reports to the Board on such evaluation. This year s self-evaluation process included a written questionnaire completed by each Director that covered a number of topics, including Board composition and structure, Board and committee responsibilities and effectiveness, Director engagement and performance (including individual Director performance), Board priorities and Board meetings and resources. In certain years, the process also includes individual interviews with the independent Directors. The results were discussed by the full Board, with management, and in an executive session of the independent Directors. In addition, each key standing committee conducted its own self-evaluation and reported on the same to the full Board. Board Succession Planning and Director Nomination Process Board succession planning is an important area of focus for the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly reviews and evaluates Board composition, including its size and the qualifications, skills and characteristics represented in the current Board, and makes recommendations to the Board as appropriate. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee develops criteria for filling vacant Board positions, taking into consideration such factors as it deems appropriate, including the candidate s: education and background; leadership and ability to exercise sound judgment; general business experience and familiarity with the Company s businesses and industries; and unique expertise or perspective that will be of value to the Company. Candidates should not have any interests that would materially impair their ability to exercise independent judgment or otherwise discharge the fiduciary duties of our Directors. All candidates must possess personal integrity and ethical character, and value and appreciate these qualities in others. It is expected that each Director will devote the necessary time to fulfill the duties of a Director. In this regard, the Nominating and 2025 Proxy Statement | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS Corporate Governance Committee will consider the number and nature of each Director s other commitments, including other directorships. From time to time, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may engage independent third-party search firms and consultants as appropriate to help identify, screen and evaluate potential candidates. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seeks to promote through the nomination process diversity on the Board across a mix and range of dimensions, including background, experience, expertise, perspectives and viewpoints. After completing its evaluation of a potential Director nominee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will make a recommendation to the full Board, which makes the final determination whether to nominate or appoint the Director nominee. In order to help ensure that Directors have sufficient time to fulfill their duties as a director, the Board has adopted a Director overboarding policy. Under such policy, unless approved by the Board, the Chair of the Board may not be a member of the board of directors of more than two other public companies and other members of the Board may not be a member of the board of directors of more than four other public companies. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates compliance with this policy at least annually as part of the director re-nomination process. All of the current Board members are in compliance with the Company s overboarding policy. Stockholder Recommendation of Director Candidates Stockholders may recommend Director candidates for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee by submitting their names and appropriate background and biographical information in writing to the attention of the Corporate Secretary at News Corporation, 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036. Director candidates recommended by stockholders should meet the Director qualifications set forth under the heading Board Membership Criteria in the Statement of Corporate Governance . Director candidates recommended by stockholders who meet these Director qualifications will be considered by the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, who will present the information on the candidate to the entire Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. All Director candidates recommended by stockholders will be considered by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in the same manner as any other candidate. Communicating with the Board Stockholders and other persons interested in communicating with any Director, any committee of the Board or the Board as a whole may do so by submitting such communication in writing and sending it by mail to the attention of the appropriate party or to the attention of our Lead Director at News Corporation, 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10036 or by email to LeadDirector@newscorp.com . Pursuant to the process established by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for handling all communications received by the Company and addressed to the Board, the Corporate Secretary reviews and forwards such communications as appropriate. Certain items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board (such as business solicitation or advertisements; product-related inquiries; junk mail or mass mailings; resumes or other job-related inquiries; and spam and unduly hostile, threatening, potentially illegal or similarly unsuitable communications) will not be forwarded. Concerns relating to accounting, internal controls, auditing matters or securities laws matters are immediately brought to the attention of the corporate audit department and handled in accordance with the procedures established by the Audit Committee with respect to such matters. 22 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Directors fees are not paid to Directors who are executives or employees of the Company because the responsibilities of Board membership are considered in determining compensation paid as part of their normal employment conditions. The basic fees payable to the Directors who are not executives or employees of the Company (collectively, the Non-Executive Directors ) are annually reviewed and recommended by the Compensation Committee and set by the Board. In such review, the Compensation Committee considers the appropriateness of the form and amount of Non-Executive Director compensation and makes recommendations to the Board with a view toward attracting and retaining qualified Directors. The Company believes that compensation for Non-Executive Directors should be competitive and fairly reflect the work and skills required to serve on the Board of Directors of a company of News Corporation s size and complexity. The Company also believes that Non-Executive Director compensation should include equity-based compensation in order to further align Directors interests with the long-term interests of stockholders. As part of its annual review, the Compensation Committee reviews and considers data provided by its independent compensation consultant regarding the amounts and type of compensation paid to non-management directors at the companies in the peer group used by the Compensation Committee for the assessment of executive compensation as well as general industry practices. The annual Board Deferred Stock Unit ( DSU ) Retainer and Lead Director Retainer were increased by $20,000 and $15,000, respectively, for fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024 after review of market data for the Company s executive compensation peers (see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Comparative Market Data and Industry Trends ) prepared by the Compensation Committee s independent consultant. The Committee s annual review for fiscal 2026 resulted in the determination to make no changes to Non-Executive Director compensation for fiscal 2026. During fiscal 2025, the Non-Executive Directors were Mmes. Ayotte (until November 20, 2024), Bancroft and Pessoa and Messrs. L.K. Murdoch, Aznar and Siddiqui. The annual retainers paid to Non-Executive Directors for service on the Board and its committees in fiscal 2025 are set forth in the table below. Fiscal 2025 Annual Board and Committee Retainers Board Cash Retainer $100,000 Board DSU Retainer $ 195,000 Lead Director Retainer $ 50,000 Audit Committee Chair Retainer $ 25,000 Compensation Committee Chair Retainer $ 15,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair Retainer $ 12,500 Audit Committee Member Retainer $ 15,000 Compensation Committee Member Retainer $ 10,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Member Retainer $ 10,000 2025 Proxy Statement | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION In addition to the annual cash retainers, we award our Non-Executive Directors DSUs as noted in the table above. DSUs are awarded on a quarterly basis on July 1, October 1, January 1 and April 1 of each year (or, if not a trading day, the first trading day following such date) (each, a DSU Grant Date ). The number of DSUs awarded on each DSU Grant Date is based on the closing price of the Company s Class A Common Stock on such DSU Grant Date. DSUs vest upon the earlier of (i) the July 1, October 1, January 1 or April 1 closest to the fifth anniversary of the DSU Grant Date (or, if not a trading day, the first trading day following such date) and (ii) the date of the Non-Executive Director s end of service (or, if not a trading day, the first trading day following such date), at which time DSUs will be payable in cash based on the closing price of the Company s Class A Common Stock on such vesting date. To further align the Non-Executive Directors compensation with total return to stockholders, the Non-Executive Directors receive dividend equivalents on unvested DSUs, which are represented by additional DSUs payable when the underlying award vests. In addition, all Non-Executive Directors are reimbursed for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket business expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of the Board and its committees. We may invite spouses or family members of Non-Executive Directors to attend events associated with Board meetings or other Company-related events. To the extent costs for these activities and for any other personal benefits for a Non-Executive Director exceed $10,000 for the year, they are included in the All Other Compensation column in the table below. The table below shows the total compensation paid during fiscal 2025 by the Company to each of the Non-Executive Directors who served during fiscal 2025. Director Compensation for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2025 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards (a) All Other Compensation Total Lachlan K. Murdoch $100,000 $204,065 $712,871 (b) $1,016,936 Kelly Ayotte (c) $ 52,459 $ 80,421 $ $ 132,880 Jos Mar a Aznar $ 137,500 $204,065 $ $ 341,565 Natalie Bancroft $120,000 $204,065 $ $ 324,065 Ana Paula Pessoa $125,000 $204,065 $ $ 329,065 Masroor Siddiqui (d) $ 209,212 $204,065 $ $ 413,277 (a) As the Company maintains a 52-53-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday nearest to June 30, each fiscal year may include three, four or five DSU Grant Dates. Fiscal 2025 included 52 weeks, and our Non-Executive Directors received four quarterly DSU grants during the fiscal year on July 1, 2024, October 1, 2024, January 2, 2025 and April 1, 2025. The amounts set forth in the Stock Awards column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of DSUs granted during fiscal 2025, including dividend equivalents granted on all outstanding unvested stock awards, calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718. For additional information on how we account for equity-based compensation, see Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2025 filed with the SEC on August 6, 2025. The aggregate number of equity awards outstanding as of fiscal year end for each Non-Executive Director appears in the table on page 25 . 24 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION (b) This amount reflects the incremental cost of certain security expenses provided to Mr. L.K. Murdoch, Chair of the Company. The Compensation Committee has determined that these expenses are reasonable, necessary and for the benefit of the Company and its stockholders upon consideration of the risks inherent in journalism, and the enhanced personal risk faced by the Chair given his unique public profile and prominent role in our industry and the geographies where the Company does business, as supported by the results of third-party security analyses. (c) Represents compensation for partial-year service as a Non-Executive Director; Ms. Ayotte s service as a Director ended as of November 20, 2024. (d) Reflects partial-year service as Compensation Committee Chair from November 20, 2024. Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Executive Directors Pursuant to our Statement of Corporate Governance , Non-Executive Directors are required to own equity securities of the Company (including DSUs) equal in value to at least five times the amount of the Non-Executive Director s annual cash retainer for service on the Board ( i.e. , $500,000 for fiscal 2025). Each Non-Executive Director has five years from his or her first election to the Board to comply with these guidelines. All Non-Executive Directors currently comply with the stock ownership guidelines. The following table sets forth information with respect to the aggregate outstanding equity awards at the end of fiscal 2025 held by each of the Non-Executive Directors, which comprise unvested cash-settled DSUs. Stock Awards Name Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (a) Lachlan K. Murdoch 44,225 Jos Mar a Aznar 44,225 Natalie Bancroft 44,225 Ana Paula Pessoa 44,225 Masroor Siddiqui 44,225 (a) Ms. Ayotte, whose service on the Board ended as of November 20, 2024, did not hold any unvested stock awards as of the end of fiscal 2025. 2025 Proxy Statement | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee has selected Ernst Young LLP ( E Y ) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm to audit the books and accounts of the Company for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. E Y has audited the books and records of the Company since the Company s inception in 2013. In order to provide for continuing auditor independence, the Audit Committee periodically considers whether there should be a regular rotation of our independent registered public accounting firm. Further, in connection with the mandated rotation of our independent registered public accounting firm s lead engagement partner, the Audit Committee is directly involved in the periodic selection of E Y s lead engagement partner. At this time, the Audit Committee believes that the continued retention of E Y is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, and is submitting the appointment of E Y to the stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate governance. If this appointment is not ratified by our stockholders, the Audit Committee will reconsider its decision. A representative of E Y is expected to be present at the Annual Meeting. He or she will have an opportunity to make a statement and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. Approval of the ratification of the selection of E Y as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders represented and entitled to vote thereon. Stockholders may vote For, Against, or Abstain with respect to Proposal 2. See Information About the Annual Meeting Voting Instructions and Information What votes are required to approve each of the proposals? for information with respect to the effect of abstentions and broker non-votes, if any. FOR THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF ERNST YOUNG LLP AS THE COMPANY S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING JUNE 30, 2026. Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm. Accordingly, the Audit Committee has appointed E Y to perform audit and other permissible non-audit services for the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company has formal procedures in place for the pre-approval by the Audit Committee of all services provided by E Y. These pre-approval procedures are described below under Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures . The description of the fees for the services rendered to the Company and its subsidiaries by E Y for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 is set forth below. Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Audit Fees (a) $20,886,000 $ 19,647,000 Audit-Related Fees (b) 522,000 487,000 Tax Fees (c) 2,615,000 2,597,000 All Other Fees (d) 300,000 263,200 Total Fees $24,323,000 $22,994,200 (a) Audit fees include fees rendered in connection with the annual audit of the Company s consolidated financial 26 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM statements as of and for fiscal 2025 and 2024; the audit of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024 (as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act )); statutory audits required internationally; and reviews of the Company s unaudited consolidated interim financial statements included in the Company s statutory and regulatory filings. (b) Audit-related fees relate principally to employee benefit plan audits, due diligence and attest services related to potential acquisitions and disposals, agreed-upon procedure reports, accounting consultations, reports on internal controls over certain distribution services provided to third parties and other services related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s consolidated financial statements. (c) Tax fees include fees for tax compliance and tax consultations for domestic and international operating units, including due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions, and tax valuation services, including transfer pricing and cost segregation studies. (d) All other fees comprise human capital services, including services related to global immigration, expatriate and employment taxes in Australia, and ESG pre-assessment and non-financial reporting services in Australia. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures The Audit Committee has established policies and procedures under which all audit and non-audit services performed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s policy provides for pre-approval of audit, audit-related, tax and certain other services specifically described by the Audit Committee on an annual basis. In addition, individual engagements anticipated to exceed pre-established thresholds, as well as certain other services, must be separately approved. The policy also provides that the Audit Committee can delegate pre-approval authority to any member of the Audit Committee provided that the decision to pre-approve is communicated to the full Audit Committee at its next meeting. The Audit Committee has delegated this responsibility to the Chair of the Audit Committee. Management has also implemented internal procedures to ensure compliance with this policy. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to management. As required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, all audit and non-audit services provided in fiscal 2025 and 2024 have been pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with these policies and procedures. The Audit Committee also reviewed the non-audit services provided by E Y during fiscal 2025 and 2024, and determined that the provision of such non-audit services was compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence. 2025 Proxy Statement | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The following Report of the Audit Committee shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference in any document so filed. In accordance with its written charter, the Audit Committee, which consists entirely of independent Directors under the heightened independence standards applicable to audit committee members, assists the Board in its oversight of (i) the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and systems of internal control, including the audits of the Company s financial statements and the integrity of financial statements, (ii) the qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm (E Y) and the performance of the Company s corporate auditors and corporate audit function, (iii) the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements involving financial, accounting and internal control matters, (iv) investigations into complaints concerning financial matters, (v) risks that have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements, (vi) oversight of the Company s ongoing Global Compliance Program and activities of the Company s Compliance Steering Committee and (vii) the review, approval and ratification of transactions with related persons. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee provides an avenue of communication among management, the independent registered public accounting firm, the corporate auditors and the Board. Management has the primary responsibility for the preparation of the Company s financial statements and the reporting process, including the systems of internal control over financial reporting. The independent registered public accounting firm has the responsibility for the audit of those financial statements and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee s responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes. In discharging its oversight responsibility as to the audit process, the Audit Committee (i) obtained from the independent registered public accounting firm a formal written statement describing all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm, the Company and individuals in financial reporting oversight roles at the Company that might bear on the independent registered public accounting firm s independence and affirming its independence consistent with applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ) regarding the independent accountant s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, (ii) discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm, which documented the discussion, any relationships that may impact the firm s objectivity and independence and (iii) considered whether the non-audit services provided to the Company by the independent registered public accounting firm are compatible with maintaining such firm s independence. The Audit Committee reviewed with both the independent registered public accounting firm and the corporate auditors their identification of audit risks, audit plans and audit scope. The Audit Committee discussed with management, the independent registered public accounting firm and the corporate auditors the corporate audit function s organization, responsibilities, budget and staffing. The Audit Committee also discussed and reviewed with the independent registered public accounting firm all matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB and the SEC. The Audit Committee met with each of the independent registered public accounting firm and the corporate auditors, both with management present and in private sessions without management present, to discuss and review the results of the independent registered public accounting firm s audit of the financial statements, including the independent registered public accounting firm s evaluation of the accounting principles, practices and judgments applied by management, the results of the corporate audit activities and the quality and adequacy of the Company s internal controls. The Audit Committee discussed the interim financial information contained in each of the quarterly earnings announcements with Company management and the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee also reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements of the 28 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE Company as of and for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm. At its meetings every quarter, the Audit Committee met with members of management, the independent registered public accounting firm and the corporate auditors to review the fiscal 2025 certifications provided by the CEO and the CFO under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the rules and regulations of the SEC and the overall certification process. At these meetings, management reviewed with the Audit Committee each of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act certification requirements including whether there were any (i) significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, involving management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee received reports from the Company s General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer and the corporate auditors regarding the Company s policies, processes and procedures relating to compliance with News Corporation s Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and the activities of the Company s Compliance Steering Committee. Based on the above-mentioned review and discussions with management, the independent registered public accounting firm and the corporate auditors, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the Company s audited financial statements be included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, for filing with the SEC. The Audit Committee also appointed E Y as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026, and the Board concurred in such appointment. THE AUDIT COMMITTEE: Masroor Siddiqui (Chair) Jos Mar a Aznar Ana Paula Pessoa 2025 Proxy Statement | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF THE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ) and Section 14A of the Exchange Act require that the Company provide our stockholders with the opportunity to approve, on an advisory, nonbinding basis, the compensation of our named executive officers, or NEOs, as disclosed in this proxy statement in accordance with the rules of the SEC. As described in detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis , the Compensation Committee seeks to closely align the interests of our NEOs with those of the Company s stockholders. The Company s executive compensation program is designed to drive Company performance, ensure our compensation practices support growth for stockholders and attract, retain and motivate the top executive talent necessary for the Company s success. The compensation framework designed by the Company emphasizes a pay-for-performance model, a focus on long-term growth and diversified performance metrics. The Compensation Committee believes that our compensation framework effectively aligns pay with individual and Company performance as further described beginning on page 36 under the heading Aligning Compensation with Company Performance . In addition, as described beginning on page 35 under the heading Total Direct Compensation , the compensation framework places a significant majority of the NEOs total direct compensation at risk and dependent upon performance, with a significant portion of total direct compensation tied to the Company s long-term results and future stock price performance. The Company has also implemented a number of executive compensation practices, as described on page 37 , which the Compensation Committee considers to be effective at driving performance and supporting long-term growth for our stockholders. The Board recommends that stockholders indicate their support for the Company s compensation of its NEOs. The vote on this resolution, commonly known as a say-on-pay resolution, is not intended to address any specific element of compensation but rather the overall NEO compensation program as described in this proxy statement. Although this vote is advisory and not binding on the Company or the Board, the Compensation Committee, which is responsible for developing and administering the Company s executive compensation philosophy and program, will consider the results as part of its ongoing review of the Company s executive compensation program. Accordingly, we ask our stockholders to vote to approve the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the Company s stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed in the Company s proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis , the Summary Compensation Table and the other related tables and disclosure. The Board of Directors has adopted a policy providing for annual say-on-pay advisory votes. Unless the Board of Directors modifies its policy on the frequency of holding say-on-pay advisory votes, the next say-on-pay advisory vote following the 2025 Annual Meeting will occur in 2026. 30 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF THE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Approval of the advisory vote on the approval of the compensation of the Company s named executive officers requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by holders represented and entitled to vote thereon. Stockholders may vote For, Against, or Abstain with respect to this proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on this proposal. See Information About the Annual Meeting Voting Instructions and Information What votes are required to approve each of the proposals? for information with respect to the effect of abstentions and broker non-votes, if any. FOR THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS AN ADVISORY VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. 2025 Proxy Statement | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The executive officers of the Company as of October 8, 2025 are set forth in the table below. Unless otherwise specified, each holds the office indicated until his or her successor is chosen and qualified at the regular meeting of the Board to be held following the Annual Meeting, or at another meeting of the Board as appropriate. Name Age Position with the Company Robert J. Thomson 64 Chief Executive Officer Lavanya Chandrashekar 53 Chief Financial Officer David B. Pitofsky 60 General Counsel Julian Delany 53 Chief Technology Officer Ruth Allen 47 Chief Human Resources Officer Information concerning Mr. Thomson can be found under Proposal 1: Election of Directors . Lavanya Chandrashekar Ms. Chandrashekar has served as the Company s CFO since January 1, 2025. Ms. Chandrashekar previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Diageo plc, a global beverage alcohol company, from 2021 to September 2024, after serving as Global Head of Investor Relations from 2020 to 2021 and Chief Financial Officer, Diageo North America from 2018 to 2021. She has also held senior finance positions at the Procter Gamble Company and Mondel z International, Inc. David B. Pitofsky Mr. Pitofsky has served as the Company s General Counsel since 2015. He also served as the Company s Chief Compliance Officer from 2015 to 2023. Mr. Pitofsky served as a Deputy General Counsel for the Company from 2013 until 2015 and as the Company s Deputy Chief Compliance Officer from 2013 until 2015. Mr. Pitofsky was previously a partner at Goodwin Procter LLP, a law firm, from 2005 to 2013. From 1996 to 2005, Mr. Pitofsky was an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Eastern District of New York, rising to the level of Deputy Chief of the Criminal Division. Julian Delany Mr. Delany has served as the Company s Chief Technology Officer since June 30, 2025. He most recently served as Chief Technology Officer of News Corp Australia, a division of the Company, from 2020 to June 2025. Since joining News Corp Australia in 2012, he has also served as Managing Director of the company s digital news, food and lifestyle network from 2015 to 2020 and General Manager of news.com.au, a digital-first newsroom, from 2012 to 2015. His prior experience also includes management roles at The Weather Channel. Ruth Allen Ms. Allen has served as the Company s Chief Human Resources Officer since 2022. She previously served as Chief People Officer of News Corp Australia, a division of the Company, from 2018 to 2022. Her prior experience includes roles in human resources and learning and organizational development at Origin Energy, Thiess and Telstra. 32 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This section explains the Company s compensation philosophy and summarizes the material components of our fiscal 2025 executive compensation program. Our named executive officers, or NEOs, for fiscal 2025 are: Name Title Robert J. Thomson Chief Executive Officer Lavanya Chandrashekar (a) Chief Financial Officer David B. Pitofsky General Counsel Ruth Allen Chief Human Resources Officer Susan Panuccio (b) Former Chief Financial Officer David R. Kline (c) Former Chief Technology Officer (a) Ms. Chandrashekar was appointed CFO effective January 1, 2025. (b) Ms. Panuccio served as CFO until January 1, 2025. For details, see Executive Summary Leadership Transitions below. (c) Mr. Kline served as Chief Technology Officer until June 29, 2025. Julian Delany was appointed Chief Technology Officer, effective June 30, 2025. For details, see Executive Summary Leadership Transitions below. Executive Summary Compensation Philosophy The Compensation Committee has established an executive compensation program that seeks to support the creation of long-term growth and value for our stockholders through three key objectives: Drive Company Performance Emphasizes variable, performance-based compensation Includes a balance of short- and long-term compensation elements to motivate and reward superior performance without encouraging unnecessary and excessive risk-taking Align Pay with Performance Based on a mix of performance metrics to hold executives accountable for Company and individual performance Does not guarantee incentive compensation (bonuses or equity awards); payouts are determined based on achievement of rigorous performance targets Attract, Retain and Motivate Leadership Talent Designed to be competitive to attract and retain the highest quality talent Considers compensation practices and trends in relevant industries Stockholder Feedback Informs the Executive Compensation Program The Compensation Committee highly values stockholder input and is responsible for overseeing regular engagement and communications with our stockholders regarding our executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee carefully considers and incorporates feedback from stockholders into the Committee s decision-making. The Board views stockholder engagement as an area of priority and oversees the Company s corporate governance engagement program, which includes discussion of executive compensation. In fiscal 2025, our outreach program included engagement with unaffiliated stockholders representing over 30% of the outstanding Class B Common Stock and over 60% of the outstanding Class A Common Stock. For more detail on the Company s active stockholder outreach program, please refer to Corporate Governance Matters Stockholder Engagement . 2025 Proxy Statement | 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Stockholders are invited to express their views to the Compensation Committee through the procedures described under Corporate Governance Matters Communicating with the Board . The annual say-on-pay advisory vote to approve the compensation of our NEOs also provides stockholders with an opportunity to communicate their views on our executive compensation program. At our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, stockholders demonstrated their support of our executive compensation program with approximately 93.2% of the votes cast in favor of our advisory proposal to approve the compensation of our NEOs. Upon consideration of the high percentage of votes cast in support of our say-on-pay proposal, along with additional feedback from engagement with stockholders and other considerations, the Compensation Committee determined to maintain the same general structure of our executive compensation program for fiscal 2025. Leadership Transitions Susan Panuccio departed her role as CFO on January 1, 2025, and was succeeded by Lavanya Chandrashekar. In connection with her departure, Ms. Panuccio and the Company entered into a separation agreement that provided for Ms. Panuccio s continued service as Senior Advisor through June 29, 2025, at which point her employment was terminated without cause. The separation agreement provided for the payment of those separation benefits set forth in the employment agreement between her and the Company dated May 11, 2023, except that Ms. Panuccio s fiscal 2025 annual cash incentive was calculated based on actual performance results for the fiscal year (rather than based on target performance levels). For details, see Executive Compensation Potential Payments upon Termination Departure of Susan Panuccio . In connection with Ms. Chandrashekar s appointment as CFO, she and the Company entered into an employment agreement, effective as of January 1, 2025, for a term ending on January 1, 2028. For details regarding the terms of her employment agreement, see Executive Compensation Potential Payments upon Termination Lavanya Chandrashekar . Compensation details for each NEO are more fully described in the section titled Executive Compensation. David R. Kline resigned as Chief Technology Officer to accept another role outside of the Company and left the Chief Technology Officer role effective June 29, 2025. In connection with his departure, Mr. Kline and the Company entered into a separation agreement that provided for Mr. Kline s continued service as a Senior Advisor through August 31, 2025 to assist in the transition of duties to his successor. For details, see Executive Compensation Potential Payments upon Termination Departure of David R. Kline . On June 25, 2025, the Company announced the appointment of Julian Delany as Chief Technology Officer. In connection with such appointment, Mr. Delany and the Company entered into an employment agreement, dated as of June 20, 2025 and effective as of June 30, 2025, for a term ending on June 30, 2028. Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Chief Executive Officer On June 20, 2025, the Board approved an extension of the term of the amended and restated employment agreement between the Company and Robert J. Thomson, such that the term will now expire on June 30, 2030. Mr. Thomson s base salary, target annual cash incentive and target long-term equity incentive all remained unchanged at $3,000,000, $5,000,000 and $10,500,000, respectively. For more details, see Total Direct Compensation below. 34 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Total Direct Compensation The following table presents the total direct compensation ( Total Direct Compensation ) awarded to our NEOs for fiscal 2025. Total Direct Compensation differs from the amounts reported in the Summary Compensation Table as required by the SEC, and reflects the amounts the Compensation Committee considers most relevant in assessing and determining each NEO s executive compensation opportunity for the fiscal year. Total Direct Compensation comprises the NEO s annual base salary, target performance-based annual cash incentive and target performance-based long-term equity incentive, which was awarded in fiscal 2025 as performance stock units ( PSUs ) and restricted stock units ( RSUs ). Mr. Thomson s fiscal 2025 Total Direct Compensation was approximately 84% at risk. Mr. Thomson s base salary has remained unchanged since July 2018 at $3,000,000, as has his target annual cash incentive at $5,000,000. Increases to Mr. Thomson s Total Direct Compensation from July 2018 to date have been solely in the form of his target long-term equity incentive, which is at risk for both Company financial performance and stock price; it was increased by $1,000,000, $2,000,000 and $1,500,000 for fiscal 2020, fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2025, respectively. Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement with the Company, dated June 20, 2025, at least $1,000,000 of Mr. Thomson s annual long-term equity incentive target each year is earned solely based on the Company s relative TSR performance. In setting Total Direct Compensation for the NEOs, the Board and the Compensation Committee considered competitive compensation levels and trends, the Company s recent financial performance and progress in advancing its long-term strategy, and the NEOs individual performance, leadership track record and compensation history. Named Executive Officer Base Salary Target Annual Cash Incentive Target Long-Term Equity Incentive Total Direct Compensation Robert J. Thomson $3,000,000 $5,000,000 $10,500,000 $18,500,000 Lavanya Chandrashekar (a) $ 1,400,000 $ 2,500,000 $ 2,600,000 $ 6,500,000 David B. Pitofsky $ 1,400,000 $2,000,000 $ 2,100,000 $ 5,500,000 Ruth Allen $ 825,000 $ 825,000 $ 1,000,000 $ 2,650,000 Susan Panuccio (b) $ 1,700,000 $ 2,700,000 $ 2,850,000 $ 7,250,000 David R. Kline (c) $ 1,076,400 $ 1,076,400 $ 1,000,000 $ 3,152,800 (a) Ms. Chandrashekar was appointed CFO effective January 1, 2025. This table reflects her annual base salary and target annual cash incentive, both of which were pro-rated in fiscal 2025 to reflect such effective date. Upon her appointment, Ms. Chandrashekar received a one-time long-term equity incentive grant with the target amount reflected in the table. She was not granted a fiscal 2025 long-term equity incentive award. (b) Ms. Panuccio served as CFO until January 1, 2025, before serving as a Senior Advisor to the Company until June 29, 2025. For details, see Executive Compensation Potential Payments upon Termination Departure of Susan Panuccio . (c) Mr. Kline ceased to serve as Chief Technology Officer on June 29, 2025, and served as a Senior Advisor to the Company through August 31, 2025. For details, see Executive Summary Leadership Transitions . 2025 Proxy Statement | 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Aligning Compensation with Company Performance The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company s executive compensation framework, which is designed to support Company performance, advance the execution of Company strategy and reward sustained value creation and responsible risk-taking. Fiscal 2025 performance highlights include: Fiscal 2025 full year revenues were $8.45 billion, a 2% increase compared to $8.25 billion in the prior year, driven by the Company s core growth pillars, the Dow Jones, Digital Real Estate Services and Book Publishing segments. Net income from continuing operations of $648 million increased 71% compared to $379 million in the prior year. Total Segment EBITDA* was $1.42 billion, a 14% increase compared to $1.24 billion in the prior year. Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations increased 9% to $978 million and free cash flow* increased 6% to $571 million. In April 2025, the Company completed the sale of Foxtel Group to DAZN, which included the repayment of outstanding shareholder loans and receipt of a minority equity stake in DAZN of approximately 6%. The Company continued to execute on our $1 billion stock repurchase program, authorized in September 2021, that includes both classes of common stock. In July 2025, the Company announced that the Board authorized a new $1 billion stock repurchase program, which is in addition to the 2021 stock repurchase program, and announced an intention to accelerate the pace of repurchases. Dow Jones achieved record revenues for the full year of $2.33 billion, underpinned by higher professional information business revenues driven by growth of 15% at Risk Compliance and 11% at Dow Jones Energy and higher digital circulation revenues. REA Group posted record revenues for the full year of $1.25 billion, a 12% increase compared to the prior year, driven by continued strong Australian residential performance. Book Publishing segment profitability increased 10% compared to the prior year, including a 5% increase in digital revenues driven by continued growth in audiobook sales. In conjunction with the Board s approval of the annual budget at the beginning of fiscal 2025, the Compensation Committee approved a financial target for the fiscal 2025 annual cash incentives, setting the midpoint of the target range for adjusted** Total Segment EBITDA at $1.615 billion, based on the Company s annual budget and strategic plan. The Company achieved adjusted Total Segment EBITDA of $1.754 billion, resulting in a calculated 124.2% payout of the quantitative portion of the award. The Compensation Committee also evaluated each NEO s achievements and contributions during fiscal 2025 to determine payouts of the qualitative portion of each NEO s award ranging from 120% to 160%. For the fiscal 2023-2025 PSUs, the Compensation Committee approved performance targets at the beginning of the performance period in conjunction with the Company s long-range plan, setting the midpoints of the target ranges for cumulative adjusted** earnings per share ( EPS ) and cumulative adjusted** free cash flow ( FCF ) at $3.11 and $2.778 billion, respectively, and the target for total stockholder return ( TSR ) relative to the individual companies comprising the S P 1500 Media Index at the 50th percentile. The Company achieved $2.13, $2.383 billion and the 81.9th percentile, respectively, during the performance period, resulting in a 93.8% overall payout for the fiscal 2023-2025 PSUs. For more information, please see Named Executive Officer Compensation Payout of Fiscal 2023-2025 PSUs . * Total Segment EBITDA and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. For information on these metrics, as defined by the Company, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures, please see pages 41 and 48, respectively, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2025 filed with the SEC on August 6, 2025. 36 | 2025 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ** Consistent with the framework set in advance for the annual cash incentive program and the fiscal 2023-2025 PSUs, the Compensation Committee approved adjustments to performance metric calculations for purposes of determining payouts. These adjustments can result in either increases or decreases to achieved results and are intended to ensure that award payments reflect the underlying performance of the Company s business and are not artificially inflated or deflated due to unusual events. Adjustments were made for gains or losses associated with the sale or purchase of property and/or businesses, litigation expenses, equity earnings, restructuring and impairment charges, currency fluctuations, other non-recurring or unusual items, and the tax impact and minority interest of the foregoing. The Compensation Committee reviews and approves all adjustments to ensure they are consistent with the Compensation Committee s philosophy on executive pay. NEO Compensation Program Practices The Company s executive compensation practices are designed to drive performance and support alignment with stockholders long-term interests: What We Do Majority of compensation is at risk - variable, performance-based