=== NWSA_2025-08-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. The Company does not ordinarily make projections of its future operating results and undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Readers should carefully review this document and the other documents filed by the Company with the SEC. This section should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements of News Corporation (the Consolidated Financial Statements ) and related notes set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report. BUSINESS OVERVIEW On April 2, 2025, the Company completed the sale of Foxtel. All assets and liabilities, results of operations and cash flows for Foxtel have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Upon reclassification, the Company determined that the Subscription Video Services segment was no longer a reportable segment, and the residual results of the segment were aggregated into the News Media segment. The Company s five reportable segments are described below. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 Revenues Segment EBITDA (in millions) Dow Jones $ 2,331 $ 588 Digital Real Estate Services 1,802 601 Book Publishing 2,149 296 News Media 2,170 153 Other (223) Dow Jones The Company s Dow Jones segment is a global provider of news and business information, which distributes its content and data through a variety of owned and off-platform media channels including websites, mobile apps, newspapers, newswires, newsletters, magazines, proprietary databases, live journalism, video and podcasts. This segment consists of the Dow Jones business, whose products target individual consumers and enterprise customers and include The Wall Street Journal , Barron s , MarketWatch, Investor s Business Daily , Dow Jones Risk Compliance, Dow Jones Energy, Factiva and Dow Jones Newswires. The Dow Jones segment s revenue is diversified across business-to-consumer and business-to-business subscriptions, circulation, advertising, including custom content and sponsorships, licensing fees and participation fees for its live journalism events. Advertising revenues at the Dow Jones segment are subject to seasonality, with revenues typically highest in the Company s second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season. Consumer Products Through its premier brands and authoritative journalism, the Dow Jones segment s products targeting individual consumers provide insights, research and understanding that enable consumers to stay informed and make educated financial decisions. As consumer preferences for content consumption evolve, the Dow Jones segment continues to capitalize on a variety of digital distribution platforms, technologies and business models for these products, including licensing its content for distribution on 2 Table of Contents third-party platforms, which is referred to as off-platform distribution, and for use by generative artificial intelligence ( AI ) platforms. With a focus on the financial markets, investing and other professional services, many of these products offer advertisers an attractive consumer demographic. Products targeting consumers include the following: The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) . WSJ, Dow Jones s flagship consumer product, is available online, across multiple mobile devices and in print. WSJ covers national and international news and provides analysis, commentary, reviews and opinions on a wide range of topics, including business developments and trends, economics, financial markets, investing, science and technology, lifestyle, culture, consumer products and sports. WSJ s digital products offer both free content and premium, subscription-only content and are comprised of WSJ.com, WSJ mobile products, including a responsive design website and mobile apps (WSJ Mobile), and live and on-demand video through WSJ.com and other platforms (WSJ Video), as well as podcasts. For the year ended June 30, 2025, WSJ Mobile (including WSJ.com accessed via mobile devices, as well as apps, and excluding off-platform distribution) accounted for approximately 70% of visits to WSJ s digital news and information products according to Adobe Analytics. WSJ s print products are printed at plants located around the U.S., including both owned and third-party facilities. Barron s Group . The Barron s Group focuses on Dow Jones consumer brands outside of The Wall Street Journal franchise, including Barron s and MarketWatch, among other properties. Barron s . Barron s , which is available to subscribers online, across multiple mobile devices and in print, delivers news, analysis, investigative reporting, company profiles and insightful statistics for investors and others interested in the investment world. MarketWatch . MarketWatch is an investing and financial news website targeting active investors. It also provides real-time commentary and investment tools and data. Products include mobile apps and a responsive design website, and revenue is generated through the sale of advertising, as well as its premium digital subscription service. Investor s Business Daily (IBD) . IBD provides investing content, analytical products and educational resources to subscribers online and in print, as well as through mobile apps and video. IBD s services include the Investors.com website, the MarketSurge and LeaderBoard market research and analysis tools and a weekly print publication. The Wall Street Journal Digital Network (WSJDN) . WSJDN offers advertisers the opportunity to reach Dow Jones s audience across a number of brands, including WSJ, Barron s, MarketWatch and IBD. Live Journalism . The Dow Jones segment offers a number of in-person and virtual conferences and events each year. These live journalism events offer advertisers and sponsors the opportunity to reach a select group of influential leaders from industry, finance, government and policy. Many of these programs also earn revenue from participation fees charged to attendees. The following table provides information regarding average daily subscriptions during the three months ended June 30, 2025 for certain Dow Jones segment consumer products and for all consumer subscription products: (in 000 s) The Wall Street Journal (1) Barron s Group (1)(2) Total Consumer (1)(3) Digital-only subscriptions (4)(5) 4,126 1,319 5,719 Print subscriptions (4)(5) 412 113 542 Total subscriptions (4) 4,538 1,432 6,261 ________________________ (1) Based on internal data for the period from March 31, 2025 to June 29, 2025. See Part I. Business Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics for more information. Excludes off-platform distribution, except for certain custom workflow integration products. (2) Barron s Group consists of Barron s , MarketWatch, Financial News and Private Equity News. (3) Total Consumer consists of The Wall Street Journal , Barron s Group and Investor s Business Daily . (4) Subscriptions include individual consumer subscriptions, as well as subscriptions purchased by companies, schools, businesses and associations for use by their respective employees, students, customers or members. Subscriptions exclude single-copy sales and copies purchased by hotels, airlines and other businesses for limited distribution or access to customers. (5) For some publications, including The Wall Street Journal and Barron s , the Dow Jones segment sells bundled print and digital products. For bundles that provide access to both print and digital products every day of the week, only one unit is reported each day and is designated as a print subscription. For bundled products that provide access to the print product only on specified days and full digital access, one print subscription is reported for each day that a print copy is served and one digital subscription is reported for each remaining day of the week. 3 Table of Contents The following table provides information regarding the digital platforms (excluding off-platform distribution) for certain Dow Jones segment consumer products: FY2025 Average Monthly Visits (1) FY2025 Average Monthly Unique Users (2) WSJ 129 million 34 million MarketWatch 56 million 17 million WSJDN 211 million 67 million ________________________ (1) Includes visits via websites and mobile apps based on Adobe Analytics for the 12 months ended June 30, 2025. (2) Includes aggregate unique users accessing websites and mobile apps based on Adobe Analytics for the 12 months ended June 30, 2025. See Part I. Business Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics for more information regarding the calculation of unique users. Professional Information Products The Dow Jones segment s professional information products, which target enterprise customers, combine news and information with technology and tools that inform decisions and aid awareness, research, understanding and compliance. These products consist of its Dow Jones Risk Compliance, Dow Jones Energy, Factiva and Dow Jones Newswires products. Specific products include the following: Dow Jones Risk Compliance . Dow Jones Risk Compliance products provide data and other solutions for customers focused on anti-bribery and corruption, anti-money laundering, counter terrorism financing, monitoring embargo and sanction lists, geopolitical and security risk intelligence and other risks and compliance requirements. Dow Jones s solutions allow customers to screen their business transactions and third parties against its data to identify regulatory, corporate and reputational risk, and request follow-up reports to conduct further due diligence. Products include online risk data and negative news searching tools such as RiskCenter Financial Crime Search and Advanced Screening and Monitoring for bulk screening as well as RiskCenter Trade Compliance for trade finance-related checks on dual-use or other controlled goods. RiskCenter Third Party, a solution for supplier risk assessment, provides customers with automated risk and compliance checks via questionnaires and embedded scoring. Feed services include PEPs (politically exposed persons), Sanctions, Adverse Media and other Specialist Lists. Dow Jones produces customized Due Diligence Reports to assist its customers with regulatory compliance, including IntegrityCheck, a generative AI-enabled automated report, and also publishes Risk Journal , an intelligence solution delivering expert reporting, analysis and real time alerts on global risk and compliance issues. Dow Jones Energy . Dow Jones Energy provides pricing data, news, analysis, consulting, software and events relating to energy commodities, including crude oil, refined products, petrochemicals, natural gas liquids, coal, metals, renewables, Renewable Identification Numbers and carbon credits, as well as pricing data, insights, analysis and forecasting for key base chemicals. Factiva . Factiva is a leading provider of global business content, built on an archive of important original and licensed publishing sources. Factiva offers content from approximately 33,000 global news and information sources from over 200 countries and territories and in 32 languages. This combination of business news and information, plus sophisticated tools and generative AI solutions, helps professionals find, monitor, interpret and share essential information. As of June 30, 2025, there were approximately 1.1 million activated Factiva users, including both institutional and individual accounts. Dow Jones Newswires . Dow Jones Newswires distributes real-time business news, information, analysis, commentary and statistical data to financial professionals and investors worldwide. It publishes, on average, over 17,000 news items each day, which are distributed via Dow Jones s market data platform partners, including Bloomberg, London Stock Exchange Group and FactSet, as well as trading platforms and websites reaching hundreds of thousands of financial professionals. This content reaches millions of individual investors via customer portals and the intranets of brokerage and trading firms, as well as digital media publishers. Dow Jones Newswires is also used as an input for algorithms supporting automated trading. The Dow Jones segment s businesses compete with a wide range of media and information businesses, including digital media, print publications and information services. The Dow Jones segment s consumer products, including its digital publications, newspapers, magazines, podcasts and video, compete for consumers, audience and advertising with other local and national newspapers, web and app-based media, news aggregators, customized news feeds, search engines, blogs, magazines, investment tools, social media sources, podcasts and event producers, as well as other media such as television, radio stations and outdoor displays. Competition for subscriptions and 4 Table of Contents circulation is based on news and editorial content, data and analytics content in research tools, subscription pricing, the usefulness and popularity of its digital products, cover price and, from time to time, various promotions. Competition for advertising is based upon advertisers judgments as to the most effective media for their advertising budgets, which is in turn based upon various factors, including circulation volume, readership levels, audience demographics, advertising rates, advertising effectiveness and brand strength and reputation. As a result of rapidly changing and evolving technologies (including developments in AI, particularly generative AI), distribution platforms and business models, and corresponding changes in consumer behavior, the consumer-focused businesses within the Dow Jones segment continue to face increasing competition for both circulation and advertising revenue, including from a variety of alternative news and information sources, programmatic advertising buying channels and AI aggregators and other emerging technology platforms. Shifts in consumer behavior require the Company to continually innovate and improve upon its own products, services and platforms in order to remain competitive. The Company believes that these changes will continue to pose opportunities and challenges, and that it is well positioned to leverage its global reach, brand recognition and proprietary technology to take advantage of the opportunities presented by these changes. The Dow Jones segment s professional information products that target enterprise customers compete with various information service providers, compliance data providers, global financial newswires and energy and commodities pricing and data providers, including Reuters News, RELX (including LexisNexis and ICIS), Refinitiv, S P Global, DTN and Argus Media, as well as many other providers of news, information and compliance data. The professional information business also faces increasing competition from a variety of AI-powered platforms and services. Digital Real Estate Services The Company s Digital Real Estate Services segment consists of its 61.4% interest in REA Group, a publicly-traded company listed on ASX (ASX: REA), and its 80% interest in Move. The remaining 20% interest in Move is held by REA Group. REA Group REA Group is a market-leading digital media business specializing in property, with operations focused on property and property-related advertising and services, as well as financial services. Property and Property-Related Advertising and Services REA Group advertises property and property-related services on its websites and mobile apps across Australia, including leading residential, commercial and share property websites realestate.com.au, realcommercial.com.au and Flatmates.com.au, as well as property research site property.com.au. For the year ended June 30, 2025, average monthly visits to realestate.com.au were 132.2 million, with 12.1 million people visiting each month on average, according to Ipsos iris data. Australians visited realestate.com.au 4.0 times more on average than the nearest competitor during the year ended June 30, 2025. Realcommercial.com.au had 1.9 million people visit each month on average for the year ended June 30, 2025, 3.0 times more than the nearest competitor, based on Ipsos iris data. REA Group s other Australian property and property-related advertising and services include media display advertising and data services for markets adjacent to property. Realestate.com.au and realcommercial.com.au derive the majority of their revenue from their core property advertising listing products and monthly advertising subscriptions from real estate agents and property developers. Realestate.com.au and realcommercial.com.au offer a product hierarchy which enables real estate agents and property developers to upgrade listing advertisements to increase their prominence on the site, as well as a variety of targeted products, including media display advertising products. Flatmates.com.au derives the majority of its revenue from advertising listing products and membership fees. The media business offers unique advertising opportunities on REA Group s websites to property developers and other relevant markets, including utilities and telecommunications, insurance, finance, automotive and retail. REA Group also provides residential property data services to the financial sector through its PropTrack data services business, primarily on a monthly subscription basis. REA Group s international operations consist primarily of its 78.0% interest in REA India, a leading digital real estate services provider in India (News Corp holds a 22.0% interest in REA India). REA Group s other assets include a 20% interest in Move, as referenced above. REA Group s businesses outside Australia derive the majority of their revenue from their property advertising listing products and monthly advertising subscriptions from real estate agents and property developers. 5 Table of Contents Financial Services REA Group s financial services business encompasses a digital property search and financing experience and mortgage broking services under its Mortgage Choice brand. REA Group has continued to execute on its financial services strategy by improving broker productivity and increasing penetration of Mortgage Choice white label products, supported by REA Group s partnership with digital lender Athena Home Loans. The financial services business generates revenue primarily through commissions from lenders. Move Move is a leading provider of digital real estate services in the U.S. Move primarily operates Realtor.com , a premier real estate information, advertising and services platform, under a perpetual agreement and trademark license with the National Association of Realtors ( NAR ). Through Realtor.com , consumers have access to approximately 151 million properties across the U.S., including an extensive collection of homes, properties and apartments listed and displayed for sale or for rent and a large database of off-market properties. Realtor.com and its related mobile apps display nearly 100% of all Multiple Listing Services ( MLS )-listed, for-sale and rental properties in the U.S., which are primarily sourced directly from relationships with MLSs across the country. Realtor.com also sources new construction and rental listing content from a variety of sources, including directly from homebuilders and landlords, as well as from listing aggregators. Approximately 94% of its for-sale listings are updated at least every 10 minutes, on average, with the remaining listings updated at least daily. Realtor.com s content attracts a large and highly engaged consumer audience. Realtor.com and its mobile sites had approximately 72 million average monthly unique users during the quarter ended June 30, 2025 based on internal data and methodologies, which may differ from those used by third parties or competitors. See Part I. Business Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics. Realtor.com generates the majority of its revenues through the sale of listing advertisement and lead generation products, including its RealPRO Select SM (formerly Market VIP SM ), Connections SM Plus and Listing Toolkit products, as well as its referral-based services, ReadyConnect Concierge SM and RealChoice TM Selling. Listing advertisement and lead generation products allow real estate agents, brokers and homebuilders to enhance, prioritize and connect with consumers on for-sale property listings within the Realtor.com website and mobile apps. Listing advertisement and lead generation products are typically sold on a subscription basis. The real estate referral-based business model, as well as the RealPRO Select SM lead generation product, leverage Move s proprietary technology and platform to connect real estate professionals and other service providers, such as lenders and insurance companies, to pre-vetted consumers who have submitted inquiries via the Realtor.com website and mobile apps, as well as other online sources. The real estate referral-based services that connect real estate agents and brokers with these consumers typically generate fees upon completion of the associated real estate transaction, while the referral-based services that give other service providers, including lenders and insurance companies, access to the same highly qualified consumers are generally provided on a subscription basis. Realtor.com also derives revenue from sales of non-listing advertisement, or Media, products to real estate, finance, insurance, home improvement and other professionals that enable those professionals to connect with Realtor.com s highly engaged and valuable consumer audience. Media products include sponsorships, display advertisements, text links, directories and other advertising and lead generation services. Non-listing advertisement pricing models include cost per thousand, cost per click, cost per unique user and subscription-based sponsorships of specific content areas or targeted geographies. In addition to Realtor.com , Move also offers online tools and services to do-it-yourself landlords and tenants through Avail, a platform that improves the renting experience with online tools, educational content and world-class support. Avail employs a variety of pricing models, including subscription fees, as well as fixed- or variable-pricing models. The Company s digital real estate services businesses operate in highly competitive markets that are evolving rapidly in response to new technologies, business models and practices, product and service offerings and changing consumer and customer preferences. The success of these businesses depends on their ability to provide products and services that are useful for consumers, real estate, mortgage and other related services professionals, homebuilders and landlords and attractive to their advertisers, the breadth, depth and accuracy of information they provide and brand awareness and reputation. These businesses compete primarily with companies that provide real-estate focused technology, products and services in their respective geographic markets, including other real estate and property websites and apps in Australia, the U.S. and India. Book Publishing The Company s Book Publishing segment consists of HarperCollins, the second largest consumer book publisher in the world based on global revenue, with operations in 15 countries. HarperCollins publishes and distributes consumer books globally through print and digital formats. Its digital formats include e-books and downloadable and streaming audiobooks for a variety of 6 Table of Contents mobile and home devices. HarperCollins owns more than 120 branded imprints, including Harper, William Morrow, Mariner, HarperCollins Children s Books, Avon, Harlequin and Christian publishers Zondervan and Thomas Nelson. HarperCollins publishes works by well-known authors such as Harper Lee, George Orwell, Agatha Christie and Zora Neale Hurston, as well as global author brands including J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Daniel Silva, Karin Slaughter and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. It is home to many beloved children s books and series, including Goodnight Moon , Curious George , Little Blue Truck and Pete the Cat . HarperCollins has a significant Christian publishing business, which includes the NIV Bible, Jesus Calling and author Max Lucado. HarperCollins print and digital global catalog includes more than 250,000 publications in different formats, in 16 languages, and it licenses rights for its authors works to be published in more than 50 languages around the world. HarperCollins publishes fiction and nonfiction, with a focus on general, children s and religious content. HarperCollins also publishes titles for the equivalent of the K-12 educational market in the U.K. and India. As of June 30, 2025, HarperCollins offered approximately 150,000 publications in digital formats, and nearly all of HarperCollins new titles, as well as the majority of its entire catalog, are available as e-books and digital audiobooks. Digital sales, comprising revenues generated through the sale of e-books and downloadable and streaming audiobooks, represented approximately 24% of global consumer revenues for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. During fiscal 2025, HarperCollins U.S. had 164 titles on the New York Times print and digital bestseller lists, with 19 titles hitting number one, including Cher: The Memoir Part One by Cher, Hillbilly Elegy by J.D. Vance, Wicked by Gregory Maguire, Watch Me by Tahereh Mafi, A Death in Cornwall by Daniel Silva, Little Blue Truck and Racer Red by Alice Schertle, A Study in Drowning by Ava Reid, The Strawberry Patch Pancake House by Laurie Gilmore, Fight by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes, Mostly What God Does is Love You by Savannah Guthrie, Imminent by Luis Elizondo, Under His Wings by Emily Compagno, Fahrenheit-182 by Mark Hoppus with Dan Ozzi, Seven Things You Can t Say About China by Tom Cotton, Shameless by Brian Tyler Cohen, A Long Walk to Water by Linda Sue Park, The Best Christmas Pageant Ever by Barbara Robinson and You Can Be a Good Friend (No Matter What!) by Taraji P. Henson. HarperCollins derives its revenue from the sale and licensing of print and digital books to a customer base that includes global technology companies, traditional brick and mortar booksellers, wholesale clubs and discount stores, including Amazon, Apple, Barnes Noble and Tesco. Revenues at the Book Publishing segment are significantly affected by the timing of releases and the number of HarperCollins books in the marketplace and are typically highest during the Company s second fiscal quarter due to increased demand during the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. The book publishing business operates in a highly competitive market that is quickly changing and continues to see technological innovations. HarperCollins competes with other large publishers, such as Penguin Random House, Simon Schuster, Hachette Livre and Macmillan, as well as with numerous smaller publishers, for the rights to works by well-known authors and public personalities; competition could also come from new entrants as barriers to entry in book publishing are low. In addition, HarperCollins competes for consumers with other media formats and sources such as movies, television programming, magazines and mobile content. The Company believes HarperCollins is well positioned in the evolving book publishing market with significant size and brand recognition across multiple categories and geographies. News Media The Company s News Media segment consists primarily of News Corp Australia, News UK and the New York Post . This segment also includes Wireless Group, operator of talkSPORT, the leading sports radio network in the U.K., and Virgin Radio, Talk in the U.K., which is available on multiple digital streaming platforms, Australian News Channel, which operates the Sky News Australia network, Australia s 24-hour multi-channel, multi-platform news service, and Storyful, a social media content agency that enables the Company to source real-time video content through social media platforms. The News Media segment generates revenue primarily through circulation and subscription sales of its print and digital products, sales of print and digital advertising and licensing fees. Advertising revenues at the News Media segment are subject to seasonality, with revenues typically highest in the Company s second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. News Corp Australia News Corp Australia is one of the leading news and information providers in Australia by readership, with both digital and print mastheads covering a national, regional and suburban footprint. Its digital mastheads are among the leading digital news properties in Australia based on monthly unique audience data and had approximately 993,000 aggregate digital closing subscribers as of June 30, 2025. In addition, its Monday to Friday, Saturday and Sunday, weekly and bi-weekly newspapers were read by 4.6 million Australians on average every week based on Roy Morgan data for the year ended March 31, 2025. 7 Table of Contents News Corp Australia s news portfolio includes The Australian and The Weekend Australian (National), The Daily Telegraph and The Sunday Telegraph (Sydney), Herald Sun and Sunday Herald Sun (Melbourne), The Courier Mail and The Sunday Mail (Brisbane) and The Advertiser and Sunday Mail (Adelaide), as well as paid digital platforms for each. In addition, News Corp Australia owns leading regional publications in Geelong, Cairns, Townsville, Gold Coast and Darwin and a small number of community mastheads. The following table provides information regarding key properties within News Corp Australia s portfolio: Total Paid Subscribers for Combined Masthead (Print and Digital) (1) Total Monthly Audience for Combined Masthead (Print and Digital) (2) The Australian 335,903 4.8 million The Daily Telegraph 151,336 4.6 million Herald Sun 153,983 4.8 million The Courier Mail 144,044 3.7 million The Advertiser 106,696 2.2 million ________________________ (1) As of June 30, 2025, based on internal sources. See Part I. Business Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics for more information. (2) Based on Roy Morgan Single Source Australia; Apr 2024 Mar 2025; P14+ average monthly print readership data for the year ended March 31, 2025. News Corp Australia s broad portfolio of digital properties also includes news.com.au, one of the leading general interest sites in Australia that provides breaking news, finance, entertainment, lifestyle, technology and sports news and delivers an average monthly unique audience of approximately 12.0 million based on Ipsos iris monthly total audience ratings for the year ended June 30, 2025. In addition, News Corp Australia owns other premier digital properties such as taste.com.au, a leading food and recipe site, and kidspot.com.au, a leading parenting site, as well as various other digital media assets. As of June 30, 2025, News Corp Australia s other assets included a 13.0% interest in ARN Media Limited, which operates a portfolio of Australian radio media assets, and a 27.9% interest in Hipages Group Holdings Ltd, which operates a leading on-demand home improvement services marketplace. News UK News UK publishes The Sun , The Sun on Sunday , The Times and The Sunday Times, which are leading newspapers in the U.K. that together accounted for approximately one-third of all national newspaper sales as of June 30, 2025. The Sun is the most read news brand in the U.K., and The Times and The Sunday Times are the most read national newspapers in the U.K. quality market. News UK also distributes content through its digital platforms, including its websites, thesun.co.uk, the-sun.com and thetimes.com, as well as mobile apps. Together, across print and digital, these brands reach approximately 60% of adult news readers in the U.K., or approximately 27 million people, based on the PAMCo data referenced below. News UK s print products are printed at facilities in England and Scotland operated by its joint venture with DMG Media. In addition to its news businesses, News UK has assembled a portfolio of complementary ancillary product offerings, including betting and gaming products. The following table provides information regarding News UK s news portfolio: Print Average Issue Readership (1) Paid Subscribers (2) Monthly Global Unique Users (4) The Sun (Mon Sat) 1,597,000 N/A 87 million The Sun on Sunday 1,655,000 N/A The Times (Mon Sat) 605,000 97,000 (print) (3) 640,000 (digital) N/A The Sunday Times 1,113,000 85,000 (print) (3) 640,000 (digital) N/A ________________________ (1) Based on Publishers Audience Measurement Company ( PAMCo ) H1 2025: Dec 2022 - Dec 2024 print data fused with Nov 2024 Ipsos iris data. (2) As of June 30, 2025, based on internal sources and including subscribers to the Times Literary Supplement ( TLS ). Total subscribers across The Times and The Sunday Times , including TLS, as of June 30, 2025 was 740,000, including 640,000 closing digital subscribers. Total figures are de-duplicated for subscribers who receive a print product every day of the week. See Part I. Business Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics for more information. (3) In addition to their print and digital-only products, The Times and The Sunday Times sell print and digital products bundled into one subscription. For bundled products that provide access to both print and digital products every day of the week, only one subscriber is reported as of June 30, 2025 and is designated as a print subscriber. For bundled products that provide access to the print product only on specified days and full digital access, a fraction 8 Table of Contents equal to the number of days that a print copy is served relative to the total days in the week is reported as a print subscriber as of June 30, 2025 and a fraction equal to the number of remaining days of the week, when only a digital copy is served, relative to the total days in the week is reported as a digital subscriber. (4) Includes aggregate unique users accessing thesun.co.uk, the-sun.com and other associated websites and mobile apps based on Meta Pixel data for the month ended June 30, 2025. See Part I. Business Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics. New York Post NYP Holdings is the publisher of the New York Post (the Post ), NYPost.com, PageSix.com, Decider.com and related mobile apps and social media channels. The Post is the oldest continuously published daily newspaper in the U.S., with a focus on coverage of the New York metropolitan area. The Post provides a variety of general interest content ranging from breaking news to business analysis, and is known in particular for its comprehensive sports coverage, famous headlines and its iconic Page Six section, an authority on celebrity news. The print version of the Post is primarily distributed in New York, as well as throughout the Northeast, Florida and California. For the three months ended June 30, 2025, average weekday circulation based on internal sources, including mobile app digital editions, was 498,984. In addition, the Post Digital Network, which includes NYPost.com, PageSix.com and Decider.com, averaged approximately 89.2 million unique users per month during the quarter ended June 30, 2025 according to Google Analytics. See Part I. Business Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics for information regarding the calculation of unique users. The News Media segment s newspapers, magazines, digital publications, radio stations, broadcast and streaming channels and podcasts generally face competition from similar sources, and compete on similar bases, as the consumer products within the Dow Jones segment, particularly in their respective operating geographies. See Item 1. Business Business Overview Dow Jones above for further information. Other The Other segment includes the Company s general corporate overhead expenses, strategy costs and costs related to the U.K. Newspaper Matters. Governmental Regulation General Various aspects of the Company s activities are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world. The introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the Company s products and services are produced or distributed, and changes in existing laws and regulations in those countries or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, could have a negative impact on the Company s interests. Benchmark Regulation In connection with Dow Jones Energy s OPIS business, the Company has established its own benchmark administrator, OPIS Benchmark Administration B.V. (the Administrator ), organized in the Netherlands and authorized under the EU Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU BMR ) by the Netherlands Authority for Financial Markets (the AFM ). The Administrator oversees compliance with principles, policies and procedures governing conflicts of interest, complaints handling, input data, benchmark methodologies and other matters for any price assessments and benchmarks under its administration. The Administrator has published on its website policies and other materials governing such administration, including a benchmark statement as well as policies and procedures concerning methodologies, complaints, corrections and material changes. The Administrator currently oversees two OPIS price assessments, which are not presently used as a reference for trading on a European Union ( E.U. ) exchange and consequently are not benchmarks within the meaning of the EU BMR and not subject to supervision by the AFM. The OPIS business has also aligned its oil and commodities price reporting, including the two price assessments currently administered by the Administrator, with the International Organisation of Securities Commission s ( IOSCO s ) Principles for Oil Reporting Agencies, which are intended to enhance the reliability of oil and commodity price assessments that are referenced in derivative contracts subject to regulation by IOSCO members. 9 Table of Contents Data Privacy and Security Regulation In the course of its business, the Company collects, stores, uses and transmits personal data from consumers, customers, employees and other sources. Certain of the Company s information services businesses also use content that includes personal data from public and government records, other publicly available information and media. As a result, the Company and its activities are subject to laws and regulations governing the collection, use, sharing and transfer, storage and retention of personal data, as well as multiple emerging laws and regulations pertaining to data security, which continue to evolve and have implications for a number of its business practices. In the U.S., a number of state and local governments have expanded, enacted or proposed data privacy laws that govern the collection and use of personal data of their residents and establish or increase penalties and in some cases, afford private rights of action to individuals for failure to comply, and all states have enacted legislation requiring businesses to provide notice to state agencies and to individuals whose personal information has been accessed or disclosed as a result of certain data breaches. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ( CCPA ), establishes certain transparency rules, puts greater restrictions on how the Company can collect, use and disclose personal information of California residents and provides California residents with certain rights regarding their personal information, including rights to access, correct and delete their personal information and opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, brought through enforcement actions by the California Attorney General and California Privacy Protection Agency, as well as a private right of action for data breaches of certain types of nonencrypted and nonredacted personal information. California s privacy regulators have been active in enforcing the CCPA s requirements, particularly with regard to ensuring individual rights relating to targeted advertising are offered and honored by entities effectively. Similar laws in many states impose transparency and other obligations with respect to personal data of their respective residents and provide residents with similar rights. Certain of the Company s websites, mobile apps and other online business activities are subject to laws and regulations governing the online privacy of children, including the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, which prohibits the collection of personal information online from children under age 13 without prior parental consent; the California Age Appropriate Design Code (which went into effect in July 2024, but enforcement of which is currently stayed pending appeal), which prescribes rules relating to the design of online services likely to be accessed by children under age 18 ( CAADC ); and the New York Child Data Protection Act (which went into effect in June 2025), which imposes strict limitations on processing, sharing and selling the personal data of users under 18. National security imperatives have also significantly expanded restrictions on the access by and transfer of broadly defined categories of sensitive personal data and U.S. government data to countries of concern pursuant to U.S. Department of Justice data regulations effective in April 2025, which may impact certain of the Company s current or potential partner, vendor, service provider and customer relationships. Similar laws and regulations apply in many of the other jurisdictions in which the Company operates, including the E.U., the U.K. and Australia. Several of the Company s business units are subject to the E.U. s General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ), which provides a uniform set of rules for personal data processing throughout the E.U., and the UK General Data Protection Regulation ( UK GDPR ). The GDPR and UK GDPR expand the regulation of the collection, processing, use, sharing and security of personal data, contain stringent conditions for consent from data subjects, strengthen the rights of individuals, including the right to have personal data deleted upon request, continue to restrict the trans-border flow of personal data, require companies to conduct privacy impact assessments to evaluate data processing operations that are likely to result in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals, require mandatory data breach reporting and notification, significantly increase maximum penalties for non-compliance (up to 20 million euros or 17.5 million pounds, as applicable, or 4% of an entity s worldwide annual turnover in the preceding financial year, whichever is higher) and increase the enforcement powers of the data protection authorities. In June 2025, the Data (Use and Access) Act 2025 ( DUA Act ), which amends the UK GDPR and the UK s Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 ( PECR ), became law. The DUA Act raises maximum fines under PECR to match the UK GDPR, increasing the potential financial exposure for breaches relating to direct marketing and online tracking, and amends the UK GDPR in certain respects. The changes set out in the DUA Act have created differences between the U.K. and E.U. legal regimes, further increasing compliance costs. In addition, the U.K. has adopted the UK Age Appropriate Design Code, which is similar to the CAADC discussed above. 10 Table of Contents The Company and some of its service providers rely on certain mechanisms, such as Standard Contractual Clauses, to address the E.U. and U.K. data protection requirements for transfers of data that continue to evolve and are often subject to uncertainty and legal challenges. The European Commission has adopted two sets of European Union Standard Contractual Clauses, which regulate the relationship between controller and processor in accordance with the GDPR and international data transfers to a third country in the absence of an adequacy decision under the GDPR. The European Data Protection Board also adopted recommendations on measures that supplement data transfer tools to ensure compliance with the level of personal data protection required in Europe, including requirements for data exporters to assess the risks related to the transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area and to implement, if necessary, additional contractual, organizational and technical measures such as encryption and pseudonymization. For data transfers subject to the UK GDPR, the International Data Transfer Agreement and the International Data Transfer Addendum to the European Union Standard Contractual Clauses have also been adopted. With respect to data transfers from the E.U. to the U.S., the European Commission adopted the adequacy decision for the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (the Framework ), which permits personal data to flow from the E.U. to U.S. companies participating in the Framework. Similarly, the U.K. government adopted an adequacy decision for the U.S., the UK-US Data Bridge, which permits personal data to flow from the U.K. to U.S. companies participating in the Framework and the U.K. Extension. Such evolving requirements could cause the Company to incur additional costs, require it to change business practices or affect the manner in which it provides its services. In Australia, the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) ( AU Privacy Act ) and associated Australian Privacy Principles ( APPs ) impose additional requirements on organizations that handle personal data by, among other things, requiring organizations to take reasonable steps to ensure that overseas recipients do not breach the APPs in relation to personal data, placing restrictions on direct marketing practices and imposing mandatory data breach reporting. The Australian government passed the Privacy and Other Legislation Amendment Bill 2024 in November 2024 implementing the first tranche of legislative amendments to the AU Privacy Act following the completion of a review of the country s privacy regime initiated in 2020. These amendments include a mandate for the Australian privacy regulator to develop and register a privacy code for children by December 2026 and new transparency requirements for automated decision making that will apply from December 2026. However, the amendments did not address many of the recommendations made as part of the review, and the government has indicated it intends to implement subsequent amendments to introduce further reforms that will expand the scope of Australia s current data privacy regime to more closely align with other international regimes such as the GDPR. Industry participants in the U.S., Europe and Australia have taken steps to increase compliance with relevant industry-level standards and practices, including the implementation of self-regulatory regimes for online behavioral advertising that impose obligations on participating companies, such as the Company, to give consumers a better understanding of advertisements that are customized based on their online behavior. The interpretation and application of data privacy and security laws are often uncertain and evolving in the U.S. and internationally. Moreover, data privacy and security laws vary between local, state, federal and international jurisdictions and may conflict from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The Company continues to monitor pending legislation and regulatory initiatives to ascertain relevance, analyze impact and develop strategic direction surrounding regulatory trends and developments, including any changes required in the Company s data privacy and security compliance programs. U.K. Press-Related Regulation As a result of the implementation of recommendations of the Leveson inquiry into the U.K. press, a Press Recognition Panel (the PRP ) responsible for approving, overseeing and monitoring a new press regulatory body or bodies was established. Once approved by the PRP, the new press regulatory body or bodies would be responsible for overseeing participating publishers. In addition to the PRP, certain legislation provides that publishers who are not members of an approved regulator at the time of events giving rise to a claim may be liable for exemplary damages in certain cases where such damages were not previously awarded. Press regulator IMPRESS was recognized as an approved regulator by the PRP in October 2016. However, publications representing the majority of the industry in the U.K., including News UK, entered into binding contracts to form an alternative regulator, the Independent Press Standards Organisation, or IPSO, in September 2014. IPSO currently has no plans to apply for recognition from the PRP. IPSO has an independent chairman and a 12-member board, the majority of which are independent. IPSO oversees the Editors Code of Practice, requires members to implement appropriate internal governance processes and requires self-reporting of any failures, provides a complaints handling service, has the ability to require publications to print corrections and has the power to investigate serious or systemic breaches of the Editors Code of Practice and levy fines of up to 1 million. The burdens IPSO imposes on its print media members, including the Company s newspaper publishing businesses in 11 Table of Contents the U.K., may result in competitive disadvantages versus other forms of media and may increase the costs of regulatory compliance. In addition to the regulations discussed above, the U.K. s recently enacted Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Act 2024 empowers the Secretary of State for the U.K. to prevent foreign powers, including foreign states, state-owned investors and associated individuals, from gaining control, influence or greater influence over U.K. newspaper enterprises through the direct or indirect ownership of shares or voting control. The impact of these regulations remains unclear and may result in, among other things, reduced investment in the U.K. newspaper industry. U.K. Radio Broadcasting and On-Demand Services Regulation The Company s radio stations in the U.K. and Ireland and its streaming channel Talk are subject to the U.K. s Communications Act 2003 and the related Broadcasting Code (together the U.K. Broadcast and On-Demand Regulations ), which are administered by the Office of Communications ( Ofcom ), the regulatory body for broadcasting and on-demand services in the U.K. The Company is required, among other things, to obtain and maintain licenses to operate its radio stations and to comply with the content standards and other requirements of the U.K. Broadcast and On-Demand Regulations. Although the Company expects its licenses will, where relevant, be renewed in the ordinary course upon their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. Non-compliance by the Company with the requirements associated with such licenses, the U.K. Broadcast and On-Demand Regulations or other applicable laws and regulations, could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other adverse regulatory actions. Intellectual Property The Company s intellectual property assets include: copyrights in its digital and print newspapers, books and other content and technologies; trademarks in names and logos; trade names; domain names; and licenses of intellectual property rights, including the trademark license for the Realtor.com website address, as well as the REALTOR trademark (the NAR License ). In addition, its intellectual property assets include patents or patent applications for inventions related to its products, business methods and/or services, none of which are material to its financial condition or results of operations. The Company derives value and revenue from its intellectual property assets through, among other things, digital and print newspaper and magazine subscriptions and sales, the sale of subscriptions to its content and information services, the operation of websites and other digital properties and the sale, distribution and/or licensing of print and digital books. The Company devotes significant resources to protecting its intellectual property assets in the U.S., the U.K., Australia and other jurisdictions. To protect these assets, the Company relies upon a combination of copyright, trademark, unfair competition, patent, trade secret and other laws, contract provisions and technological protections. However, there can be no assurance of the degree to which these measures will be successful in any given case. Unauthorized use, including in the digital environment and as a result of recent advances in AI, particularly generative AI, presents a threat to revenues from products and services based on intellectual property. Policing unauthorized use of the Company s products, services and content and related intellectual property is often difficult, and the steps taken may not in every case prevent the infringement by unauthorized third parties of the Company s intellectual property. For example, the Company seeks to prevent unauthorized exploitation of its content and other intellectual property by generative AI tools through paywalls, bot management and AI crawler blocking tools, opt-out directives and other means, but these measures may not be effective, particularly if AI operators do not adhere to the restrictions. The Company also seeks to limit unauthorized use of its intellectual property by pursuing legal remedies to enforce its intellectual property rights, advocating for appropriate technical standards and legal frameworks, on its own and through industry groups, and enhancing public awareness of the meaning and value of intellectual property and intellectual property laws. However, the application of existing laws and regulations to new technologies, including generative AI, continues to be unsettled and is changing rapidly, and laws and regulations may differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Effective intellectual property protection may also be either unavailable or limited in certain foreign territories. Therefore, the Company engages in efforts to strengthen and update intellectual property protection around the world, including efforts to support the appropriate evolution, and effective enforcement, of intellectual property laws and remedies for infringement. Third parties may challenge the validity or scope of the Company s intellectual property from time to time and claim the protection of legal defenses and/or exceptions to intellectual property laws, and such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of intellectual property rights. Irrespective of their validity, such claims may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources that could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations. 12 Table of Contents Raw Materials As a major publisher of newspapers, magazines and books, the Company utilizes substantial quantities of various types of paper. In order to obtain the best available prices, substantially all of the Company s paper purchasing is done on a regional, volume purchase basis, and draws upon major paper manufacturing countries around the world. The Company believes that under present market conditions, its sources of paper supply used in its publishing activities are adequate. Human Capital News Corp s workforce is critical to the creation and delivery of its premium and trusted content and a key contributor to the success of the Company. The Company believes that having a workforce with varied experiences, abilities, backgrounds and perspectives strengthens its ability to create brands, content and products that educate and resonate with its customers and audiences around the world. The Company s ability to attract, develop, retain and engage talented employees with the skills and capabilities needed by its businesses is an essential component of its long-term business strategy to become more global and more digital, and the capabilities of the Company s workforce have continued to evolve along with its business and strategy. Key focus areas of the Company s human capital management strategy are described below, and additional information can be found in its Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) Report, available on the Company s website (which is not incorporated by reference herein). The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for assisting the Board in reviewing and assessing the Company s risks, opportunities, strategies and policies related to human capital management. As of June 30, 2025, the Company had approximately 22,300 employees, of whom approximately 7,900 were located in the U.S., 3,900 were located in the U.K. and 5,800 were located in Australia. Of the Company s employees, approximately 3,500 were represented by various employee unions. The contracts with such unions will expire at various times over the next several years. The Company believes its current relationships with employees are generally good. Culture and Values The delivery of quality news, information and entertainment to customers and audiences is a passionate, principled and purposeful enterprise. The Company believes people around the globe turn to News Corp because they trust its dedication to those values and to conducting business with integrity. The Company is always mindful that one of its greatest assets is its reputation, and ethical conduct is part of the vision, strategy and fabric of the Company. The Company has established a Compliance Steering Committee that oversees the Company s global compliance-related policies, protocols and guidance and reports directly to the Board of Directors through the Audit Committee. Performance on ethics and compliance is evaluated in determining whether any reduction to the payout of incentive compensation for executive officers is warranted. In addition, all employees are required to regularly complete training on, and affirm compliance with, News Corp s Standards of Business Conduct, which set forth the Company s policy to act respectfully in the workplace, do business ethically and comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and are designed to promote a culture of compliance and legal and ethical awareness throughout the Company. The Standards of Business Conduct are reviewed regularly and approved by the Board of Directors and are complemented by business-unit and topic-specific policies and trainings, including with respect to workplace conduct, conflicts of interest, anti-corruption and anti-bribery and insider trading. Health, Safety, Security and Wellbeing The health, safety, security and wellbeing of the Company s employees is a top priority of the Company s human capital management strategy. The Company s programs and policies are benchmarked against industry best practices and are designed to be dynamic and account for the changing risks and circumstances facing its employees. Employee wellbeing initiatives engage and support employees with targeted programs for mental and physical health. The Company s health and safety management systems are designed to comply with local and international environmental, health and safety standards and regulatory requirements. Its physical security infrastructure is designed to address risks related to the workplace, employee travel, business operations, corporate events and the unique requirements of the newsroom and news gathering operations, including through its Global Security Operations Center, which supports key international assignments and incident management. For example, the Company provides safety and security support, around-the-clock monitoring and the application of dynamic risk assessments and oversight for its staff and partners in high-risk areas, enabling the continuation of critical reporting from those regions. Compensation and Benefits News Corp s compensation and benefits programs, which vary based on business unit and geographic location, are focused on attracting, retaining and motivating its employees and reflecting the needs and priorities of its global workforce. In addition to competitive salaries, the Company and its businesses have established short- and long-term incentive programs designed to 13 Table of Contents motivate and reward performance against key business objectives and facilitate retention. News Corp also provides a range of retirement and other benefit options to meet the needs of its employees, including healthcare benefits and other programs to address physical, mental and emotional well-being, tax-advantaged savings vehicles, financial education, life and disability insurance, paid time off, flexible work arrangements, generous parental leave policies and other caregiving support, a company match for charitable donations and volunteer time. Training, Development and Engagement News Corp invests in training and development programs designed to enable its employees to develop the skills and leadership abilities necessary to execute on the Company s strategy and engage and retain top talent. The Company provides compelling on-the-job learning experiences for its people, encouraging employees to test new ideas and expand their capabilities. It offers workshops, webinars and classes on a variety of topics, job-specific training and other continuing education resources. The Company further supports and develops its employees through career planning resources and programs and internal career mobility opportunities that build and strengthen employee versatility and leadership skills. In addition, the Company and its businesses have implemented programs to support regular performance reviews for employees to highlight their strengths and identify the skills and growth necessary to advance their careers. These programs help the Company develop and invest in the next generation of leadership and represent an important component of its talent pipeline strategy. The Company and its businesses periodically conduct employee engagement surveys or focus groups to better understand the experience, concerns and sentiments of employees and to assess progress on Company workforce initiatives. Explanatory Note Regarding Certain Metrics Certain of the Company s metrics such as subscriptions and unique users are calculated using third-party or internal company data that have not been independently verified. While these numbers are based on what the Company believes to be reasonable calculations for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring such information. The Company s calculation of certain metrics may also differ from estimates published by third parties or from similarly-titled metrics of its competitors due to differences in methodology, and the Company s methodologies may be updated from time to time. Additional information regarding the calculation of certain metrics is provided below. Unique Users For purposes of this Annual Report, unique users and unique visitors, as applicable, are counted only the first time an individual accesses a product s website using a browser during a calendar month and the first time an individual accesses a product s mobile app using a mobile device during a calendar month. If the user accesses more than one of a product s desktop websites, mobile websites and/or mobile apps, the first access to each such website or app is counted as a separate unique user. Users accessing a product s websites through different browsers, users who clear their browser cache at any time and users who access a product s websites and apps through different devices are also counted as separate unique users. For a group of products such as WSJDN, a user accessing different products within the group is counted as a separate unique user for each product accessed. Total Digital Revenues For purposes of this Annual Report, the Company defines total digital revenues as the sum of consolidated Digital Real Estate Services segment revenues, digital advertising revenues, digital circulation and subscription revenues, revenues from digital book sales and other miscellaneous digital revenue streams. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating the Company and its common stock. Any of the following risks, or other risks or uncertainties not presently known or currently deemed immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the Company s common stock. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not they have in fact occurred in the past and instead reflect the Company s beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect it in the future. 14 Table of Contents Risks Relating to the Company s Businesses and Operations The Company Operates in a Highly Competitive Business Environment, and its Success Depends on its Ability to Compete Effectively, Including by Responding to Evolving Technologies and Changes in Consumer and Customer Behavior. The Company faces significant competition, including from other providers of information, news, real estate-related and entertainment products and services. See Business Overview for more information regarding competition within each of the Company s segments. This competition continues to intensify as a result of changes in technologies, including developments in generative AI, platforms and business models and corresponding changes in consumer and customer behavior. For example, the proliferation of content distribution platforms and media channels, as well as AI-generated content, have (i) increased the choices available to consumers for content consumption and the risk of content commoditization and (ii) adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, demand and pricing for the Company s products and services. Consumption of the Company s content on third-party platforms reduces its control over how its content is discovered, displayed and monetized and may affect its ability to attract, retain and monetize consumers directly and compete effectively. Generative AI-powered chatbots, search overviews and other tools using models trained or grounded on the Company s content or that produce responses that contain, are similar to or are based on the Company s content without permission, attribution or compensation, have, and may continue to, reduce traffic to, and subscriber demand for, the Company s digital products and services and harm existing and potential revenue streams. Technological advances, including in AI, have also increased the availability of public sources of free or inexpensive information and reduced the cost to process and package this information, which enables additional third parties to compete with the Company s information products and services, often at a lower cost, and potentially diminishes their perceived value. The Company s ability to compete depends on many factors, including its ability to: differentiate its brands and their associated products and services based on quality, reliability and comprehensiveness and through its marketing and selling efforts; respond to new and evolving technologies, distribution channels and platforms, including generative AI tools, content distribution platforms, media channels, online retailers and digital marketplaces, some of which have significant scale and leverage; develop new products and services and consistently anticipate and respond to consumer and customer needs and preferences, which change frequently and are difficult to predict; effectively protect and monetize its intellectual property; manage and adapt to changes made by large digital platforms that affect the visibility of its content and other products and services (and, in turn, visits and advertiser interest), which occur frequently and are outside the Company s control; and continue improving and scaling its data and technology infrastructure. The Company expects to continue to pursue new strategic initiatives, incorporate new technologies and develop new and enhanced products and services to remain competitive. These include licensing arrangements with certain large platforms for the use of its content by or on such platforms, the continued expansion into new business models and adjacencies at its digital real estate services businesses, streaming audio partnerships for its books, multi-product digital bundles and other innovative digital news products and experiences. The Company is also developing additional products and services that incorporate AI solutions to enhance insights and value for consumers and customers and respond to industry trends. The Company has incurred, and expects to continue to incur, significant costs in connection with these efforts, including costs relating to the initiatives referenced above, as well as other costs to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies and attract and retain employees with the necessary knowledge and skills. There can be no assurance any of these efforts will be successful, that they can be implemented in the time period or at the cost the Company expects or that it will realize the anticipated benefits. For example, not all of the Company s content license agreements have been renewed, and there is no guarantee that existing agreements will be renewed on terms favorable to the Company or at all. Some of the Company s current and potential competitors have greater resources, fewer regulatory burdens, better competitive positions in certain areas, greater operating capabilities, greater access to sources of content, data, information, technology (including AI) or other services or strategic relationships and/or easier access to financing. These advantages may allow them to respond more effectively to changes in technology, consumer and customer needs and preferences and market conditions, including by developing new or enhanced products and services or leveraging new technologies, including generative AI, more quickly or successfully than the Company. Continued consolidation or strategic alliances in certain industries in which the Company operates or otherwise affecting the Company s businesses may increase these advantages, including through greater 15 Table of Contents scale, financial leverage and/or access to content, data, information, technology (including AI) and other offerings. If the Company is unable to compete successfully, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Macroeconomic and Market Conditions and Other Events Outside the Company s Control May Adversely Affect the Company s Business. The Company s business is subject to risks and uncertainties from events and circumstances outside its control that impact macroeconomic and market conditions or disrupt its business, including economic weakness, uncertainty or volatility, geopolitical tensions, conflicts or wars, pandemics and other health crises, natural disasters, severe weather events (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), political or social unrest, terrorism or other similar events. Recent changes in political policies and priorities in the U.S. and internationally, including expanded or retaliatory tariffs and other trade barriers, and an increase in hostilities and conflicts have created business and economic uncertainty and lowered consumer confidence. These conditions, as well as inflationary pressures, changes in monetary policy, elevated interest rates, recessionary or stagflation concerns, geopolitical tensions, supply chain disruptions and volatile foreign currency exchange rates, have affected, and may in the future, adversely affect the U.S. and global economies and markets and the Company s business. During fiscal 2025, persistent inflation in home prices and other housing-related costs, elevated interest rates and lower levels of consumer confidence continued to adversely impact the U.S. real estate market and depress real estate lead and transaction volumes and adjacent businesses at the Digital Real Estate Services segment. Recent economic uncertainty and lower consumer confidence have also contributed to softer consumer spending within the U.S. book publishing industry, which may continue in the near term. These and other events or conditions outside the Company s control have in the past also resulted in, and could in the future lead to, disruption of the Company s business, a tightening of, or more limited access to, the credit and capital markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer net worth and a decline in other markets such as energy and commodities, and could, in turn, lead to a broader, prolonged economic downturn. Such downturns have resulted, and could in the future result, in lower advertising expenditures, lower demand for the Company s products and services, unfavorable changes in the mix of products and services purchased, pricing pressures, longer sales and payment cycles, a credit ratings downgrade and/or higher borrowing costs and decreased ability of third parties to satisfy their obligations to the Company and have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The Company is particularly exposed to business risks in the U.S., Australia and the U.K., its three main operating geographies. The Company may also be impacted by other events outside its control, such as developments in the industries in which it operates. In the U.S. residential real estate industry, settlements of recent class action lawsuits against certain brokerages and franchisors, as well as NAR, have led to changes in NAR s rules and practices, including elimination of the cooperative compensation rule, thereby prohibiting REALTOR MLSs from publishing buyer broker compensation offers. While the impact of such changes is uncertain and difficult to predict, if they significantly affect how home buyers and sellers engage with agents or negatively impact agent commissions, that could reduce the number of leads and other services agents purchase from Move and adversely affect its business and results of operations or require changes to its business model. The settlements are also being appealed, and the Company cannot predict the final outcomes of these matters or any future lawsuits, which could result in additional changes that impact the industry. A Decline in Customer Advertising Expenditures Could Cause the Company s Revenues and Operating Results to Decline Significantly. The Company generates substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and a decline in advertising revenues has had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Shifting consumer preferences toward digital content consumption and the increasing number of content consumption choices have intensified competition for advertising, increased audience fragmentation and advertising inventory and decreased demand for the Company s traditional media offerings and their attractiveness to advertisers. Different ways of purchasing advertising such as programmatic buying channels have further shifted advertising from traditional media to digital offerings, some of which generate lower rates or are not otherwise as beneficial to the Company. Large digital platforms command a substantial share of the digital advertising market and are also responsible for a significant amount of traffic to the Company s digital properties, which drives advertiser spending. Visibility on these platforms depends on algorithms that are outside the Company s control and change frequently, and recent changes have adversely affected traffic to some of the Company s digital properties, particularly in the U.K. Certain of these platforms also control significant technologies such as ad servers on which the Company s digital advertising operations rely, and interruptions or changes affecting these technologies, including the economic terms, could adversely impact advertising revenues and/or operating costs. Evolving standards for the delivery of digital advertising, the development and implementation of technology, standards, regulations, policies and practices and changing consumer expectations that adversely affect the Company s ability to deliver, target or measure the effectiveness of its advertising, including 16 Table of Contents the phase-out of support for third-party cookies and mobile identifiers, as well as platform and browser requirements, news blocking or bias and new privacy regulations, may also negatively impact digital advertising revenues. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully navigate the evolving digital advertising market or that its digital advertising revenues will be able to offset declines in advertising revenue from traditional media offerings. The Company s advertising revenue is also affected generally by national and local economic and business conditions, which tend to be cyclical, as well as election and other news cycles. During fiscal 2025, factors such as trade issues, geopolitical tensions and conflicts and elevated interest rates contributed to continued economic uncertainty, reduced spending by advertisers and lower advertising revenues at certain of the Company s businesses. Other events outside the Company s control, including inflationary pressures, recessionary or stagflation concerns, supply chain disruptions, natural disasters, extreme weather, pandemics and other widespread health crises, political and social unrest or acts of terrorism, have had, and may in the future have, a similar impact. Certain sectors of the economy account for a significant portion of the Company s advertising revenues, including retail, technology and finance. Declines in the economic prospects of these and other advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers spending priorities, which may further reduce the Company s overall advertising revenue. Advertising sales are also dependent on the accurate measurement of demand for the Company s products and services, and any difficulty or failure in doing so, particularly for digital offerings or across multiple platforms, may adversely impact advertising volume and rates or, in the case of inaccuracies, the Company s reputation and relationships with advertisers. The Company Has Completed, and May Continue to Engage in, Strategic Transactions, Including Acquisitions, Investments and Divestitures, That Introduce Significant Risks and Uncertainties. In order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the Company has completed, and may continue to engage in, strategic transactions, including acquisitions and investments, that involve significant risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses, operations and systems, such as financial reporting, internal controls, compliance and information technology (including cybersecurity and data protection controls), in an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees, customers, suppliers and partners, (4) with respect to investments, risks associated with the inability to control the operations of the business, (5) the risk of diverting the attention of the Company s senior management from the Company s operations, (6) in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of specific economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with the relevant countries, (7) expenses and liabilities, both known and unknown, associated with the acquired businesses or investments, (8) in some cases, increased regulation and (9) in some cases, lower liquidity as a result of the use of cash or incurrence of debt to fund such acquisition or investment. If any acquired business or investment fails to operate as anticipated or an acquired business cannot be successfully integrated with the Company s existing businesses, the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, brands and reputation could be adversely affected, and the Company may be required to record non-cash impairment charges for the write-down of certain acquired assets and investments. The Company s ability to continue to make acquisitions or investments depends on the availability of suitable businesses at acceptable prices, receipt of any necessary government or other approvals and whether restrictions are imposed by governmental bodies or regulations, and competition for certain types of acquisitions is significant. The Company has also divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses that no longer fit with its strategic direction or growth targets or for other business reasons such as its recent divestiture of Foxtel. Divestitures require the Company to expend costs and management and operational resources, and the Company may not be able to find buyers on favorable terms or complete any particular transaction. Divestitures involve other significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition, including disruption to its business, loss of key employees, renegotiation or termination of key business relationships and difficulties in separating the operations of the divested business. The Company may have continued financial exposure to divested businesses through continuing equity ownership, retention of certain liabilities related to the divested business, indemnities, guarantees or other post-closing obligations, transition services and deferred payments. The Company s Businesses Depend on a Single or Limited Number of Suppliers for Certain Products, Services, Data and Information, and Reductions, Interruptions or Other Issues Affecting Their Supply or a Significant Increase in Price Could Have an Adverse Effect on the Company s Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition. The Company s businesses depend on a single or limited number of third-party suppliers for certain products, services, data and information. For example, the Company relies on Amazon Web Services to supply cloud-based services used in many of the Company s business activities and Google to provide workspace and other enterprise services. The Company also obtains significant data and information through contractual arrangements with content suppliers, some of which may be competitors. 17 Table of Contents From time to time, suppliers seek to change the fees and other terms of supply arrangements and may terminate existing arrangements, in some cases with short notice, to gain a marketplace advantage. Any consolidation among suppliers would further decrease the number of providers and increase their scale and leverage. Issues affecting the Company s suppliers, including cybersecurity incidents, data center or systems outages, labor shortages, insufficient capacity and supply chain issues, may reduce, interrupt, or delay the supply of, or cause defects or errors in, the products, services, data and information on which the Company s businesses rely. If any key supplier is unable to meet demand or otherwise fails to perform its obligations in a timely manner, the Company s relationship with key suppliers deteriorates or any of these suppliers breaches or terminates its agreement with the Company, experiences operating or financial difficulties, significantly increases the amount it charges the Company for necessary products, services, data or information or ceases production or provision of any necessary product, service, data or information, the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. While the Company will seek alternative sources where possible and/or permissible under applicable agreements, it may not be able to secure these sources quickly and cost-effectively or at all, which could impair its ability to timely deliver its products and services or operate its business. The Company s Reputation, Credibility and Brands are Key Assets and Competitive Advantages and its Business and Results of Operations May be Affected by How the Company is Perceived. The Company s products and services are distributed under some of the world s most recognizable and respected brands, including The Wall Street Journal and premier news brands in Australia and the U.K., Dow Jones, HarperCollins Publishers, realestate.com.au, Realtor.com and many others, and the Company believes its success depends on its continued ability to maintain and enhance these brands. The Company s brands, credibility and reputation could be damaged by incidents that erode consumer and customer trust or a perception that the Company s products and services, such as its journalism, real estate information, benchmark and pricing services and other data and information, are low quality, unreliable, biased or fail to maintain independence and integrity, including as a result of generative AI tools misattributing incorrect information to the Company. The Company s brands and reputation may also be impacted by its sustainability and corporate responsibility commitments and disclosures and positions the Company, its businesses or its publications take or do not take on social issues. Changes in reporting methodologies, available data or the Company s operations or reporting processes and disparate and evolving reporting standards, including regulatory requirements, may impact the Company s disclosure and progress towards achieving its commitments. Various stakeholders, regulators and lawmakers also have expressed or pursued different, and sometimes conflicting, views, expectations and/or legislation on ESG-related matters, and the Company may not be able to successfully navigate these divergent viewpoints and/or legislation. Significant negative claims or publicity regarding the Company s products and services, operations, customer service, management, employees, advertisers and other business partners, business decisions, positions on sustainability and corporate responsibility issues and culture may damage its brands or reputation and result in legal liability, even if such claims are untrue. To the extent the Company s brands, reputation and credibility are damaged, the Company s ability to attract and retain consumers, customers, advertisers and employees, as well as the Company s sales, business opportunities and profitability, could be adversely affected, which could in turn have an adverse impact on its business and results of operations. Any Significant Increase in the Cost to Print and Distribute the Company s Books and Newspapers or Disruption in the Company s Supply Chain or Printing and Distribution Channels May Adversely Affect the Company s Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition. Printing and distribution costs, including the cost of paper, are a significant expense for the Company s book and newspaper publishing units, and the price of paper has historically been volatile. The Company also relies on third-party suppliers for deliveries of paper and on third-party printing and distribution partners to print and distribute its books and newspapers. Factors such as inflationary pressures, labor shortages, higher transportation costs and delays and other supply chain issues, financial pressures, industry trends or economics (including the closure or conversion of newsprint mills and consolidation among suppliers and partners), labor unrest, changes in laws and regulations, such as the E.U. s Deforestation Regulation, natural disasters, extreme weather (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), pandemics and other widespread health crises, tariffs or other changes in trade policy or other circumstances affecting the Company s paper and other third-party suppliers and print and distribution partners have increased, or could in the future increase, the Company s printing and distribution costs and lead to disruptions, reduced operations or consolidations within the Company s printing and distribution supply chains and/or of third-party print sites and/or distribution routes. The Company may not be able to secure alternative providers quickly and cost-effectively, which could disrupt printing and distribution operations or increase the cost of printing and distributing the Company s books and newspapers. Significant increases in these costs, undersupply or significant disruptions in the supply chain or the Company s printing and distribution channels have had, and could in the future have, an adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 18 Table of Contents Developments in AI, Including the Company s Use of AI, May Expose it to Certain Risks, Which Could Adversely Affect its Business, Reputation or Financial Results. The Company is incorporating AI into its business, including developing products and services that integrate AI solutions and for internal productivity purposes. The development of AI technologies, including generative AI, is complex and evolving and there are challenges associated with achieving desired levels of accuracy, efficiency and reliability. AI algorithms, models and data may have limitations, including biases, errors or the inability to handle certain data types or scenarios. If the Company s use of AI in its products and services produces content, information, analyses or recommendations that are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, biased, harmful, discriminatory or infringing or otherwise problematic, it may negatively impact its brands and reputation and adversely affect its business, and the Company may be subject to legal and regulatory scrutiny and increased litigation. Additionally, if the Company s products and services that integrate AI solutions fail to operate as anticipated or as well as competing products or services or otherwise do not meet customer needs or if the Company is unable to bring such products or services to market as effectively or with the same speed as its competitors, its competitive position may be harmed and its business and reputation may be adversely impacted. The use of AI tools may implicate intellectual property and data protection laws and regulations and raise cybersecurity, confidentiality and technical risks. Regulation of AI is evolving rapidly, including the recent adoption of AI-focused consumer protection and data privacy laws in certain jurisdictions, and the Company s use of AI tools will continue to require resources to address regulatory requirements, implement appropriate governance practices and minimize associated risks. The Company s obligations to comply with the evolving legal and regulatory landscape could limit its ability to incorporate certain AI solutions into its products and services. The use of AI tools may also impact the Company s relationship with employees and/or result in labor disputes if the tools are viewed as displacing workers. Given that the development, adoption and use of AI technologies, including generative AI, remains in the early stages, it is not possible to predict all of the risks related to the use of AI and the impact they may have on the Company. The Company s International Operations Expose it to Additional Risks That Could Adversely Affect its Business, Operating Results and Financial Condition. A substantial portion of the Company s revenues are derived outside the U.S., and the Company may continue to expand its international operations. There are risks inherent in doing business internationally and other risks may be heightened, including (1) issues related to staffing and managing international operations, including maintaining the health and safety of its personnel around the world; (2) economic uncertainties and volatility in local markets, including as a result of trade policies, inflationary pressures or a general economic slowdown or recession, and political or social instability; (3) the impact of events in relevant jurisdictions such as geopolitical tensions and conflicts, natural disasters, extreme weather (which may occur with increasing frequency and intensity), pandemics and other widespread health crises and acts of terrorism or war; (4) compliance with foreign laws, regulations and policies and potential adverse changes thereto, including with respect to tax regimes, ownership restrictions, restrictions on repatriation of funds and currency exchange, data privacy, intellectual property, competition, AI, consumer protection and labor and employment, as well as U.S. laws affecting the conduct of business in foreign countries; (5) compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, trade restrictions and economic sanctions; and (6) regulatory or governmental action against the Company s products, services and personnel such as censorship or other restrictions on access, barring, detention or expulsion of journalists or other employees and other retaliatory actions, which may increase due to geopolitical tensions and conflicts. Events or developments related to these and other risks associated with the Company s international operations could result in reputational harm and have an adverse impact on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Challenges associated with operating globally may increase as the Company expands into geographic areas that it believes represent the highest growth opportunities. An Inability to Attract and Retain the Right Talent and Cultivate Their Performance Could Adversely Affect the Company s Business. The Company s businesses depe