=== AXP_2026-03-25.htm.gz ===
tm2519434-8_nonfiling - none - 68.0055361s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 American Express Company (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS WHEN WHERE RECORD DATE Tuesday, May 5, 2026 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ AXP2026 March 6, 2026 Items of Business To Vote on the Following Proposals Board Recommendation See Page 1 Election of directors proposed by our Board of Directors for a term of one year, as set forth in this Proxy Statement; FOR each of the director nominees 5 2 Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026; FOR 42 3 Advisory resolution to approve executive compensation (Say-on-Pay); FOR 46 4-5 Two shareholder proposals, if properly presented at the meeting; and AGAINST 88 6 Such other business that may properly come before the meeting. We will be holding our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 5, 2026. Shareholders will be able to listen, vote and submit questions via the virtual meeting website at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AXP2026 by using the 16-digit control number included on your notice, on your proxy card or in the voting instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. Shareholders with control numbers who attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate as they would at an in-person meeting, including the ability to ask questions. Please retain the 16-digit control number should you decide to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Shareholders without a control number may attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders as guests but they will not have the ability to vote or submit questions during the meeting. Attendees may begin logging in to the virtual meeting website at 8:45 a.m. Eastern Time. Detailed information regarding our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, including how to cast your vote and ask questions before and during the meeting, can be found in Other Information starting on page 96 of this Proxy Statement. Even if you do not plan to attend the meeting, your vote is important to us. Please review the materials and exercise your shareholder right to vote. By Order of the Board of Directors, James J. Killerlane III Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 5, 2026: Our Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available online at http://ir.americanexpress.com.* * Web links throughout this document are provided for convenience only. Information from the American Express website is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. We expect to mail this notice and to begin mailing our proxy materials on or about March 25, 2026. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Proxy Statement contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to risks and uncertainties. You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, aim, will, may, should, could, would, likely, continue and similar expressions. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including those contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and the Company s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. TABLE OF CONTENTS (This page has been left blank intentionally.) TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT i Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders Proxy Summary 1 Corporate Governance at American Express 5 Item 1: Election of Directors for a Term of One Year 5 Our Board s Composition 5 Our Board s Qualifications 6 Our Director Nominees Average Tenure and Age and Representation 6 Our Director Nominees 7 Ideal Director Nominee Attributes 14 Process for Identifying and Adding New Directors 14 Director Onboarding 15 Our Board Evaluation Process 15 Our Board Leadership Structure 17 Our Board s Primary Role and Responsibilities, Structure and Processes 18 How Our Board Oversees Our Annual Business Plan and Corporate Strategy 19 How Our Board Engages in Ongoing CEO and Key Executive Succession Planning 19 How Our Board Oversees Risk Management 20 Cybersecurity Risk Oversight and Management 22 Board Oversight of AI 23 Management Oversight of Risk 23 Our Board Committees 25 Our Corporate Governance Framework 29 Shareholder Engagement 33 Compensation of Directors 36 Director Stock Ownership 38 Director and Officer Liability Insurance 38 Certain Relationships and Transactions 39 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 41 Audit Committee Matters 42 Item 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 42 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Fees and Services 44 Report of the Audit and Compliance Committee 45 TABLE OF CONTENTS ii 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Executive Compensation 46 Item 3: Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation (Say-on-Pay) 46 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 47 Section 1: Executive Summary 48 Section 2: Compensation Governance Practices and Pay Principles 52 Section 3: Compensation Programs 53 Section 4: Compensation Determination Process 57 Section 5: 2025 Compensation Decisions and Outcomes 59 Section 6: Compensation Policies and Practices 67 Section 7: Report of the Compensation and Benefits Committee 71 2025 Compensation Tables 71 Equity Compensation Plans 83 Pay Ratio 84 Pay Versus Performance 84 Shareholder Proposals 88 Item 4: Shareholder Proposal Requesting a Report on Coverage of Transgender Healthcare Treatments for Minors 88 Item 5: Shareholder Proposal Regarding Political Bias Risk Oversight 91 Stock Ownership Information 94 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 95 Other Information 96 Attending the Virtual Annual Meeting and Webcast 96 Notice of Business to Come Before the Meeting 97 Additional Voting Information 97 Multiple Shareholders Sharing the Same Address 99 2027 Annual Meeting Information 100 Availability of 2025 Annual Report 100 Annex A Information Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures 101 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 Proxy Summary Our Company s Strategic Imperatives American Express Company (American Express, we, our, us or the Company) is a global payments and premium lifestyle brand powered by technology. Founded in 1850 and headquartered in New York, our card-issuing, merchant-acquiring and card network businesses offer products and services to a broad range of customers, including consumers, small businesses, mid-sized companies and large corporations around the world. We seek to grow by focusing on our five strategic imperatives. In January 2026, we added the fifth strategic imperative, to reimagine our customer and colleague experiences, as technology is transforming how we work and changing our customers expectations. Business Performance In 2025, we continued to execute our growth strategy. Business performance highlights in 2025 include: Grew total billed business by 8%, or 7% on an FX-adjusted basis (1) , versus the prior year, with growth across geographies and across Goods Services and Travel Entertainment categories. Continued to execute our product refresh strategy globally, completing refreshes in nearly a dozen countries, including the successful launch of our updated U.S. Consumer and Business Platinum Cards. Enhanced our Membership Model with the expansion of our hotel network, new lounge openings and a multi-year partnership with Toast to enhance hospitality experiences across Resy, Tock and Toast s restaurant networks. Invested in our digital capabilities and experiences, including the launch of a new Amex Travel App, a new app experience for our U.S. Platinum Card Members, and the acquisition of the Center expense management platform for commercial customers. Advanced generative artificial intelligence (GenAI) and agentic commerce initiatives, including Dining Companion and the development of standards with partners to enable agent-driven commerce. Expanded our network of world-class partners and renewed several key cobrand partnerships including British Airways, Air France-KLM and ANA. Added 12.5 million new proprietary cards, with over 70% of new accounts acquired on fee-paying products, bringing the total number of cards-in-force issued on our global network to 152.8 million. Continued momentum in customer acquisitions and spending by Millennial Gen-Z customers, our fastest growing consumer cohorts. Continued to expand our coverage globally, reaching over 170 million American Express-accepting merchant locations worldwide (2) . Maintained our strong and stable credit performance, with net write-off and delinquency rates remaining best-in-class. Financial Results 2025 financial highlights include: Total revenues net of interest expense reached an all-time high of $72.2 billion, up 10% versus the prior year, or 9% on an FX-adjusted basis (1) . Revenue growth was broad-based across spend, lend and fee revenues. Diluted earnings per share (EPS) for the full year 2025 were $15.38, up 10%, or 15% excluding the prior-year gain on sale of Accertify, Inc. (Accertify) (3) . Delivered 18% growth in net card fee revenues, to reach a record of $10 billion for the full year, and achieved the 30th consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter of 2025. $7.6 billion of capital was returned to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Ended the year with a Return on Equity (ROE) of 34% (4) as we delivered strong returns and maintained capital strength. 1-year Total Shareholder Return (TSR) of 26% outperformed the S P Financials Index by 11 percentage points (5) . Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 2025 Financial Performance Highlights $72.2B TOTAL REVENUES NET OF INTEREST EXPENSE $15.38 EPS (3) $10.8B NET INCOME YoY Growth: 10% Reported 9% FX-adjusted (1) YoY Growth: 10% Reported 15% Adjusted for the Sale of Accertify (3) $1.7T TOTAL BILLED BUSINESS $224.8B TOTAL LOANS CARD MEMBER RECEIVABLES 152.8M CARDS-IN-FORCE YoY Growth: 8% Reported 7% FX-adjusted (1) YoY Growth: 8% Reported 7% FX-adjusted (1) $5.3B SHARE REPURCHASES $2.3B DIVIDENDS 34% ROE (4) (1) FX-adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translation into U.S. dollars (i.e., assumes 2025 foreign exchange rates apply to 2024 results). Total Revenues Net of Interest Expense and Total Loans and Card Member Receivables on an FX-adjusted basis are non-GAAP measures. See Annex A for a reconciliation. Management believes the presentation of information on an FX-adjusted basis is helpful to investors by making it easier to compare the Company s performance in one period to that of another period without the variability caused by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. (2) Locations in force (LIF) estimate as of December 2025, which reflects an estimated 37 million merchants that accept American Express in China (including through digital wallets). LIF represents proprietary and partner acquired merchant locations where the merchant is enabled to accept American Express. LIF estimates incorporate data provided to us by certain third parties and include merchants that accept American Express through payment facilitators and digital wallets. (3) Attributable to common shareholders. Represents net income less earnings allocated to participating share awards and dividends on preferred shares. EPS growth adjusted for the prior year gain on sale from Accertify is a non-GAAP measure. Management believes adjusted EPS is useful in evaluating the ongoing operating performance of the Company. See Annex A for a reconciliation to EPS growth on a GAAP basis. (4) ROE is calculated by dividing (i) net income for the period by (ii) average shareholders equity for the period. (5) TSR is the total return on common shares over a specified period, expressed as a percentage (calculated based on the change in stock price over the relevant measurement period and assuming reinvestment of dividends). Calculated as of December 31, 2025. How Our Compensation Program Supports Our Business Strategy Our executive compensation program is designed to support the longevity and stability of the Company by driving long-term business outcomes, promoting strong governance practices and encouraging responsible risk-taking. This is achieved by linking individual pay with the Company s performance on a diverse set of measures as well as financial and strategic goals. All senior executives have a large portion of compensation that is variable and covers annual and multi-year performance periods. Long-Term Incentive Awards (LTIA) are designed to align executives interests with the Company s long-term performance using performance-based equity awards. Further, the Company s annual performance scorecard (Company Scorecard) incentivizes strong performance and includes key objectives in four categories: Shareholder, Customer, Colleague and Strategic. To support strong oversight, our Compensation and Benefits Committee (CBC) approves performance goals across our categories and certifies performance outcomes. Our executive compensation program, including compensation principles and strategy, is discussed in detail under the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Our Board of Directors The following provides current summary information about each nominee to our Board of Directors (Board). Our director nominees possess a range of skills, backgrounds, experience and viewpoints that we believe are integral to an effective and well-functioning board. For more information about our director nominees, please see Our Board s Qualifications on page 6 . Detailed information about each director nominee s qualifications, experience and expertise can be found in their biographies starting on page 7 . Our Director Nominees Committees of the Board Name and Principal Occupation Independent Age Director Since AC CB NGPR R Michael J. Angelakis Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Atairos Group 61 2025 Thomas J. Baltimore Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Park Hotels Resorts, Inc. 62 2021 John J. Brennan LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Vanguard Group, Inc. (Vanguard) 71 2017 Theodore J. Leonsis Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Monumental Sports Entertainment 70 2010 Deborah P. Majoras Former Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Procter Gamble Co. 62 2022 Karen L. Parkhill Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HP Inc. 60 2020 Charles E. Phillips Managing Partner and Co-Founder of Recognize 66 2020 Lynn A. Pike Former President of Capital One Bank 69 2020 Randal K. Quarles Executive Chairman and Co-Founder of The Cynosure Group 68 2025 Stephen J. Squeri CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of American Express Company 67 2018 Noel Wallace Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Colgate-Palmolive Company 61 2025 Lisa W. Wardell Former Executive Chairman of Covista Inc. 56 2021 Christopher D. Young President and Chief Executive Officer of Vertex, Inc. 54 2018 Member Chair AC Audit and Compliance CB Compensation and Benefits NGPR Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility R Risk Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 4 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Corporate Governance Highlights Engaged and autonomous Lead Independent Director with clearly delineated duties and responsibilities. All directors are independent except the Chairman. Highly skilled Board that provides a range of viewpoints. Annual review of optimal Board leadership structure for the Company. Executive sessions of the independent directors led by the Lead Independent Director at each regular in-person Board meeting without Management present. Executive sessions at committee meetings led by independent committee Chairs without Management present. All committees of the Board are comprised solely of independent directors. Proxy access rights. Annual election of all directors. Annual advisory vote on executive compensation. Majority voting for directors (in uncontested elections). Shareholder feedback regularly shared with the Board and its committees. Shareholders representing at least 25% of outstanding shares are able to call special meetings. Ongoing oversight of the Company s annual business plan and corporate strategy, succession planning and risk management. Monitors the Company s workplace culture, tone at the top and values. Proactive, comprehensive and strategic Board and senior Management succession planning. Annual dedicated Board meeting focused on Company strategy. Key Management and rising talent are reviewed on an annual basis and regularly meet with the Board. Director access to experts and advisors, both internal and external. The Audit and Compliance Committee oversees the integrity of the Company s financial statements and legal and regulatory compliance. Audit and Compliance Committee receives and discusses whistleblower claims, fraud situations and Management reports regarding significant ethical violations. The Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee reviews public policy and sustainability issues that may impact the Company s reputation and key stakeholders. The Compensation and Benefits Committee oversees executive compensation and colleague experience initiatives and programs. Risk-aware culture overseen by the Risk Committee, which also oversees Management s execution of capital management, liquidity planning and resolution planning. The Risk Committee has primary oversight of cybersecurity and related risks and opportunities, including those with respect to emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI) and GenAI. Prohibition of hedging and pledging transactions by directors, executive officers and other senior Management. Robust policy on public company board service, in line with market practice. Proactive, responsive and ongoing shareholder engagement. Strategic succession planning resulting in regular Board and committee refreshment with a range of tenures, variety of experiences and perspectives. Annual review of committee charters, Corporate Governance Principles and related policies. Robust Code of Business Conduct for Members of the Board of Directors and Code of Conduct for American Express colleagues, each with an annual certification requirement. Annual written Board and committee performance evaluations and periodic evaluations conducted by an independent, third-party evaluator. Comprehensive clawback policies for senior executives. Robust annual risk assessment of executive compensation programs, policies and practices. Significant share ownership requirements for senior Management and directors. Mandatory retirement age of 72 for Board members. Wide-ranging and comprehensive director onboarding program along with robust continuing education programs. For a detailed discussion of our corporate governance framework and our director nominees, please see Corporate Governance at American Express beginning on page 5 . Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Corporate Governance at American Express Item 1: Election of Directors for a Term of One Year The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the Director Nominees. Our Board welcomed three new independent directors during 2025. Michael J. Angelakis was elected to our Board on March 3, 2025 and Randal K. Quarles and Noel Wallace were elected to our Board on July 23, 2025. Mr. Angelakis is a member of the Audit and Compliance Committee and Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee; Mr. Quarles is a member of the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee and Risk Committee; and Mr. Wallace is a member of the Audit and Compliance Committee and Compensation and Benefits Committee. Messrs. Angelakis, Quarles and Wallace bring to the Board and its committees significant experience, as described herein, and we look forward to their continued contributions. Our Board currently has 14 members. 13 of our directors are standing for re-election to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. One of our current directors, Dr. Daniel L. Vasella, will be retiring upon the completion of his term at the 2026 Annual Meeting of the Shareholders (Annual Meeting) as he has reached our mandatory retirement age and will not be standing for re-election. Our Board has appointed Laureen E. Seeger, James J. Killerlane III, David A. Kanarek and Brandon N. Egren as proxies to vote your shares on your behalf. The proxies intend to vote for the election of each of the 13 candidates nominated by the Board unless you indicate otherwise on your proxy or voting instruction form or when you vote by telephone or online. Each candidate has consented to being named in this Proxy Statement and serving as a director, if elected. However, if any nominee is not able to serve, the Board can either nominate a different person or reduce the size of the Board. If the Board nominates another individual, the persons named as proxies may vote for that nominee. Our Board s Composition Except for Mr. Squeri, our Board is comprised entirely of independent directors. As illustrated by Our Board s Qualifications on page 6 and the director biographies starting on page 7 , our Board is made up of a highly skilled group of leaders with substantial experience in their respective fields. Our Board believes that the combination of the various skills, qualifications and experiences of the director nominees contributes to an effective and well-functioning Board and that, individually and as a whole, the director nominees possess the necessary qualifications to provide effective oversight and insightful strategic guidance. We continually review our Board s composition to identify the skills needed for our Company both in the near term and the future. Ongoing strategic Board succession planning, along with our mandatory retirement age for directors, are designed to ensure that the Board continues to maintain an appropriate mix of objectivity, skills and experiences to provide fresh perspectives and effective oversight and guidance to Management, while leveraging the institutional knowledge and historical perspective of our longer-tenured directors. Over the next few years, certain of our current Board members will retire due to our mandatory retirement age. With this in mind, our Board has been actively engaged in succession planning and has added ten new members to the Board since 2020, all of whom remain on the Board, with the exception of Walter J. Clayton III who resigned from our Board in 2025 to join the Department of Justice. We believe that having Board members with varying tenures allows for knowledge transfer and information sharing between our newer directors and our retiring directors and ensures an orderly and effective Board succession process over the coming years. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 6 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Our Board s Qualifications 13 Director Nominees Ange lakis Bal ti more Brennan Leonsis Majoras Parkhill Phil lips Pike Quarles Squeri Wal lace Wardell Young Experience and Skills Audit Oversight Brand Marketing Core Business Operations Management (including Human Capital Management) Financial Services Investment Experience Global Business Government, Legal / Regulatory Public Company Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Experience Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight Technology Cybersecurity Our Director Nominees Average Tenure and Age and Representation Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Our Director Nominees As Our Board s Qualifications illustrates, our director nominees have a variety of skills and experiences that help the Company execute its strategy. Specifically, our director nominees hold and have held senior positions as leaders of various large, complex businesses and organizations and in government, demonstrating their ability to develop and execute significant policy and operational objectives at the highest levels. Our nominees include current and former chief executive officers, chief financial officers, chief operating officers, senior regulators and members of senior management of large, global businesses. Through these roles, our nominees have developed expertise in core business strategy, operations, finance, human capital management and leadership development, compliance, controls and risk management, as well as the skills to respond to rapidly evolving business environments and foster innovation and business transformation. Additionally, our nominees experience serving in government and on other public, private and non-profit boards brings valuable knowledge and expertise, including in the areas of public policy, governance, succession planning, compensation, risk management, cybersecurity, financial reporting and regulatory compliance. Detailed biographical information for each director nominee follows. We have included career highlights, other public directorships and select professional and community contributions along with the key qualifications, experience, skills and expertise that we believe each director brings to our Board. Our Board considered all of the aforementioned attributes and the results of our annual Board evaluations when deciding to renominate the following directors. Michael J. Angelakis Independent | Age 61 COMMITTEES Audit and Compliance Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility SKILLS Audit Oversight Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Global Business Government, Legal/ Regulatory Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight Technology Cybersecurity QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS A former Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia who was recognized by Institutional Investor magazine as one of America s Best Chief Financial Officers during his tenure as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Comcast, Mr. Angelakis brings deep knowledge and understanding of business and financial matters that make him an asset to our Board. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Atairos Group , an independent strategic investment fund Founder, Chairman and CEO (2015 to present) Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia Chairman (2016 to 2018) Director (2012 to 2018) Comcast Corporation , a global media and technology company Senior Advisor to the Executive Management Committee (2015 to present) Vice Chairman and CFO (2011 to 2015) Executive Vice President and CFO (2007 to 2011) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIPS Current: Exxon Mobil Corporation (since 2021) (Chair of the finance committee and member of the executive and audit committees) Lucky Strike Entertainment (since 2021) (Chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee) TriNet Group, Inc. (since 2017) (member of the nominating and corporate governance and the compensation and human capital management committees) Previous: Clarivate Plc (2021 to May 2025) Groupon, Inc. (2016 to 2021) Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (2015 to 2020) Duke Energy (2015 to 2017) Current Private Board Memberships: Arcis Golf Corporation The Orogen Group Aston Villa F.C. V Sports Previous Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: Learfield ProQuest LLC Spectra Holdings Babson College (a member of the board of trustees) EDUCATION Graduate of Harvard Business School s Owner/ President Management Program Bachelor of Arts, Babson College Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 8 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Thomas J. Baltimore Independent | Age 62 COMMITTEES Audit and Compliance Compensation and Benefits SKILLS Audit Oversight Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Public Company CEO Experience Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS A seasoned hospitality executive and public company CEO, Mr. Baltimore brings deep expertise in the lodging real estate industry and investment management, an extensive track record of building and running companies and a valuable perspective on risk management to our Board. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Park Hotels Resorts, Inc. , a New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)-listed lodging and real estate investment trust Chairman, President and CEO (2016 to present) RLJ Lodging Trust , a NYSE-listed real estate investment company President, CEO and Director (2011 to 2016) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIPS Current: Comcast Corporation (since 2023) (member of the compensation and human capital committee) Park Hotels Resorts, Inc. (since 2016) (Chairman) Previous: Prudential Financial, Inc. (2008 to 2023) AutoNation, Inc. (2019 to 2021) RLJ Lodging Trust (2011 to 2016) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Current Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: American Hotel Lodging Association (executive committee member) University of Virginia Investment Management Company University of Virginia McIntire School of Commerce Foundation Real Estate Roundtable EDUCATION Master of Business Administration, University of Virginia Bachelor of Science, University of Virginia John J. Brennan LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR since September 2021 | Age 71 COMMITTEES Audit and Compliance (Chair) Compensation and Benefits SKILLS Audit Oversight Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Global Business Government, Legal/ Regulatory Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS As former Chairman and CEO of The Vanguard Group, Inc., one of the world s largest investment companies, Mr. Brennan brings a deep knowledge of the financial industry s operations and unique insights into institutional investors perspectives to the Board. Additionally, through his lengthy tenure as Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), he provides significant expertise in financial regulations, risk oversight and management and audit and reporting matters. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS The Vanguard Group, Inc. , a global investment management company Chairman Emeritus and Senior Advisor (2010 to 2025) Chairman of the board of directors (1998 to 2009) Chief Executive Officer (1996 to 2008) President (1989 to 1996) Chief Financial Officer (1985 to 1989) Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Chairman of the Board of Governors (2003 to 2017) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIPS Previous: General Electric Company (2012 to 2018) LPL Financial Holdings, Inc. (2010 to 2017) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Previous Nonprofit Directorships: University of Notre Dame (Chairman of the board of trustees) Vanguard Charitable Endowment Program (Chairman) King Abdullah University of Science and Technology, Saudi Arabia (founding trustee) Financial Accounting Foundation, an overseer of financial accounting and reporting standard-setting boards EDUCATION Master of Business Administration, Harvard University Bachelor of Arts, Dartmouth College Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Theodore J. Leonsis Independent | Age 70 COMMITTEES Compensation and Benefits Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility SKILLS Brand Marketing Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Global Business Public Company Governance Technology Cybersecurity QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS A prominent entrepreneur and innovator with a track record of success in a wide array of businesses, Mr. Leonsis provides the Board with valuable perspectives on identifying business opportunities and driving new strategies based on changing technologies, social media and digital trends. He also brings significant leadership experience in public, private and nonprofit governance to the Board, including as a result of his service as Chairman of the board of directors of Groupon, Inc. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Monumental Sports Entertainment , one of the world s most valuable regional sports, entertainment, media and technology companies Founder, Chairman and CEO (2010 to present) aXiomatic Gaming , a venture capital firm specializing in strategic partnerships, investments and acquisitions in the esports and video gaming industry Co-Owner and Co-Chairman (2016 to present) Revolution Growth , a venture capital fund investing in growth-stage companies Co-Founder and General Partner and member of the investment committee (2011 to present) An early investor in several well-known brands and companies, including: Sweetgreen, Cava, Clear, DraftKings, Sportradar OTHER PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIPS Current: Groupon, Inc. (since 2009) (Chairman of the board of directors, Chair of the nominating and governance committee and member of the audit and executive committees) Tempus AI, Inc. (since 2019) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Current Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: Greater Washington Partnership (co-founder and co-Chairman ) Georgetown Entrepreneurship (Chair of the advisory board) D.C. College Access Program (Chairman) National Museum of African American History and Culture (member of the Museum Council) National Basketball Association (Chairman of the media committee and member of the board of governors) National Hockey League (Chairman of the media and content committee and member of the board of governors) Women s National Basketball Association (member of the board of governors) Previous Private Board Membership: Revolution Money, Inc. (acquired by American Express in 2010) (Chairman) EDUCATION Bachelor of Arts, Georgetown University Deborah P. Majoras Independent | Age 62 COMMITTEES Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Risk SKILLS Core Business Operations Management Global Business Government, Legal/ Regulatory Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight Technology Cybersecurity QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS A former Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Procter Gamble Co., Ms. Majoras is an accomplished attorney and executive who brings deep expertise and decades of leadership experience in legal, governance and public policy matters to our Board. Additionally, Ms. Majoras tenure in the U.S. government, first as a senior official in the Department of Justice Antitrust Division and then as Chair of the Federal Trade Commission, and her leadership experience on several private and nonprofit committees make her an asset to our Board. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Procter Gamble Co. , a multinational consumer goods company listed on the NYSE President and Special Advisor to the CEO (July to Sept. 2022) Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary (2010 to 2022) SVP and General Counsel (2008 to 2010) Federal Trade Commission Chair (2004 to 2008) U.S. Department of Justice, Antitrust Division Principal Deputy (2003 to 2004) Deputy Assistant Attorney General (2001 to 2003) Jones Day , an international law firm Partner (1999 to 2001) Associate (1991 to 1999) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIPS Current: Valero Energy Corporation (since 2012) (Chair of the sustainability and public policy committee and member of the nominating and corporate governance committee) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Current Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: Brunswick Group University of Virginia School of Law Foundation (member of the budget and finance committee) Westminster College (member of the executive, governance and institutional advancement committees) Ladies Professional Golf Association First Tee Foundation Previous Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: Leadership Council on Legal Diversity Christ Hospital Health Network (member of the compensation and governance committee) Legal Aid Society of Cincinnati (member of the executive and audit committees) United States Golf Association (Chair of the equipment standards, governance and nominating committees and member of the executive committee) EDUCATION Juris Doctor, University of Virginia Bachelor of Arts, Westminster College Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 10 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Karen L. Parkhill Independent | Age 60 COMMITTEES Audit and Compliance Risk (Chair) SKILLS Audit Oversight Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Global Business Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight Technology Cybersecurity QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS An accomplished financial executive who has served as CFO of three public companies, Ms. Parkhill contributes her broad-ranging financial accounting expertise and banking experience to our Board. As CFO of HP Inc., she serves as a strategic advisor to the business and is responsible for leading HP s global Finance organization and all aspects of financial operations. Additionally, she brings a wide range of skills to the Board, including technology and cybersecurity, compliance and risk oversight. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS HP Inc. , a NYSE-listed global technology company Executive Vice President and CFO (2024 to present) Medtronic, Inc. , a global healthcare technology company Executive Vice President and CFO (2016 to 2024) Comerica Inc. , a financial services company Vice Chairman and CFO (2011 to 2016) JPMorgan Chase Co. , a financial holding company CFO of the Commercial Banking business (2005 to 2011) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Previous Nonprofit Board Memberships: Young Women s Christian Association of Metropolitan Chicago Boys and Girls Club of America (national trustee) Methodist Health System EDUCATION Master of Business Administration, University of Chicago Bachelor of Science, Southern Methodist University Charles E. Phillips Independent | Age 66 COMMITTEES Audit and Compliance Risk SKILLS Audit Oversight Brand Marketing Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Global Business Government, Legal/ Regulatory Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight Technology Cybersecurity QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS An accomplished executive with demonstrated leadership in the technology industry and financial services, Mr. Phillips brings valuable perspectives on these industries to the Board. Additionally, his extensive experience as a public company director, including as lead independent director of Compass, Inc., allows him to provide valuable insights on public company governance and risk management. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Recognize , a technology growth equity firm Managing Partner and Co-Founder (2020 to present) Infor, Inc. , an enterprise software application provider Chairman and CEO (2010 to 2020) Federal Reserve Bank of New York Director (2017 to 2020) Oracle Corporation , a provider of products and services that address enterprise information technology needs President (2003 to 2010) Morgan Stanley , a global financial services firm Managing Director (1996 to 2003) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIPS Current: Compass, Inc. (since 2020) (lead independent director, Chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee and member of the audit committee) Previous: Paramount Global (2019 to 2024) Oscar Health (2021 to 2022) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Current Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: Bloomberg LP Apollo Theater (Chairman) Council on Foreign Relations EDUCATION Juris Doctor, New York Law School Master of Business Administration, Hampton University Bachelor of Science, United States Air Force Academy Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Lynn A. Pike Independent | Age 69 COMMITTEES Compensation and Benefits (Chair) SKILLS Audit Oversight Brand Marketing Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Government, Legal/ Regulatory Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS A seasoned banking executive with a career spanning more than 40 years, Ms. Pike brings extensive payments and financial industry expertise, as well as regulator-facing experience, to our Board. She also provides deep operational expertise and public company audit and risk committee experience, and her executive experience included responsibility for brand and marketing decisions and new brand launches. She has served as the Chair of the Board of American Express National Bank (AENB), our U.S. banking subsidiary, since 2019, including as co-Chair with Mr. Squeri from 2021 to 2022. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Capital One Bank , the principal operating subsidiary of a diversified financial services holding company listed on the NYSE President (2007 to 2012) Bank of America , a financial holding company President of Business Banking and President of California (2004 to 2007) FleetBoston , a diversified financial services company acquired by Bank of America in 2004 Managing Director of Consumer Banking (2002 to 2004) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIPS Previous: Hiscox Ltd. (2015 to 2025) (member of the audit committee and former Chair of the risk committee) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Current: American Express National Bank (since 2013) (Chair of the board of directors and member of the audit and the risk and compliance committees) EDUCATION Graduate of the Executive School of Marketing, the Fuqua School of Business, Duke University Randal K. Quarles Independent | Age 68 COMMITTEES Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Risk SKILLS Audit Oversight Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Global Business Government, Legal/ Regulatory Risk Management Oversight QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS A seasoned investment executive, Mr. Quarles brings decades of financial services, public service and private equity experience to our Board. His tenure on the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and at the U.S. Department of the Treasury allows him to provide a keen perspective on financial regulatory matters. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS The Cynosure Group , a diversified investment firm Executive Chairman and Co-Founder (2022 to present) Managing Partner (2013 to 2017) Federal Reserve System Vice Chairman for Supervision of the Board of Governors (2017 to 2021) Financial Stability Board , international body that monitors and coordinates measures to strengthen the global financial system Chair (2017 to 2021) The Carlyle Group , a global investment firm based in Washington, D.C. Partner (2007 to 2013) U.S. Department of the Treasury Under Secretary for Domestic Finance (2005 to 2006) Assistant Secretary for International Affairs (2002 to 2005) Policy Chair of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (2002 to 2005) Deputy Assistant Secretary for Financial Institutions and Special Assistant to the Secretary of the Treasury for Banking Legislation (1991 to 1993) International Monetary Fund U.S. Executive Director (2001 to 2002) Davis Polk Wardwell , an international law firm Partner (1993 to 2001) Previous Public Board Memberships: Xenith Bankshares Inc. (2010 to 2012) NTR Acquisition Co. (2006 to 2009) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Current Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: Patomak Global Partners, LLC, a financial services consulting firm (member of the supervisory board) Intermountain Health, a not-for-profit healthcare system in the Mountain West GSS UK Services Limited, a UK company providing compliance technology for financial firms The Center for Financial Stability, an independent, nonprofit think tank focused on financial markets (Chair of the advisory board) EDUCATION Juris Doctor, Yale University Bachelor of Arts, Columbia University Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 12 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Stephen J. Squeri CHAIRMAN AND CEO since 2018 | Age 67 SKILLS Audit Oversight Brand Marketing Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Global Business Public Company CEO Experience Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight Technology Cybersecurity QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS A skilled and effective leader, as Chairman and CEO of American Express, Mr. Squeri has a unique perspective and has consistently demonstrated leadership qualities and management capabilities to navigate the evolving landscape of the financial services industry and position the Company for continued growth and innovation. His extensive executive leadership experience and strong understanding of running a large, complex business are invaluable to the Board, as they contribute to thoughtful decision-making, effective governance and strategic guidance that strengthen the Company s competitive position and long-term success. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS American Express Company Chairman and CEO (2018 to present) Mr. Squeri has held many positions during his over 40-year tenure at American Express, including: Vice Chairman Group President of Global Corporate Services Group President of Global Services Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer American Express National Bank CEO (2025 to present) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Current Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: Business Roundtable American Society of Corporate Executives Partnership for New York City New York Jobs CEO Council Manhattan University (Chairman of the board of trustees) Monsignor McClancy Memorial High School (member of the board of governors) The Valerie Fund (member of the board of trustees) Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center (member of the board of overseers) Paley Center for Media (member of the board of trustees) EDUCATION Master of Business Administration, Manhattan University Bachelor of Science, Manhattan University Noel Wallace Independent | Age 61 COMMITTEES Audit and Compliance Compensation and Benefits SKILLS Audit Oversight Brand Marketing Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Global Business Public Company CEO Experience Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight Technology Cybersecurity QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS An accomplished consumer-facing public company CEO with a career spanning nearly 40 years in brand marketing, brand strategy and innovation, Mr. Wallace brings extensive operational leadership experience, in-depth knowledge of the global consumer goods industry and global branding and marketing expertise to our Board. His role in overseeing business finance and financial statements as the CEO of the Colgate-Palmolive Company, along with his leadership of transformation in the digital, data and analytics space to enhance personalized messaging allow him to provide valuable perspectives on technology and make him an asset to our Board. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Colgate-Palmolive Company , a worldwide consumer products company listed on the NYSE Chairman of the board of directors (2020 to present) President and CEO (2019 to present) Began his career in 1987 and progressed through senior management roles around the world, including: President and Chief Operating Officer, responsible for all of the operating units worldwide (2018 to 2019) Chief Operating Officer, Global Innovation Growth and Hill s Pet Nutrition (2016 to 2018) President, Colgate Latin America (2013 to 2016) President, Colgate North America and Global Sustainability (2010 to 2013) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIPS Current: Colgate-Palmolive Company (member of the board of directors since 2019 and Chairman of the board of directors since 2020) Previous: Kellanova, formerly known as the Kellogg Company (2015 to 2018) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Current Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: New York Presbyterian Hospital (a member of the board of trustees) The Consumer Goods Forum EDUCATION Bachelor of Business Administration, Texas A M University Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Lisa W. Wardell Independent | Age 56 COMMITTEES Audit and Compliance Risk SKILLS Audit Oversight Core Business Operations Management Financial Services Investment Experience Global Business Public Company CEO Experience Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS A seasoned business executive with more than 25 years of experience managing business strategy, operations, finance and mergers and acquisitions while driving shareholder value, stakeholder engagement and company mission, Ms. Wardell brings extensive senior leadership and global management experience to our Board. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Covista Inc. , a leading healthcare educator listed on the NYSE, formerly known as Adtalem Global Education, Inc. Executive Chairman (2021 to 2022) Chairman and CEO (2016 to 2021) The RLJ Companies , a business network that provides strategic investments in a diverse portfolio of companies Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (2004 to 2016) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIPS Current: Covista Inc. (since 2008) Previous: G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (2022 to 2023) Lowe s Companies, Inc. (2018 to 2021) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Current Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: Univar Solutions The Business Council Economic Club of Chicago PEN/Faulkner Foundation Previous Nonprofit Board Memberships: The Executive Leadership Council EDUCATION Juris Doctor, Stanford University Master of Business Administration, University of Pennsylvania Bachelor of Arts, Vassar College Christopher D. Young Independent | Age 54 COMMITTEES Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility (Chair) Risk SKILLS Audit Oversight Brand Marketing Core Business Operations Management Global Business Public Company CEO Experience Public Company Governance Risk Management Oversight Technology Cybersecurity QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS An accomplished enterprise technology executive with nearly three decades of executive leadership across the technology industry, Mr. Young brings deep cybersecurity expertise and experience in national security and emergency preparedness to the Board. During his tenure at Microsoft, Mr. Young helped shape Microsoft s investment agenda in artificial intelligence and other emerging technologies, while also forging strategic transformative alliances. CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Vertex, Inc. , a leading provider of enterprise compliance technology for global commerce listed on the Nasdaq President and Chief Executive Officer (November 2025 to present) Microsoft Corp. , a technology company that creates AI-powered platforms and tools Executive Vice President Business Development, Strategy and Ventures (2020 to 2025) McAfee, LLC , one of the world s leading independent cybersecurity companies CEO (2017 to 2020) OTHER PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Earlier in his career, held roles at: Cisco RSA (a division of Dell EMC) AOL LLC VMware Cyveillance (co-founder) OTHER PUBLIC BOARD MEMBERSHIPS Current: Vertex, Inc. (since November 2025) Previous: Qualcomm Incorporated (May 2025 to March 17, 2026) Snap, Inc. (2016 to 2020) (member of the audit committee) Rapid7, Inc. (2011 to 2016) Previous Private and Nonprofit Board Memberships: Cybersecurity Infrastructure Security Agency Cybersecurity Advisory Committee The President s National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee Cyber Threat Alliance Princeton University (a member of the board of trustees) EDUCATION Master of Business Administration, Harvard University Bachelor of Arts, Princeton University Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 14 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Ideal Director Nominee Attributes The Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee assesses potential candidates based on their history of achievement, the breadth of their business experiences, whether they bring specific skills or expertise in areas that the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee has identified as desired and whether they possess personal attributes and experiences that will contribute to the sound functioning of our Board. When reviewing potential director nominees, the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee seeks to achieve a mix of directors with a variety of skills, backgrounds, experience and viewpoints and does not discriminate on any basis. Specifically, we seek individuals who: have established records of significant accomplishment in leading global businesses and large, complex organizations. have achieved prominence in their fields and possess skills or significant experience in areas of importance to our business strategy and expected future business needs. possess integrity, independence, energy, forthrightness, strong analytical skills and the commitment to devote the necessary time and attention to the Company s affairs. demonstrate they can constructively challenge and stimulate Management and exercise sound judgment. demonstrate a willingness to work as part of a team in an atmosphere of trust and candor and a commitment to represent the interests of all shareholders rather than those of a specific constituency. will contribute to the skills, experience and backgrounds on our Board. Process for Identifying and Adding New Directors The Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee identifies and adds new directors using the following process: 1. Collect Candidate Pool Independent search firms Independent director recommendations Shareholder recommendations 2. Holistic Candidate Review Potential candidates are comprehensively reviewed and the subject of rigorous discussion during Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee meetings and Board meetings. The candidates that emerge from this process are interviewed by members of the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee and other Board members, including the Chairman and Lead Independent Director. Directors assess candidates on the basis of their skills and experience, their personal attributes and their expected contribution to the skills, experiences and backgrounds on our Board. Extensive due diligence is conducted by third parties, including soliciting feedback from other directors and applicable persons outside the Company. 3. Recommendation to the Board The Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee presents qualified candidates to the Board for review and approval. The Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee uses a professional search firm to help identify, evaluate and conduct due diligence on potential director candidates. A professional search firm supports the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee in conducting a broad search of potential candidates. The Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee also maintains an ongoing list of potential candidates and considers recommendations made by the Board s independent directors. In addition, the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee considers shareholder recommendations for director candidates and applies the same standards in considering candidates submitted by shareholders as it does in evaluating other candidates. Shareholders can recommend candidates by writing to the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee in care of the Company s Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer, whose contact information is on page 35 . Shareholders who wish to submit nominees for election at an annual or special meeting of shareholders should follow the procedure described on page 100 . Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Director Onboarding The Company maintains a comprehensive director onboarding program that is individually tailored to take into account a director s prior experience and background. Our onboarding process is regularly updated and focuses on facilitating integration on the Board, introducing new directors to our business and meeting one-on-one with various members of our senior Management. Our Board Evaluation Process Our Board continually seeks to improve its performance. Our Chairman, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer each routinely communicates with our Board members to obtain real-time feedback. Separately, our Lead Independent Director has regular one-on-one discussions with our Board members and conveys their feedback on an ongoing basis to our Chairman. Our Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee oversees the formal annual evaluation process of the effectiveness of our Board and its standing committees. Conducting a robust annual evaluation process allows the Board to assess its performance and practices and identify areas for improvement. As part of the evaluation process, our Board analyzes and assesses the performance of both the Chairman and the Lead Independent Director, as well as the culture of the Board. In addition, our Board periodically engages an independent third-party evaluation firm as a best practice. We believe that this continuous feedback cycle, along with the formal annual evaluation process, contributes to the overall functioning and ongoing effectiveness of our Board. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 16 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Below is a summary of our Board evaluation process: 1. Annual Board and Committee Evaluations The process, including the evaluation method, is reviewed annually by the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee. Written evaluations are used for the Board and each standing committee and are updated and tailored each year to address the significant processes that drive Board effectiveness. Each director completes a written evaluation on an unattributed basis for the Board and for each committee on which they serve. The evaluations include open-ended questions and space for candid commentary. Our annual Board evaluations cover several areas, including the following: Board efficiency and overall effectiveness. Board and committee structure. Board and committee composition. Satisfaction with the performance of the Chairman. Satisfaction with the performance of the Lead Independent Director. Board member access to the Lead Independent Director, CEO and other members of senior Management. Quality of Board discussions and balance between presentations and discussion. Quality and clarity of materials presented to directors. Board and committee information needs. Satisfaction with Board agendas and the frequency and format of meetings and time allocations. Areas where directors want to increase their focus. Board dynamics and culture. Board and committee access to experts and advisors. Satisfaction with the format of the evaluation. Satisfaction with the flow of information from Management. Satisfaction with the reports on committee activities to ensure committees are properly fulfilling their responsibilities. Providing the necessary information, training, resources and tools needed to ensure effective oversight. Identifying topics and areas that should receive more attention or focus. 2. Summary of the Evaluations and Board and Committee Review The Chair of the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee leads a discussion of the Board and committee evaluation results at the Board level. Separately, each committee Chair leads a discussion of the applicable committee evaluation at each committee meeting and reports on their discussions to the full Board. Directors also deliver feedback to the Lead Independent Director and Chairman of the Board and suggest changes and areas for improvement. 3. Actions Taken in Response to the Evaluation Process Over the Years Include: Streamlined Board committee structure and meeting cadence. Scheduled offsite Board meetings in conjunction with Company site visits. Director onboarding program is regularly modified and enhanced. Board members added with expertise in areas critical to the Company s business strategy and operations. Added topics to Board agendas as suggested by directors. Management with varying degrees of seniority presents to the Board and its committees. Information and materials regularly provided to directors continue to evolve to alleviate information overload and to enable directors to focus on the key data and relevant issues. Format of Board meetings has been updated to enable more time for director discussion with and without the Chairman or other members of Management present. Frequency of informal conversations between directors and key executives has increased to promote accessibility to Management and strengthen relationships between the Board and key executives who are CEO successor candidates. Increased time for director-only gatherings. Director education and presentations on emerging risk areas, compliance, corporate governance, industry disruptors and competitors from outside advisors and experts, including outside counsel, external auditors and independent compensation consultants, as well as regulators and investors. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Our Board Leadership Structure John J. Brennan Lead Independent Director since 2021 Stephen J. Squeri Chairman and CEO since 2018 Our Board is led by Mr. Brennan, our Lead Independent Director, and Mr. Squeri, our Chairman and CEO. We believe that strong independent leadership is essential for our Board to effectively perform its primary oversight functions and constructively challenge Management. We also believe it is critically important for our Board to retain flexibility to determine its leadership structure based on the particular composition of the Board, the individuals serving in leadership positions, the needs and opportunities of the Company as they change over time and considerations such as continuity of leadership, sound succession planning and the additional factors described below. The Board believes that a combined Chairman and CEO role allows the Company to effectively convey its business strategy and core values to shareholders, customers, colleagues, regulators and the public in a single, consistent voice. The Board also recognizes the necessity of having a strong Lead Independent Director with a clearly defined role and set of responsibilities (as detailed below) where there is a combined Chairman and CEO or where the Chairman is not independent. Their leadership is supplemented by engaged and expert committee Chairs along with independent-minded, skilled and committed directors. Our Board and Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee completed their annual review of the Board s leadership structure in March 2026, and the independent directors re-elected Mr. Brennan as Lead Independent Director, a position he has held since September 2021. The annual Board leadership review considered how Mr. Brennan s past experience enables him to perform the duties set forth below as Lead Independent Director as well as the insightful, effective and sound leadership provided by Mr. Brennan. The annual Board leadership review also considered the tangible benefits to the Company of having a Chairman and CEO with an operational focus and extensive Company experience given the global and complex nature of our business. In addition, the review considered how the Company s robust corporate governance practices combined with the Board s current leadership structure help to ensure both clear, strategic alignment throughout the Company and independent oversight of Management. Taking all of these factors into account, our Board continues to believe that our current structure, led by Messrs. Brennan and Squeri, allows the Board to focus on key strategic, policy and operational issues, provides critical and effective leadership (both internally and externally) and creates an environment in which the Board can work effectively and appropriately challenge Management, all of which we believe will benefit the long-term interests of our shareholders. Strong Lead Independent Director with Defined Role and Responsibilities The Board recognizes that, where the positions of Chairman and CEO are combined or where the Chairman is not independent, a strong Lead Independent Director with a clearly defined role and set of responsibilities is paramount for constructive and effective leadership. Our Lead Independent Director facilitates Board discussions on key issues and concerns outside of Board meetings, including risk oversight and management, financial performance and strategic initiatives. Additionally, our Lead Independent Director seeks to ensure that the independent directors effectively challenge Management, including with respect to overseeing risk, maintaining an effective internal controls framework and effectively implementing the Company s strategy consistent with its risk appetite. Mr. Brennan, the Board s Lead Independent Director, has been a member of the Board since 2017. During his tenure as a Board member, Mr. Brennan has established strong and effective working relationships with his fellow directors and garnered their trust and respect. Furthermore, he has demonstrated strong leadership skills, independent thinking and a deep understanding of our business. Mr. Brennan chairs the Audit and Compliance Committee and is a member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee. He was the Chair of the Risk Committee until his election as Lead Independent Director in September 2021 and regularly attends Risk Committee and Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee meetings as an observer. The position of Lead Independent Director at American Express comes with a clear mandate and significant authority and responsibilities that are detailed below and can be found in our Board-approved Corporate Governance Principles. Mr. Brennan fulfills these responsibilities in his role as Lead Independent Director. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 18 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Lead Independent Director Key Responsibilities Preside at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including the executive sessions of the independent directors, and apprise the Chairman of the issues considered and decisions reached at those sessions. Call additional meetings of the independent directors as needed. Lead the Board in putting forth its expectations for tone at the top. Meet regularly with the Chairman and serve as a liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors. Facilitate effective and candid communication to optimize Board performance. Coordinate with the Chair of the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee (as needed) to recruit and interview qualified candidates for the Board. Lead the annual evaluation of the Chairman and CEO and, together with the Chair of the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee, the evaluation of the performance and effectiveness of the Board. Advise the Chairman of the Board s informational needs, participate in the setting of Board meeting agendas, including requesting the inclusion of additional agenda items at his or her discretion, and review and approve the types of information sent to the Board. Review and approve the schedule of Board meetings to ensure that the appropriate items are being discussed and that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items. Monitor and coordinate with the Chairman on appropriate governance issues and developments. Be available as appropriate for consultation and direct communication with major shareholders. Advise and meet with the Chairs of each committee of the Board as needed to assist with the fulfillment of each such committee Chair s responsibilities to the Board. Consult with the Chair of the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee and the Board on succession planning and appointments for each committee of the Board. Our Lead Independent Director may identify risk-related issues for the Board to consider and discuss, in consultation with the Chairman, as appropriate. In addition, all Board members are encouraged to propose the inclusion of additional Board agenda items that they deem necessary or appropriate in carrying out their duties. All Board members have direct access to the Chairman and to the Lead Independent Director. Our Board s Primary Role and Responsibilities, Structure and Processes Our Board bears the responsibility for the oversight of Management on behalf of our shareholders in order to ensure long-term value creation. The Board, as a whole, is responsible for risk oversight at the Company and fulfills this responsibility through its committees and its oversight of Management. This approach allows the Board to draw upon the experience and judgment of all directors in understanding and overseeing the Company s risks. In that regard, the primary responsibilities of our Board include, but are not limited to: oversight of the Company s annual business plan and development of the Company s strategy, including strategic objectives for the Company s businesses, ongoing succession planning and talent management, including the review of the results of the Company s Annual Colleague Experience Survey, and oversight of risk management, including overseeing the development of the Company s risk appetite. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 How Our Board Oversees Our Annual Business Plan and Corporate Strategy Our Board is responsible for overseeing the development of the Company s strategy, which articulates the Company s strategic objectives for its businesses; helps establish and maintain an effective risk management structure and control function; and provides direction to senior Management to determine which business opportunities to pursue. At the beginning of each year, our senior Management presents our consolidated annual business plan to the Board, and the Board discusses the Company s results relative to the plan periodically throughout the year. The Board holds senior Management accountable for effectively implementing the Company s strategy consistent with its risk appetite, while maintaining an effective risk management framework and system of internal controls. Each year, the Board holds a strategy meeting to conduct a deep dive into the Company s strategic goals, timeline to achieve these goals and execution plans. How Our Board Engages in Ongoing CEO and Key Executive Succession Planning Our Board ensures that we have the right Management talent to pursue our strategies successfully. Our Board calendar includes at least one meeting each year at which the Board conducts a detailed talent review, which includes a review of the Company s talent strategies, leadership pipeline and succession plans for key executive positions. The entire Board is involved in the critical aspects of the CEO succession planning process, including establishing selection criteria that reflect our business strategies, identifying and evaluating potential internal candidates and making key Management succession decisions. Succession and development plans are regularly discussed with the CEO as well as without the CEO present in executive sessions of the Board. The Board makes sure that it has adequate opportunities to meet with and assess development plans for potential CEO and senior Management successors to address identified gaps in skills and attributes. This occurs through various means, including Management attendance at Board meetings, informal one-on-one meetings and Board dinners, Management presentations to the Board and committees and the comprehensive annual talent review by the Board. We believe informal sessions between the Board and senior Management enable members of the Board to build stronger working relationships with potential CEO successor candidates, provide access and opportunities to relay feedback to Management and strengthen their working knowledge of our business, strategy and culture. In addition, the Board has developed and approved an emergency CEO succession plan. The Board also oversees Management s succession planning for other key executive positions. We believe that maintaining our strong culture, adhering to our Blue Box Values and ensuring that our people feel respected, valued, recognized and backed help us attract, develop and engage the right talent for American Express success. Therefore, as part of the Board s oversight of key executive succession planning, the Board reviews several colleague development, compensation and wellness programs each year, in addition to the detailed results of the Company s Annual Colleague Experience Survey. Our Annual Colleague Experience Survey provides the Board with insight on the overall sentiment of colleagues across several aspects of their experience, including leadership, engagement, work life, risk and controls, career development and well-being by soliciting feedback about their work environment and culture at the Company. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 20 2026 PROXY STATEMENT How Our Board Oversees Risk Management Board of Directors Our Board and its committees provide oversight of risk management and monitor our risk culture and tone at the top. Our CEO and other members of senior Management regularly report to the Board and its committees to discuss short-term, intermediate-term and long-term risks, including across our six principal risk categories: strategic risk reputational risk liquidity risk market risk credit risk operational and compliance risk These reports support oversight of risk management and the ongoing evaluation of management controls by the Board and its committees. Each committee consists entirely of independent directors and provides regular reports to the Board regarding matters reviewed at such committee meetings. The committees meet regularly in executive sessions with our CFO, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Audit Executive, Head of Credit Review and other members of senior Management regarding our risk management processes, risk profile and performance, controls, talent and capabilities. The Board believes that these meetings help promote an effective, ongoing risk dialogue between the Board and Management. Additionally, the Board and Management may engage with outside advisors and experts to provide insights regarding proper oversight over the risk management process and for external perspectives on trends and risks facing the Company. Mr. Brennan, the Lead Independent Director, has deep experience in identifying, assessing and managing the risk exposures of a large, complex financial firm in a highly regulated sector as a result of his prior experience as Chairman, CEO and CFO of Vanguard, one of the largest investment companies in the world focused on consumer-oriented products and services. Mr. Brennan brings his extensive experience to bear in relation to the Board s role in risk oversight. Mr. Brennan chairs the Audit and Compliance Committee and is a member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee. He was the Chair of the Risk Committee until his election as Lead Independent Director in September 2021 and regularly attends Risk Committee and Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee meetings as an observer. Additionally, to assist in risk management oversight, the Company is required under the Federal Reserve System s (Federal Reserve) Enhanced Prudential Standards to have a stand-alone Risk Committee, which must include at least one member with experience in identifying, assessing and managing risk exposures of large, complex financial firms. The Risk Committee is chaired by Ms. Parkhill, who brings a wealth of risk management experience as a public company CFO for the past 14 years in a number of industries, including technology, banking and healthcare. She currently serves as the Executive Vice President and CFO of HP Inc., where she is responsible for leading all aspects of the company s financial operations, including critical control functions. Additional members of the Risk Committee have extensive experience overseeing technology, cyber, legal, compliance, liquidity, credit, reputational and other risks faced by the Company. We believe that our current Board leadership structure and risk management committee structure facilitates effective oversight and management over key risk areas. The following graphic illustrates our risk management committee governance structure, as further detailed below. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Risk Committee Provides oversight of our risk management processes and methodologies and approves our Risk Governance Framework, which: Describes the key components of risk management, including governance, oversight, roles and responsibilities across the three lines of defense, the risk taxonomy and the Risk Appetite Framework. Includes the Risk Appetite Framework, which defines the nature and level of risk the Company is willing to take within its capacity and is approved by the Risk Committee at least annually. It provides the structure of limits, thresholds, and escalation processes that align risk-taking with strategic objectives. Reviews and concurs with the appointment, replacement, performance and compensation of our Chief Risk Officer. Receives regular updates from the Chief Risk Officer on key risks and exposures. Receives regular reports on cybersecurity and related emerging technology risks, including risks related to the use of AI and GenAI. Reviews our risk profile against the tolerances specified in the Risk Appetite Framework, including significant risk exposures, risk trends in our portfolios and major risk concentrations and the steps taken by Management to monitor, control and report such exposures, trends and concentrations. Provides oversight of Management s compliance with regulatory capital and liquidity standards and our Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment process, including the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review submissions. Monitors the quality and effectiveness of the Company s technology security, data privacy and disaster recovery capabilities. Compensation and Benefits Committee Works with the Chief Colleague Experience Officer and the Chief Risk Officer to ensure our overall compensation programs, as well as those covering our business units and risk-taking employees, appropriately balance risk with business incentives and that business performance is achieved without taking imprudent or excessive risk. Our Chief Risk Officer is actively involved in setting risk goals, including for our business units. Our Chief Risk Officer also reviews the current and forward-looking risk profiles of each business unit and provides input into the overall performance on risk. Our Chief Risk Officer meets with the Compensation and Benefits Committee and attests as to whether performance goals and results have been achieved without taking imprudent risks. Uses a risk-balanced incentive compensation framework to decide on our bonus pools and the compensation of senior executives. Approves the charter of, and receives reports from, Management s Risk Performance Incentive Review Committee, which reviews whether certain risk outcomes warrant downward adjustment to incentive compensation. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 22 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Audit and Compliance Committee Assists the Board in its oversight responsibilities relating to the integrity of our annual and quarterly consolidated financial statements and financial and regulatory reporting processes, internal and external auditing, including the qualifications and independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of our internal audit services and credit review functions, and the integrity of our systems of internal control over financial reporting and legal and regulatory compliance. Provides oversight of our Internal Audit Group and Credit Review Group. Periodically reviews and discusses with Management and the Company s independent registered public accounting firm the Company s accounting policies, critical accounting estimates and critical auditing matters. Periodically reviews with Management the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and Management s conclusions about the efficacy of such disclosure controls and procedures. Reviews and concurs in the appointment, replacement, performance and compensation of our Chief Audit Executive and approves our Internal Audit Group s annual audit plan, charter, policies, budgets and overall risk assessment methodology. Receives regular updates on the status of the audit plan and results including significant reports issued by our Internal Audit Group and the status of our corrective actions. Reviews and concurs in the appointment, replacement, performance and compensation of the Head of Credit Review and approves our Credit Review Group s annual plan, charter, policies and budgets. Receives periodic reporting on activities of the Credit Review Group, including the status of Management s corrective actions related to the Credit Review Group s remit. Receives regular updates from the Chief Compliance Officer and reviews and approves our compliance policies, which include our Compliance Risk Tolerance Statement. Reviews the effectiveness of our Company-wide Compliance Risk Management Program. Appoints, replaces, reviews and evaluates the qualifications of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Establishes procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Company of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. Receives and discusses whistleblower claims, fraud situations and reports from Management regarding significant ethics violations under the Company s Code of Conduct and other corporate governance policies. Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee Assists the Board in providing oversight of corporate governance matters consistent with the long-term best interests of the Company and its shareholders, including as to opportunities and risks related to corporate governance structure and practices, matters pertaining to CEO and key senior Management succession and the Company s Related Person Transaction Policy. Reviews the Company s practices and positions relating to public policy and governance issues that may impact the Company s reputation and key stakeholders, and the manner in which the Company conducts its government relations and political contributions activities. Cybersecurity Oversight and Risk Management We maintain an information security and cybersecurity program and a cybersecurity governance framework that are designed to protect our information systems against operational risks related to cybersecurity. Information security and cybersecurity risk is an operational risk under our enterprise risk taxonomy, which is measured and managed as part of our operational risk management framework. Operational risk is incorporated into our Risk Governance Framework, which we use to identify, assess, control, measure monitor and report escalate risks. Our Board receives an update on cybersecurity at least once a year from our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) or the CISO s designee. Our Risk Committee receives reports on cybersecurity at least twice a year, including in at least one joint meeting with the Audit and Compliance Committee, and our Board and these committees all receive ad hoc updates as needed. In addition, the Risk Committee annually approves the Company s Technology Risk and Information Security (TRIS) program described below. Our TRIS program, which is our enterprise information security and cybersecurity program incorporated in our Risk Governance Framework and led by our CISO, is designed to (i) ensure the security, confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information and information systems; (ii) protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security, confidentiality, integrity or Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 availability of such information and information systems; and (iii) protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information or information systems that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to us, our colleagues or our customers. Our CISO, who reports to the Chief Information Officer, leads the strategy, engineering and operations of cybersecurity across the Company and is responsible for providing annual updates to our Board, the Enterprise Risk Management Committee (ERMC) and the Technology, Data and Resiliency Risk Committee on our TRIS program, as well as ad hoc updates on information security and cybersecurity matters. The TRIS program aligns with the standards developed by the Cyber Risk Institute Profile for the financial sector and global regulatory requirements, is built upon a foundation of advanced security technology, employs a highly trained team of experts and is designed to operate in alignment with global regulatory requirements. The program deploys multiple layers of controls, including embedding security into our technology investments, which are designed to identify, protect, detect, respond to and recover from information security and cybersecurity incidents. Those controls are measured and monitored by a combination of subject matter experts, and a security operations center with integrated cyber detection, response and recovery capabilities. Cybersecurity risks related to third parties are managed as part of our Third-Party Management Policy, which sets forth the procurement, risk management and contracting framework for managing third-party relationships commensurate with their risk and complexity. Technology Risk and Information Security Program Highlights We have a Cyber Crisis Response Plan in place that provides a documented framework for handling critical security incidents and facilitates coordination across the Company. We are active participants in industry and government forums and collaborate with our peers in the areas of threat intelligence, vulnerability management and incident response and drills. We engage third parties to provide specialized services and capabilities, including vulnerability insights, operation of security controls and threat intelligence. We routinely perform simulations and drills at both a technical and management level. We incorporate reviews and assessments by our independent Technical Risk Management Team (part of our second line of defense), our Internal Audit Group (our third line of defense) and external experts. Colleagues receive annual cybersecurity awareness training. We continuously assess the risks and changes in the cyber environment and adjust our program and investments as appropriate. For more information on our cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance, see Item 1C. Cybersecurity in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K (Annual Report). Board Oversight of AI We continue to explore ways to deploy new and developing technologies, such as AI and GenAI tools, to enhance our payments platform and customer and colleague experience. The Risk Committee of our Board is primarily responsible for oversight of risks and opportunities related to our use of AI and GenAI, including our use of AI or GenAI tools in accordance with our Risk Governance Framework. The Risk Committee is focused on overseeing and monitoring our AI governance structure, including appropriate guardrails, training and consideration of risks and benefits. To manage risks posed by AI, we have adopted an Artificial Intelligence Risk Management Policy which addresses the use of all AI systems and applies to all colleagues, products and lines of business. This policy follows the three lines of defense approach to risk management, in alignment with our Risk Governance Framework, and outlines a process for risk escalations at the enterprise level to ensure timely escalations are provided to Management or the Board. Additionally, the Artificial Intelligence Risk Management Policy governs risk management of third-party use of AI. Our Board receives regular updates on the Company s use of AI and GenAI in strategic business presentations with Management and through risk reporting. Management Oversight of Risk While our Board is responsible for risk oversight, Management is responsible for assessing and managing the Company s risks, as well as providing appropriate risk reporting and information to the Board. We use our comprehensive Risk Governance Framework to identify, assess, control, measure monitor and report escalate risks. The Risk Governance Framework also defines our risk appetite, governance, controls, culture and capabilities. The implementation and execution of the Risk Governance Framework is headed by our CEO and Chief Risk Officer. We have several internal Management-level risk committees that implement our Risk Governance Framework and facilitate the execution of Management s risk management responsibilities, including the ERMC, co-chaired by our CEO and Chief Risk Officer. The ERMC is the highest-level Management committee to oversee all firm-wide risks and is responsible for risk governance, risk oversight and risk appetite. It maintains the enterprise-wide Risk Appetite Framework and monitors risk-taking activities Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 24 2026 PROXY STATEMENT against our Risk Appetite Framework as well as compliance with limits and escalations defined therein. The ERMC oversees implementation of the Risk Governance Framework and certain risk management policies. The ERMC reviews key risk exposures, trends and concentrations, as well as significant compliance matters, and provides guidance on the steps to monitor, control and report major risks. The ERMC has a direct escalation path to the Risk Committee and the Risk Committee reviews and approves the charter of the ERMC annually. There are three types of risk management committees that report to the ERMC: (i) business unit risk committees, which receive reporting and make decisions on risks applicable for a given revenue-generating business unit, and are co-chaired by the business unit head and the business unit chief risk officer; (ii) organizational risk committees, which receive reporting and make decisions associated with a given first line function and are co-chaired by the first line unit lead and the second line risk type lead; and (iii) horizontal risk committees, which receive reporting and make decisions associated with one or more risk types and are chaired or co-chaired by the second line risk type lead(s). The ERMC delegates authority to these underlying risk management committees through review and approval of their charters on an annual basis. As part of our Risk Governance Framework, we have implemented the three lines of defense approach to risk management. The first line of defense is the primary owner of risk-taking and risk management. The first line includes colleagues who are responsible for generating revenue, providing operational support in the delivery of products and services to our customers or providing technology services for the execution of business activities. All members of the first line are responsible for appropriately assessing and managing all risks associated with their business activities, consistent with our established risk appetite. The second line of defense supports our Board in defining the framework by which risk should be managed across the enterprise. It then implements the framework by enacting policies, standards and procedures and creating governance structures. Additionally, the second line provides independent review, challenge, monitoring and oversight of first line activities to enforce adherence to the risk framework and determine the action required if first line activities do not align with the framework. Our Internal Audit Group and Credit Review Group constitute the third line of defense and provide independent assurance by assessing the quality and effectiveness of our processes and systems of internal control, risk management, and risk governance, compliance with applicable regulations and the reliability and integrity of our financial and operational information. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 Our Board Committees Our 2025 Board standing committee membership information is listed on the following pages. Each current member of our standing committees and each member in 2025 was independent and fulfilled the requirements applicable to each committee on which he or she served. Board Committee Responsibilities Audit and Compliance Committee 9 Meetings in 2025 John J. Brennan, Chair Role and Responsibilities: Assists the Board in its oversight of the integrity of our consolidated financial statements, related financial and regulatory reporting processes and internal and external auditing, including the qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm; the performance of the Company s Internal Audit Group and Credit Review Group services functions; the integrity of our systems of internal control over financial reporting; and legal and regulatory compliance. See page 45 under Report of the Audit and Compliance Committee for additional information regarding the duties of the Audit and Compliance Committee with respect to oversight of our financial reporting process. Appoints, replaces, reviews and evaluates the qualifications of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Oversees the process for the receipt, retention and treatment, on a confidential basis, of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. Reviews and approves the Company s Corporate-Wide Compliance Risk Management Policy and Global Anti-Money Laundering Policy. Reviews the Company s Annual Compliance Plan and Management actions on significant compliance matters. Reviews and assesses the Company s Code of Conduct and the Code of Business Conduct for Members of the Board of Directors, approves any substantive updates thereto and recommends such substantive updates for approval by the Board. Reviews and discusses reports from Management regarding significant reported ethics violations under our Code of Conduct and other corporate governance policies. Meets regularly in executive session with Management, including with the Company s CFO, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Audit Executive and Head of Credit Review, and also with the lead engagement partner from the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Please see How Our Board Oversees Risk Management on page 20 for additional information regarding the activities of the Audit and Compliance Committee. Other 2025 Members Michael J. Angelakis (joined March 3, 2025) Thomas J. Baltimore (until March 3, 2025 and rejoined July 23, 2025) Walter J. Clayton III (until March 3, 2025) Karen L. Parkhill Charles E. Phillips (joined March 3, 2025) Noel Wallace (joined July 23, 2025) Lisa W. Wardell Qualifications Independence and Financial Literacy: Each member of the Audit and Compliance Committee is independent and financially literate. Audit Committee Financial Experts: Messrs. Angelakis and Brennan and Mses. Parkhill and Wardell each meet the requirements as defined by SEC rules. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 26 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Compensation and Benefits Committee 5 Meetings in 2025 Lynn A. Pike, Chair Role and Responsibilities: Oversees the compensation of our executive officers and other employees under its purview. Oversees our colleague compensation plans and arrangements and benefit plans. Reviews and approves the overall compensation philosophy and strategy for the Company and its executive officers, including the selection of performance measures that appropriately balance risk with business objectives, and the review of our compensation practices so business performance is achieved without taking imprudent or excessive risk, with appropriate input from the Company s Chief Risk Officer and the Management-level Risk Performance Incentive Review Committee. Evaluates potential conflicts of interest with respect to its advisors. Reviews key colleague experience initiatives and programs. Reviews, approves and administers the Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation and any other clawback policy or provisions allowing the Company to recoup or otherwise recover the compensation paid or payable to the executive officers and other employees of the Company. Maintains and administers a Policy Regarding Granting of Equity Awards. Please see How Our Board Oversees Risk Management on page 20 for additional information regarding the activities of the Compensation and Benefits Committee. Compensation and Benefits Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Neither any current member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee nor any person who served as a member of such committee during the last fiscal year is a former or current officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Neither any current member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee nor any person who served as a member of such committee during the last fiscal year has any relationship required to be disclosed under this caption under the rules of the SEC. Other 2025 Members Thomas J. Baltimore (joined March 3, 2025) John J. Brennan Theodore J. Leonsis Charles E. Phillips (until March 3, 2025) Daniel L. Vasella Noel Wallace (joined July 23, 2025) Qualifications Independence: Each member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee is independent. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee 5 Meetings in 2025 Christopher D. Young, Chair Role and Responsibilities: Considers and recommends candidates for election to the Board, consistent with criteria approved by the Board. Provides oversight of and advice with respect to corporate governance matters at the Company consistent with the long-term best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Advises the Board on non-employee director compensation. Oversees the annual performance evaluation process for the Board and Board committees, including establishing criteria for evaluating their performance. Advises the Board on Board leadership. Considers feedback from shareholders regarding governance practices. Administers the Related Person Transaction Policy. Supports the Board with respect to CEO and Management succession planning. Reviews legislation, regulations and policies affecting us and the communities we serve, our employees Political Action Committee, our corporate political contributions and our political engagement activities, including those described below. Reviews the Company s philanthropic and community impact programs as well as our practices, positions, strategy, reporting, policies and programs on sustainability matters, and the impact those matters have on the Company s reputation and key stakeholders. Please see How Our Board Oversees Risk Management on page 20 for additional information regarding the activities of the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee. Political Engagement Activities We communicate with policymakers on public policy issues important to the Company. In addition to our advocacy efforts, we participate in the political process through the American Express Political Action Committee (AXP PAC) and through corporate political contributions in those jurisdictions where it is permissible. AXP PAC is funded solely by voluntary employee contributions and does not contribute to presidential campaigns. We maintain comprehensive compliance procedures to ensure that our activities are conducted in accordance with all relevant laws, and Management regularly reports to the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee regarding its engagement in the public policy arena and its political contributions. Information regarding our Company s political activities, including U.S. political contributions, may be found at https://ir.americanexpress.com/governance- and-corporate-responsibility/policy- engagement-and-political-activity/default.aspx. Other 2025 Members Michael J. Angelakis (joined March 3, 2025) Walter J. Clayton III (until March 3, 2025) Theodore J. Leonsis Deborah P. Majoras Randal K. Quarles (joined July 23, 2025) Daniel L. Vasella Qualifications Independence: Each member of the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee is independent. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 28 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Risk Committee 9 Meetings in 2025 Karen L. Parkhill, Chair Role and Responsibilities Assists the Board in its oversight of the Company s Risk Governance Framework and roles and responsibilities of the three lines of defense, and other risk management policies and procedures established by Management to identify, assess, control, measure monitor and report escalate key risks facing the Company. Assists the Board in its oversight of Management s execution of capital management, liquidity planning and resolution planning. Monitors the quality and effectiveness of the Company s information technology security. Meets regularly in executive session with the Company s Chief Risk Officer. Oversees conduct risk as a component of operational risk, including, but not limited to, receiving updates and reports from Management on the state of conduct risk at the Company. Approves the Risk Governance Framework, which sets out risk governance, risk oversight and risk appetite, including guiding the monitoring of emerging risks. Please see How Our Board Oversees Risk Management on page 20 for additional information regarding the activities of the Risk Committee. Other 2025 Members Deborah P. Majoras Charles E. Phillips Randal K. Quarles (joined July 23, 2025) Lisa W. Wardell Christopher D. Young Qualifications Independence: Each member of the Risk Committee is independent. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 Our Corporate Governance Framework We have adopted Corporate Governance Principles that, together with our Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, the charters of the four standing committees of the Board (Audit and Compliance, Compensation and Benefits, Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility and Risk), our Code of Conduct (which constitutes our code of ethics for colleagues) and the Code of Business Conduct for Members of the Board of Directors, provide our governance framework. Key governance policies and processes also include our Whistleblower Policy, our Risk Governance Framework, our commitment to transparent financial reporting and our systems of internal checks and balances. Comprehensive management policies, many of which are approved at the Board committee level, guide how the Company manages and controls risk and conducts day-to-day operations. Our Board, along with Management, regularly reviews our Corporate Governance Principles and practices to ensure that they are appropriate and reflect our high standards and Blue Box Values. In reviewing our Corporate Governance Principles and making recommendations, the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee considers the views of shareholders expressed to us in engagement meetings, as well as publicly available perspectives on governance topics. The following documents may be found under Governance Corporate Responsibility on our Investor Relations webpage at https://ir.americanexpress.com. You may also access our Investor Relations website at the bottom of our main website www.americanexpress.com. You may also obtain free copies of the following materials by writing to our Company s Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE Restated Certificate of Incorporation By-Laws Corporate Governance Principles Corporate Sustainability Disclosures Colleague Code of Conduct (which constitutes our code of ethics for colleagues) Code of Business Conduct for Members of the Board of Directors Whistleblower Claims Policy Charters for each of the four standing Board committees: Audit and Compliance Committee Charter Compensation and Benefits Committee Charter Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee Charter Risk Committee Charter Majority Voting Standard for Director Elections In a non-contested election, directors are elected by a majority of for votes cast by shareholders. A non-contested election is an election where the number of nominees is the same as the number of directors to be elected. If a director receives a greater number of votes against than votes for his or her election, the director is required to immediately submit his or her resignation to the Board. The Board, excluding such individual, will decide whether or not to accept such resignation and will promptly disclose and explain its decision in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. In a contested election, the director nominees who receive the plurality of votes cast are elected as directors. Under the plurality standard, the number of persons equal to the number of vacancies to be filled who receive more votes than other nominees are elected to the Board, regardless of whether they receive a majority of votes cast. An election is considered contested under our Certificate of Incorporation if there are more nominees than positions on the Board to be filled at the meeting of shareholders as of the 14th day prior to the date on which we file our definitive proxy statement with the SEC. Our Policy on Director Outside Board Commitments Our Board expects individual directors to allot sufficient time and attention to Company matters and to use their judgment and consider all of their commitments when accepting additional directorships with other corporations or charitable organizations. Our Board recognizes that our directors have the time and ability to maintain the focus and commitment expected at our Board and committee meetings as well as those of other public companies. Our Corporate Governance Principles provide that, as a general matter, a director should not serve on the boards of more than four public companies (including ours) or, if the director is an active chief executive officer or equivalent of another public company, on the boards of more than three public companies (including ours). Additionally, a director who serves on our Audit and Compliance Committee should not serve on more than two other public company audit committees. Our Board believes that our policy strikes the right balance by allowing for the depth and breadth of experience gained through membership on other boards and the time commitment needed for engaged board service. Proxy Summary Corporate Governance at American Express Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Audit Committee Matters Executive Compensation Shareholder Proposals Stock Ownership Information Other Information TABLE OF CONTENTS 30 2026 PROXY STATEMENT Our Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee believes it is important for directors to balance the insights gained from their roles on other boards with the ability to prepare for, attend and participate effectively in our Board and committee meetings. As a result, the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee evaluates director performance to ensure directors continue to have the time and commitment to fulfill their obligations to our Board. When vetting prospective directors, a key component of the Company s due diligence process includes inquiry into whether an individual has sufficient capacity to devote to being an engaged and productive member of our Board. During the annual renomination process, the Nominating, Governance and Public Responsibility Committee considers a number of factors when deciding whether to renominate a director, including meeting attendance, individual contributions at meeti