=== AXP_2026-02-06.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS This section highlights certain risks that could affect us and our businesses, broadly categorized in accordance with the risk types identified in our risk governance framework: “Strategic and Reputational Risks,” “Operational and Compliance Risks” and “Credit, Market and Liquidity Risks.” You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in “Risk Management” under “MD&A,” which describes our approach to identifying, monitoring and managing the risks we assume in conducting our businesses and provides certain quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks. Although we have devoted and continue to devote significant resources to develop and strengthen our risk management capabilities and control environment, we may not be successful in meeting regulatory expectations and managing the risks to which we are exposed. The risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Strategic and Reputational Risks Macroeconomic conditions are a major driver of our results of operations and changes in the business and economic environment may materially adversely affect our business. We offer a broad array of products and services to consumers, small businesses, mid-sized companies and large corporations and thus are very dependent upon the level of consumer and business activity and the demand for payment and financing products. Slow economic growth, economic contraction, persistent inflationary pressures or shifts in broader consumer and business trends can significantly impact customer behaviors, including spending on our cards, the ability and willingness of Card Members to borrow and pay amounts owed to us, demand for fee-based products and services and levels of customers’ deposits with us. Factors such as consumer spending and confidence, household income and housing prices, levels of unemployment and underemployment, business investment and inventory levels, bankruptcies, geopolitical instability, public policy decisions and uncertainty, government spending and debt, international trade relationships, tariffs, interest rates, taxes, inflation and deflation (including the effects of related governmental responses), impacts of new technologies, energy costs and availability of capital and credit all affect the economic environment and, ultimately, our profitability. Additionally, sustained periods of high inflation may, among other things, increase certain of our expenses and erode consumer purchasing power, confidence and spending. An economic downturn or recession may result in higher unemployment and lower household income, consumer spending, corporate earnings and business investment, which may negatively impact spending on our cards and demand for our products, and increase delinquencies and write-off rates. Spending by our premium consumer Card Members, for example, is sensitive to personal discretionary spending levels and tends to decline during general economic downturns. Likewise, spending by small business and corporate clients, which comprised approximately 41 percent of our worldwide billed business during 2025, depends in part on the economic environment and a favorable climate for continued business investment and new business formation. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the economic environment generally can be sudden and severe and can impact customer types and geographies in which we operate in very different ways. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical conditions, weather, natural disasters and other catastrophic events. Geopolitical conditions, terrorist attacks, military conflicts, supply chain issues, natural disasters, severe weather, widespread health emergencies or pandemics, information or cybersecurity incidents (including intrusion into or degradation or unavailability of systems or technology by cyberattacks), operational incidents and other catastrophic events can have a material adverse effect on our business. Political and social conditions, including geopolitical instability (such as from tensions involving China and the United States), fiscal and monetary policies (including developments related to the U.S. federal deficit, debt ceiling, government shutdowns and other budgetary issues), trade wars and tariffs, labor shortages, regional or domestic hostilities, economic sanctions and the prospect or occurrence of more widespread conflicts could also negatively affect our business, operations and partners, consumer and business spending, including travel patterns and business investment, and demand for credit. Pandemics and other health emergencies can have widespread and unpredictable impacts on global society, economic conditions and consumer and business behavior. Because we derive a portion of our revenues from travel-related spending and many of our partners’ businesses relate to travel, our business is sensitive to impacts to travel and tourism, such as health and safety concerns and limitations on travel and mobility. In addition, disruptions in air travel and other forms of travel can result in the payment of claims under travel protection products we offer. We are a multinational company that derives a substantial portion of its revenues from activities outside of the United States and many of our U.S. customers have an international presence or are otherwise affected by global developments. Accordingly, events that impact international relations and geopolitical stability may have a significant impact on our business. For example, several countries have implemented and are considering the further implementation of tariffs, trade barriers or restrictions and other retaliatory international or domestic policies, as well as other measures affecting cross-border commerce, migration and the flow of information. These actions have had and may likely continue to have broad consequences for the global economy and regional and country economies, as well as impacts to global supply chains and negative effects on our customers and partners, which may adversely affect our business. There are multiple ongoing military conflicts around the world and geopolitical tensions may result in additional conflicts or escalate existing conflicts. Such conflicts have led to economic uncertainty and market disruptions. For example, as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, we exited our business operations in Russia and Belarus. Geopolitical conditions may adversely affect macroeconomic conditions and our business in a number of ways, including potential retaliatory action against companies such as us and our clients and partners, further sanctions activity and export controls, heightened regulatory scrutiny, increased inflation, further increases or fluctuations in goods and energy prices, decreases in global travel, further disruptions to the global 22 Table of Contents supply chain and increased prevalence and sophistication of cyberattacks. If international political instability and geopolitical tensions continue or increase, our business and results of operations could be harmed. Hurricanes, wildfires and other natural disasters have impacted, and may continue to impact, spending and credit performance in the areas affected. Disasters and catastrophic events, and the impact of such events on certain industries or the overall economy, could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and infrastructure, including our technology and systems and those of our partners and suppliers. Climate-related risks may exacerbate certain of these threats, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events. Card Members in California, Florida, New York, Texas, Georgia and New Jersey account for a significant portion of U.S. consumer and small business billed business and Card Member loans, and our results of operations could be impacted by events or conditions that disproportionately or specifically affect one or more of those states. Our operating results may materially suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry. The payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with networks, issuers, acquirers and other payment service providers and methods of payment, including paper-based transactions (e.g., cash and checks) and electronic transfers (e.g., wire transfers and ACH), as well as evolving and growing alternative mechanisms, systems and products (e.g., web- and mobile-based payment platforms). If we are not able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, develop compelling value propositions for our customers and/or effectively use emerging technologies to grow in evolving areas such as digital payments and agentic commerce, we may not be able to compete effectively. We believe Visa and Mastercard are larger than we are in most countries based on purchase volume. As a result, card issuers and acquirers on the Visa and Mastercard networks may be able to benefit from the dominant position, scale, resources, marketing and pricing of those networks. Our business may also be negatively affected if we are unable to continue increasing merchant acceptance (including by merchants that accept cards on the Visa and Mastercard networks) and perceptions of coverage, or if our Card Members do not experience welcome acceptance of our cards. Some of our competitors have substantially greater scale and resources than we have and may offer richer value propositions or a wider range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective strategies to acquire and retain more customers, capture a greater share of spending and borrowings, develop more attractive cobrand card and other partner programs, obtain more favorable terms with merchants and maintain greater merchant acceptance than we have. Competition may also intensify as participants in the payments industry merge or enter into joint ventures or other partnerships or business combinations, which may create advantages in competing with our products and services. Government actions or initiatives may also provide competitors with increased opportunities to derive competitive advantages and may create new competitors, including in some cases a government entity. We may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in customer behavior, such as Card Member spending and borrowing or merchant acceptance, as effectively as our competitors. Costs such as Card Member rewards and Card Member services expenses could continue to increase as we evolve our value propositions, including in response to increased competition. Competitors may also use AI technologies more effectively than us or partner with companies that do so, which may increase the attractiveness and availability of their products and services and allow them to offer greater value propositions and realize greater operational efficiencies. The payments industry is complex and continues to undergo changes in response to evolving technologies and customer preferences. Spending on our cards could continue to be impacted by increasing usage of credit and debit cards issued on other networks and real-time settlement transactions, such as bank transfers, as well as adoption of alternative payment mechanisms, systems and products, such as digital currencies. The fragmentation of Card Member spending, such as to take advantage of different merchant or card incentives, for convenience with technological solutions or as a result of point-of-sale practices that impact merchant acceptance (e.g., surcharging or differential acceptance), may continue to increase. Revolving credit balances on our cards could also be impacted by alternative financing providers, such as point-of-sale lenders and buy now, pay later products. Regulatory and legislative changes may also significantly alter the competitive landscape, including by facilitating alternative payment or financing mechanisms, such as recent legislation in the U.S. establishing a regulatory framework for stablecoins, or by imposing constraints on payment or financing mechanisms, such as proposals to cap credit card interest rates. To the extent other payment and financing mechanisms, systems and products continue to successfully expand, our discount revenues earned from Card Member spending and our net interest income earned from Card Member borrowing could be negatively impacted. In addition, companies that control access to consumer and merchant payment method choices at the point of sale or through digital wallets, agentic or other commerce-related experiences, mobile applications or other technologies could choose not to accept, suppress use of, or degrade the experience of using our products or could restrict our access to our customers and transaction data. Such companies could also require payments from us to participate in such digital wallets, experiences or applications or negotiate incentives or pricing concessions, impacting our profitability on transactions. As AI technologies are increasingly integrated into payments and related services, such as through the adoption of agentic commerce, these dynamics may accelerate and new dynamics that are difficult to predict may develop, any of which may disadvantage our business. The competitive value of our data and demand for our products and services may also be diminished as traditional and non-traditional competitors use other, new data sources and technologies, including generative AI, to derive similar insights and by certain regulations. Open banking initiatives, including those promoted by governments and regulators, may result in a number of challenges to our business model, such as disintermediating us from our customers, steering customers away from our products and services or decreasing our attractiveness to partners. Competitors have also sought to create their own integrated payments platforms and may have competitive advantages in doing so as compared to our business. To the extent we expand into, or further grow in, new business areas, such as new products and services that complement our card products, and new geographic regions, we will face competitors with more experience and more established relationships with relevant customers, regulators and industry participants, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. Laws and business practices that favor local competitors, require card transactions to be routed over domestic networks or prohibit or limit foreign ownership of certain businesses could limit our growth in international regions. 23 Table of Contents We may face additional compliance and regulatory risks to the extent that we expand into new business areas, and we may need to dedicate more expense, time and resources to comply with regulatory requirements than our competitors, particularly those that are not regulated financial institutions. Many of our competitors are subject to different, and in some cases, less stringent, legislative and regulatory regimes, and some may have lower cost structures and more agile business models and systems. For example, banking regulators are increasingly open to issuing limited-purpose licenses to allow companies to conduct certain banking activities under more limited regulatory requirements. More restrictive laws and regulations that do not apply to all of our competitors can put us at a disadvantage, including prohibiting us from engaging in certain transactions, regulating our business practices or adversely affecting our cost structure. We face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. In the ordinary course of our business we enter into different types of contractual arrangements with business partners in a variety of industries. For example, we work with partners such as Delta, Marriott, British Airways and Hilton to offer cobranded cards for consumers and small businesses, and with partners in many industries, including Delta, to offer benefits and rewards to Card Members. Other aspects of our customer value propositions also increasingly rely on our ability to co-create and co-fund value with partners, such as statement credits for purchases with partners and travel and dining benefits. See “Partners and Relationships” under “Business” for additional information on our business partnerships, including with Delta. Competition for relationships with key business partners is very intense and there can be no assurance we will be able to grow or maintain these partner relationships or that they will remain as profitable or valued by our customers. Establishing and retaining attractive cobrand card partnerships is particularly competitive among card issuers and networks as these partnerships typically appeal to high-spending loyal customers. All of our cobrand portfolios in the aggregate accounted for approximately 26 percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended December 31, 2025. Card Member loans related to our cobrand portfolios accounted for approximately 36 percent of our worldwide Card Member loans as of December 31, 2025. Cobrand and other partner arrangements are generally entered into for a fixed period and will terminate in accordance with their terms, including at the end of the fixed period unless extended or renewed at the option of the parties, or upon early termination as a result of an event of default or otherwise. We face the risk that we could lose partner relationships, even after we have invested significant resources in the relationships. Additionally, partners may make changes to the products and services they offer or otherwise become less desirable to our customers, which may lower the value of our products, such as cards with embedded partner value and the cobranded cards we issue to our customers. We also may not renew certain relationships, such as our Amazon and Lowe’s small business cobrand portfolios, which, as previously disclosed, have been reclassified to held for sale on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Billed business could decline and Card Member attrition could increase, in each case, significantly as a result of the termination of one or more partnership relationships. In addition, some of our cobrand arrangements provide that, upon expiration or termination, the cobrand partner may purchase or designate a third party to purchase the loans generated with respect to such cobranded card portfolio, which could result in the loss of the card accounts and a significant decline in our Card Member loans outstanding. We regularly seek to extend or renew cobrand and other partner arrangements in advance of the end of the contract term and face the risk that existing relationships will be renegotiated with less favorable terms for us or that we may be unable to renegotiate on terms that are acceptable to us, as competition for such relationships continues to increase. We make payments to our cobrand partners, which can be significant, based primarily on the amount of Card Member spending and corresponding rewards earned on such spending and, under certain arrangements, on the number of accounts acquired and retained. The amount we pay to our cobrand partners has increased, particularly in the United States, and may continue to increase as arrangements are renegotiated due to increasingly intense competition for cobrand partners among card issuers and networks. The loss of exclusivity arrangements with business partners, the loss of the partner relationship altogether (whether by non-renewal at the end of the contract period, such as the end of our relationship with Costco in the United States in 2016, or as the result of a merger, legal or regulatory action or otherwise) or the renegotiation of existing partnerships with terms that are significantly worse for us could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. See “ Our business is subject to evolving and comprehensive government regulation and supervision, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition ” above for information on the uncertainty regarding our cobrand and agent relationships in the EU. In addition, any publicity associated with the loss of any of our key business partners could harm our reputation, making it more difficult to attract and retain Card Members and merchants, and could weaken our negotiating position with our remaining and prospective business partners. Arrangements with our business partners represent a significant portion of our business. We are exposed to risks associated with our business partners, including reputational issues, business slowdowns, bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations and outages, and the possible obligation to make payments to our partners. Our success is, in many ways, dependent on the success of our partners. From customer acquisition to cobranding arrangements, from providing rewards and benefits to customers to facilitating B2B supplier payments for our corporate clients, we rely on our business partners across many aspects of our company and our arrangements with business partners represent a significant portion of our business. For example, our two largest redemption partners are Amazon and Delta. Some of our partners manage certain aspects of our customer relationships, such as our OptBlue program participants. To the extent any of our partners fail to effectively promote and support our products, experience a slowdown in their business, operational disruptions, reputational issues or loss of consumer confidence, or are otherwise unable to meet our expectations or those of their other stakeholders, our business may be materially negatively impacted. We also face the risk that existing relationships will be renegotiated with less favorable terms for us or that we may be unable to renegotiate on terms that are acceptable to us. In addition, we may be obligated to make or accelerate payments to certain business partners such as cobrand partners upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as a 24 Table of Contents shortfall in certain performance and revenue levels. If we are not able to effectively manage these triggering events, we could unexpectedly have to make payments to these partners, which could have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See Note 12 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information on financial commitments related to agreements with certain cobrand partners. Similarly, we are exposed to risk from bankruptcies, liquidations, insolvencies, financial distress, restructurings, structural shifts in the economy, consolidations, operational outages, cybersecurity incidents and other similar events that may occur in any industry representing a significant portion of our billed business or with respect to any of our important business partners (such as those with whom we co-create and co-fund value for customers), which could negatively impact particular card products and services (and volumes generally) and our financial condition and results of operations. We have previously and may in the future pre-purchase loyalty points from certain of our cobrand partners, the value of which may diminish to the extent such partners cease operations or such points become less desirable to our customers. We could also be materially impacted if we were obligated or elected to reimburse Card Members for products and services purchased from merchants that have ceased operations or stopped accepting our cards. For example, we are exposed to credit risk in the airline industry to the extent we protect Card Members against non-delivery of purchases, such as where we have remitted payment to an airline for a Card Member purchase of tickets that have not yet been used or “flown.” If we are unable to collect the amount from the airline, we may bear the loss for the amount credited to the Card Member. Spending at airline merchants accounted for approximately 6 percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended December 31, 2025. For additional information relating to operational risks of our business partners, see “ We rely on third-party providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways or experience issues that could materially harm our business ” below. We face continued intense competitive pressure that may materially impact the prices we charge for accepting our cards for payment, as well as the risk of losing merchant relationships, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We face pressure from competitors that primarily rely on sources of revenue other than discount revenue or have lower costs that can make their pricing for card acceptance more attractive. Merchants, business partners and third-party merchant acquirers, processors and payment facilitators are also able to negotiate incentives, pricing concessions and other favorable contractual provisions from us as a condition to accepting our cards, being cobrand partners, offering benefits to our Card Members or signing merchants to accept American Express cards. As these parties become even larger (such as the largest tech companies) or as evolving technologies and customer preferences alter the payments landscape, we may have to increase the amount of incentives and/or concessions we provide to them. We also face the risk of losing relationships with these parties or that they limit acceptance of our cards, which could materially adversely affect spending on our cards and our ability to retain current Card Members and attract new Card Members and therefore, our business and results of operations. Our merchant discount rates have been impacted by regulatory changes affecting competitor pricing in certain international countries and U.S. states, as well as litigation related to pricing, and may in the future be impacted by pricing regulation and litigation. We have also experienced erosion of our merchant discount rates as we increase merchant acceptance. We may not be successful in significantly expanding merchant acceptance or offsetting rate erosion with volumes at new merchants. In addition, the regulatory environment and differentiated payment models and technologies from non-traditional players in the alternative payments space could pose challenges to our payment model and adversely impact our merchant discount rates. Some merchants, including large tech companies and other large merchants, continue to invest in their own payment and financing solutions, such as proprietary-branded digital wallets, using both traditional and new technology platforms. If merchants are able to drive broad consumer adoption and usage, it could adversely impact our merchant discount rates and network and loan volumes. A continuing priority of ours is to drive greater and differentiated value to our merchants that, if not successful, could negatively impact our discount revenue and financial results. We may not succeed in maintaining merchant discount rates or offsetting the impact of declining merchant discount rates, for the reasons discussed above and others, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability, and therefore our ability to invest in innovation and in value-added services for merchants, business partners and Card Members. Surcharging, steering or other differential acceptance practices by merchants could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. In certain countries, such as Australia (where surcharging is currently under reconsideration), Canada (other than in the Province of Quebec) and certain Member States in the EU, and in certain states in the United States, merchants are permitted by law to engage in surcharging, steering or other differential acceptance practices for certain card purchases and certain merchants and merchant organizations continue to push for these practices in other jurisdictions. In jurisdictions where surcharging is not prohibited, we have seen an increase in merchant surcharging on American Express cards, particularly in certain merchant categories, and in some cases, either the surcharge is greater than that applied to cards issued on competing networks or cards issued on competing networks are not surcharged at all (practices that are known as differential surcharging), even though there are many cards issued on competing networks that have an equal or greater cost of acceptance for the merchant. In addition to surcharging, we also encounter merchants that accept our cards, but tell their customers that they prefer to accept another type of payment or otherwise seek to suppress use of our cards or certain of our cards, such as limiting the use of our cards for certain transactions. Our Card Members value the ability to use their cards where and when they want to, and we, therefore, take steps to meet our Card Members’ expectations and to protect the American Express brand by prohibiting discrimination through provisions in our merchant contracts, including non-discrimination and honor-all-cards provisions, subject to local legal requirements. We generally do not prohibit surcharging in our agreements with merchants so long as it is permitted by law and a merchant does not discriminate against Americ

=== AXP_2026-04-23.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS For a discussion of our risk factors, including risks and uncertainties related to business, economic and geopolitical conditions, see Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of the 2025 Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties that we face are not limited to those set forth in the 2025 Form 10-K. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business and the trading price of our securities. 67 Table of Contents ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS (c) ISSUER PURCHASES OF SECURITIES The table below sets forth the information with respect to purchases of our common stock made by or on behalf of us during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (b) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1-31, 2026 Repurchase programs (c) — $ — — 58,349,399 Employee transactions (d) 175,804 $ 354.22 N/A N/A February 1-28, 2026 Repurchase programs (c) 1,381,820 $ 339.93 1,381,820 56,967,579 Employee transactions (d) 655,340 $ 352.17 N/A N/A March 1-31, 2026 Repurchase programs (c) 3,927,378 $ 300.88 3,927,378 53,040,201 Employee transactions (d) — $ — N/A N/A Total Repurchase programs (c) 5,309,198 $ 311.04 5,309,198 53,040,201 Employee transactions (d) 831,144 $ 352.60 N/A N/A (a) The average price paid per share does not reflect costs and taxes associated with the purchase of shares. (b) Share purchases under publicly announced programs are made pursuant to open market purchases, plans intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act, privately negotiated transactions or other purchases, including block trades, accelerated share repurchase programs or any combination of such methods as market conditions warrant and at prices we deem appropriate. (c) On March 8, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 120 million common shares from time to time, subject to market conditions and in accordance with our capital plans. This authorization replaced the prior repurchase authorization. See “Consolidated Capital Resources and Liquidity” under MD&A for additional information regarding share repurchases. (d) Includes: (i) shares surrendered by holders of employee stock options who exercised options (granted under our incentive compensation plans) in satisfaction of the exercise price and/or tax withholding obligation of such holders and (ii) shares underlying restricted stock awards or restricted stock units withheld (under the terms of grants under our incentive compensation plans) to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon vesting and release of such awards. Our incentive compensation plans provide that the value of the shares delivered or attested to, or withheld, be based on the price of our common stock on the date the relevant transaction occurs. 68 Table of Contents ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) to the Exchange Act, an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with individuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders, which may include designations that are unrelated to Iran. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted outside the United States by non-U.S. affiliates in compliance with applicable law and whether or not the activities are sanctionable under U.S. law. In the quarter ended March 31, 2026, the Office of Foreign Assets Control designated an individual with a card issued by an affiliate in Latin America as a Specially Designated National pursuant to Executive Order 13224, as amended, and we subsequently cancelled the account. We had negligible gross revenues and net profits attributable to transactions with the individual following designation that were reportable pursuant to Section 219. We do not intend to continue to engage in this activity. 69 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS The following exhibits are filed as part of this Quarterly Report: Exhibit Description 31.1 Certification of Stephen J. Squeri pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 Certification of Christophe Y. Le Caillec pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1 Certification of Stephen J. Squeri pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Christophe Y. Le Caillec pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 70 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY (Registrant) Date: April 23, 2026 By /s/ Christophe Y. Le Caillec Christophe Y. Le Caillec Chief Financial Officer Date: April 23, 2026 By /s/ Jessica Lieberman Quinn Jessica Lieberman Quinn Executive Vice President and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 71 