=== ETN_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Among the risks that could materially adversely affect Eaton's businesses, financial condition or results of operations are the following: Operational Risks We are subject to risks relating to acquisitions, joint ventures and investments, and risks relating to the integration of acquired companies. As part of our strategy, we pursue strategic transactions, including but not limited to acquisitions, joint ventures, and investments. Acquisitions and investments may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrences, equity issuances, operating losses and expenses, in addition to integration challenges whether foreseen or unforeseen, which may be dilutive to earnings and unfavorably impact cash flow. Acquisitions also involve numerous other risks, including: the diversion of management attention to integration matters; difficulties in integrating operations and systems; challenges in conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies, business cultures and compensation structures; difficulties in assimilating employees and in attracting and retaining key personnel; challenges in keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers; difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects; contingent liabilities (including contingent tax liabilities and earn-out obligations) that are larger than expected; and potential unknown liabilities, adverse consequences and unforeseen increased expenses associated with acquired companies. Financial success of a strategic transaction requires balancing both short- and long-term inputs driven by internal and external factors difficult to fully identify prior to transaction consummation. Transactional challenges post-closing could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, which subjects them to varying degrees of risk of disrupted production. Eaton manages businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide. Our manufacturing facilities and operations could be disrupted by a natural disaster, labor strike, war, geopolitical instability and/or conflict, political unrest, terrorist activity, economic upheaval, or public health concerns. Any such disruption could cause delays in production and shipment of products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not adequately compensate for losses. Significant inflation or shortages of raw materials, energy, components, and/or labor, or similar challenges for our customers, could continue to adversely impact our results of operations. We have been affected by supply chain disruptions and related inflationary pressures. Labor shortages persist broadly in select markets, and shortages of certain raw materials have continued to affect the prices that our businesses are charged, particularly commodities. Some of our suppliers have experienced the same conditions and, in response, have continued to increase their prices in response to increases in their costs of raw materials, energy, and/or labor. While we strive to recoup these increased costs through our pricing, product modifications or other mediating responses, if we are unable to do so without compromising the competitive position of our products and services, our results could continue to be impacted by this trend. Further, should these trends continue or worsen, the impact could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. We rely on suppliers to provide raw materials, components, and services. Our business requires that we buy raw materials, components, and services from third parties. Supplier relationships have in the past been and could in the future be interrupted or terminated. Our reliance on suppliers involves certain risks, including: shortages of commodities, components, or other materials, which could adversely affect our manufacturing efficiencies and ability to make timely delivery of our products, solutions, and services; changes in the cost of these purchases due to inflation, exchange rate fluctuations, taxes, tariffs, commodity market volatility, or other factors that affect our suppliers; poor quality or insecure supply chain, which could adversely affect the reliability and reputation of our products, solutions, and services; climate impacts, severe weather events, or natural and other disasters that impact our suppliers; sanctions, embargoes, and other trade restrictions that may affect our ability to purchase commodities, components, or other materials from various suppliers; and intellectual property risks such as challenges to ownership of rights or alleged infringement by suppliers. 8 Table of Contents Any of these uncertainties could adversely impact our financial results and ability to compete. We also maintain single-source supplier relationships because either alternative sources are not available, or the relationship is advantageous due to certain considerations, such as performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price. Unavailability of, or delivery delays for, single-source components or products could adversely affect our ability to manufacture or ship the related products in a timely manner. The effect of unavailability or delivery delays would be more severe if associated with our higher volume and more profitable products. Even where substitute sources of supply are available, qualifying alternative suppliers and establishing reliable supplies could cost more or result in delays and loss of sales. We may rely on third-party suppliers for the components used in our products, and we may rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture certain of our assemblies and finished products. Our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be adversely affected if such third parties lack sufficient quality control or if there are significant changes in their financial or business condition. If these third parties fail to deliver quality products, parts, and components on time and at reasonable prices, we could have difficulties fulfilling our orders, sales and profits could decline, and our commercial reputation could be damaged. Risks and uncertainties related to the development and use of artificial intelligence may present business, compliance and reputational risks. Recent technological advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine-learning technology have presented opportunities for us to drive internal efficiencies in our business operations, but they also pose risks to us. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving technological developments in AI, our competitive position and business results may suffer, particularly if our competitors more effectively use AI to drive their business efficiencies or create new or enhanced products or services that we are unable to compete against on cost, quality or other attributes. However, the introduction of AI technologies, particularly generative AI, into internal processes and/or new and existing offerings may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, including due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality or security risks, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. Furthermore, any confidential information that is disclosed to a third-party generative AI platform could be leaked or disclosed to others, which could result in loss or theft of intellectual property, as well as subject us to risks related to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, data privacy and cybersecurity. Moreover, the use of AI may give rise to risks related to harmful content, accuracy, and bias, which could expose us to risks related to inaccuracies or errors in the output of such technologies. The rapidly evolving legal and regulatory environment relating to AI, in the United States and globally, could also impact Eaton s implementation of AI technology, and increase compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. If we are unable to protect our information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyberbased attacks or network security breaches, product or service offerings could be compromised or operations could be disrupted or data confidentiality impaired. Eaton relies on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. Some of this information may be stored in the cloud or on networks not managed by us. Additionally, many of our products and services include, and we utilize and rely on, third-party service-providers, whose products include integrated software and information technology that collects data or connects to external and internal systems. Because of this, cybersecurity threats pose a material risk to our business operations. Global cybersecurity threats range from widespread vulnerabilities, sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, or uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to IT/OT systems. These threats may be directed at Eaton, its products, software embedded in Eaton s products, or its third-party service providers. The risk is amplified by the increasingly connected nature of our products and systems. These threats may originate from anywhere in the connected world and while they may take the form of phishing, malware, bots, or human-centric attacks, the nature of the threat is constantly evolving. Eaton continues to deploy reasonable comprehensive measures designed to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate these threats. As a result of our worldwide operations, we are subject to laws and regulations, including data protection/privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, in many jurisdictions. In addition, we operate in an environment in which there are different and potentially conflicting data privacy laws in effect in the various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, and we must understand and comply with each law and standard in each of these jurisdictions. For example, the Global Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) prefers that we manage personal data in the E.U. and may impose fines of up to four percent of our global revenue in the event of certain violations. 9 Table of Contents Our customers, including governmental agencies, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards, which may result in additional operating or production costs. Our cybersecurity program aligns with well-known industry-wide security control frameworks. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information and the disruption of business operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include theft of intellectual property, disruption of operations, reputational damage, adverse health and safety consequences, the loss or misuse of confidential information, product failure, as well as exposure to fines, legal claims or enforcement actions. Weather disruptions and regulatory, market and social reactions to them create uncertainties that could negatively impact our business. Extreme weather events may create physical risks to our operating locations and supply chains, as well as to our suppliers and customers operations. Operational, environmental and social regulations may pose stringent obligations on our operations, which could impact our financial results and adversely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations. Those events could also change customer and market demands, and we may not be able to move quickly enough to meet such demands or meet all of the varying demands from different geographic regions, markets and business sector, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our ability to identify, attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect our ability to execute our strategy. The market for employees and leaders with certain skills and experiences is very competitive. Our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to identify, attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, technical skills, industry knowledge, and experience. Failure to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees, difficulty in recruiting new employees, perceived or actual erosion of our culture, or inadequate resources to train, integrate, and retain qualified employees, could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, the nature of our business requires us to maintain a labor force that is sufficiently large enough to support our manufacturing operations to meet customer demand, as well as provide on-site services and project support for our customers. We have in the past experienced, and could in the future experience, shortages for skilled or unskilled labor, which has in the past and could in the future negatively impact our growth and results of operations. We may not complete the anticipated spin-off or complete it within the time frame we anticipate or at all; the spin-off may present difficulties that could have an adverse effect on us; costs associated with the spin-off may be higher than anticipated; we may not realize some or all of the expected benefits of the spin-off. On January 26, 2026, we announced our intention to spin-off our Mobility business, which consists of the legacy Vehicle and eMobility segments, by the end of the first quarter of 2027, subject to the satisfaction of customary legal and regulatory requirements and approvals. The failure to satisfy all the required conditions could delay the completion of the spin-off for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring at all. Spin-offs are complex in nature, and unanticipated developments or changes, including changes in law, the macroeconomic environment and market conditions or regulatory or political conditions may affect our ability to complete the anticipated spin-off as currently expected, within the anticipated time frame or at all. Any changes to the spin-off or delay in completing it could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits, or realize them on a different timeline than expected. In addition, the terms and conditions of the required regulatory authorizations and consents that are granted, if any, may impose requirements, limitations or costs, or place restrictions on the conduct of the Mobility business, as an independent company, and may materially delay the completion of the spin-off. Whether or not the spin-off is completed, our business may face material challenges in connection with this transaction, including, without limitation: the diversion of management s attention from ongoing business concerns; attracting and retaining key management and other employees; retaining existing, or attracting new, business and operational relationships; foreseen and unforeseen dis-synergy costs, costs of restructuring transactions (including taxes) and other significant costs and expenses; and potential negative reactions from the financial markets if we fail to complete the spin-off as currently expected, within the anticipated time frame or at all. Although we intend for the spin-off to be tax-free to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, there can be no assurance that the spin-off will so qualify. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and our stock price. Industry and Market Risks Technology disruption may impact our stock price and/or negatively impact our end markets. Our products and services support innovative technology and mega trends, including, for example, data centers. These markets have experienced and may continue to experience the abrupt introduction of disruptive technologies, which may, in turn, negatively impact our end markets. Additionally, equity markets in this space may be volatile, and may not react rationally to newly introduced products, thus impacting our stock price. 10 Table of Contents Volatility of end markets that we serve could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Eaton's segment revenues, operating results, and profitability have varied in the past and may vary from quarter to quarter in the future. Profitability can be negatively impacted by macroeconomic conditions, newly competitive market players, and volatility in the end markets that we serve. We have undertaken measures to reduce the impact of this volatility through diversification of the markets we serve and expansion of the geographic regions in which we operate. Future downturns in any of the markets could adversely affect revenues, operating results, and profitability. Our operating results depend in part on continued successful research, development, and marketing of new and/or improved products and services, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to successfully introduce new products and services or maintain present market positions. Eaton s success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer products and services that appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. Developing new products and service offerings requires high levels of innovation, and the development process is often lengthy and costly. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop, and market products that respond to changes in customer preferences and emerging technological and broader industry trends, including the adoption and integration of artificial intelligence, demand for our products could decline. The success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by our customers. Even after introduction, new or enhanced products may not satisfy customer preferences and product failures may cause customers to reject our products. Our businesses are affected, to varying degrees, by technological changes and corresponding shifts in customer demand, which could result in unpredictable product transitions or shortened life cycles. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production, or marketing of new products and services which may prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to bring new products and services to market. Our positions may also be impacted by new entrants into our product or regional markets. We are exposed to geopolitical, economic and other risks that arise from uncertainty in worldwide and regional economic conditions. Our global business is sensitive to macroeconomic conditions. Macroeconomic downturns may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our distributors, customers and suppliers, and on activity in many of the industries and markets we serve. Among the economic factors that may have such an effect are disruptions in financial markets; adverse changes in the availability and cost of capital; economic downturns; military conflicts; wars; terrorism; pandemics, epidemics and public health emergencies; political changes and trends; tariffs and retaliatory counter measures; monetary policies; interest rates; inflation and deflation; recessions; commodity prices; currency volatility or exchange control; and ability to expatriate earnings. We cannot predict changes in worldwide or regional macroeconomic conditions, as such conditions are highly volatile and beyond our control. In addition, our responses to mitigate the impact of these conditions, such as potential price increases, could negatively impact our market share or relationships with distributors or customers. Furthermore, if these conditions deteriorate or remain at depressed levels for extended periods, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Legal and Regulatory Risks Operating globally subjects us to risks and events beyond our control in countries where we operate. Operating globally subjects Eaton to various risks, including, but not limited to, economic and political instability, including war or armed conflict, changes in government policies, expropriation, nationalization, and other political, economic, or social developments; complex and continually changing government laws, regulations and policies; increased tariffs, trade barriers, trade agreements, and other restrictions on international trade; trade laws and trade treaties that impact our effective tax rate; supply chain disruptions, including, as a result of natural disasters, transportation disruptions, and geopolitical events; currency fluctuations, which can affect the value of our foreign currency revenues, expenses, and cash flows; inadequate intellectual property protections in foreign jurisdictions that could result in the unauthorized use or infringement of our intellectual property; adverse consumer sentiment for non-local products; and local labor market conditions. The occurrence of one or more of these events has, from time to time, impacted, and may in the future impact, our business in a variety of ways, including reducing demand for our products, increasing costs, limiting our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions, disrupting our ability to deliver products to customers on time and at competitive prices, subjecting us to fines, penalties, and sanctions, harming our competitive position, devaluation of assets, and impacting our financials. 11 Table of Contents Changes in countries' trade policies globally, including imposition of sanctions or tariffs, may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Changes in various countries trade policies, including tariffs and duties, can materially increase costs for goods imported into the United States, which can lead to broader cost pressures even for goods that are not imported. If Eaton is unable to take mitigating actions, it could negatively impact product margins and our financial performance. Additionally, potential price increases or other mitigating efforts could negatively impact market share or otherwise increase the risk of customer disputes, giving rise to possible cash flow impacts. Furthermore, globally evolving trade policies may lead to abrupt or unpredictable changes in tariffs, quotas, duties or trade agreements, potential violations or litigation, which may disrupt our supply chain and/or lead to an increase in costs. Such policies could make it more difficult or costly for us to export our products to those countries, therefore negatively impacting our financial performance. We are subject to risks relating to changes in our tax rates, changes in global tax laws and regulations, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities. Eaton is subject to income taxes in many jurisdictions around the world. Income tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be affected materially by changes in the mix among earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, or changes in tax legislation, regulations, and policies. The amount of income taxes paid is subject to ongoing audits and litigation by tax authorities in the countries in which we operate. The ultimate outcome of any such audit and/or litigation cannot be predicted with certainty given the complex nature of tax controversies. Should the ultimate outcome of any such audit and/or litigation result in assessments different from amounts reserved, final resolution may have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. As a provider of products to the U.S. government, we are subject to certain rules, regulations, audits and investigations and enhanced compliance risks. Doing business with the U.S. government subjects us to risks such as dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental acquisition regulations and other requirements. Contracts relating to the sale of products to the U.S. government parties may impose terms or provisions that are not typical in commercially negotiated transactions and, in some instances, could impose added costs on our business. We are subject to audits and investigations of our business practices and compliance with government acquisition regulations, and any findings of wrongdoing could result in fines and penalties or termination of contracts or debarment from bidding on contracts, which could negatively impact our results of operations. We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could affect our ability to compete. Protecting our intellectual property rights is critical to our ability to compete and succeed. We own a large number of patents and patent applications worldwide, as well as trademark and copyright registrations that are necessary, and contribute significantly, to the preservation of our competitive position in various markets. Although management believes that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not have a material effect on the results of operations or financial position of Eaton or its business segments, there can be no assurance that any one, or more, of these patents and other intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties. Eaton enters into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with employees, and into non-disclosure agreements with suppliers and appropriate customers, so as to limit access to and disclosure of proprietary information. These measures may not suffice to deter misappropriation or independent third party development of similar technologies. We are subject to litigation and environmental regulations that could adversely impact our businesses. At any given time, we may be subject to litigation, the disposition of which may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. Information regarding current legal proceedings is presented in Note 11 and Note 12 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 