=== NCLH_2025-04-29.htm.gz ===
tm252472-1_nonfiling - none - 17.6094462s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (AMENDMENT NO. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 NORWEGIAN CRUISE LINE HOLDINGS LTD. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of filing fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS NCLH at a Glance Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. ( NCLH ) is a leading global cruise company operating three brands: Norwegian Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises. With a diverse portfolio catering to a broad spectrum of travelers, NCLH delivers exceptional cruise experiences for its valued guests. 1. We have the option to cancel an additional, effective, two ship order for Oceania Cruises, which is not reflected. The financing related to the four-ship order for Norwegian Cruise Line is still being finalized. Expected delivery dates are preliminary and subject to change. Our Brands Norwegian Cruise Line : As an innovator in global cruise travel, Norwegian Cruise Line is known for its commitment to providing guests with freedom and flexibility. The line offers a wide array of itineraries and experiences, catering to diverse traveler preferences. Oceania Cruises : Recognized as the world s leading culinary- and destination-focused cruise line, Oceania Cruises offers guests an unparalleled travel experience. The line is renowned for its exquisite dining options, elegant accommodations, and immersive itineraries that explore the world s most alluring destinations. Regent Seven Seas Cruises : As a leading ultra-luxury cruise line, Regent Seven Seas Cruises offers an unrivaled experience at sea. The line provides all-suite accommodations, highly personalized service, and the industry s most inclusive luxury experience, including specialty dining, unlimited premium beverages, including fine wines and spirits, unlimited Starlink Wi-Fi, valet laundry service, and unlimited shore excursions among its numerous included amenities. Charting the Course A Strategic Vision for the Future In May 2024, we announced our Charting the Course strategy, designed to enhance guest experiences and drive sustainable, long-term growth. This strategic framework is built on four key pillars, which are underpinned by our Sail Sustain program: TABLE OF CONTENTS 7665 Corporate Center Drive Miami, Florida 33126 NOTICE OF 2025 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS When Thursday, June 12, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. (Eastern time) Where Pullman Miami 5800 Waterford District Drive Miami, Florida 33126 Items of Business Proposal 1 Election of the following director nominees to serve as Class III directors on our board of directors for the terms described in the attached Proxy Statement: Jos E. Cil Harry C. Curtis Harry Sommer Proposal 2 Approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers Proposal 3 Approval of an amendment to our 2013 Performance Incentive Plan (our Plan ), including an increase in the number of shares available for grant under our Plan Proposal 4 Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2025, and the determination of PwC s remuneration by our Audit Committee Additional Items Receive the audited financial statements (together with the auditor s report) for the year ended December 31, 2024, pursuant to the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, as amended, and our bye-laws Consider any other business which may properly come before the 2025 Annual General Meeting or any postponement or adjournment Attending the Annual General Meeting You will be asked to provide photo identification and appropriate proof of NCLH share ownership to attend the meeting. You can find more information under About the Annual General Meeting and Voting in the accompanying Proxy Statement. Who Can Vote Holders of each NCLH ordinary share at the close of business on April 2, 2025 How to Vote in Advance Your vote is important. Please vote as soon as possible by one of the methods shown below. Be sure to have your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials in hand: By telephone You can vote your shares by calling the number provided in your proxy card or voting instruction form By Internet You can vote your shares online at www.proxyvote.com By mail Complete, sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction form in the postage-paid envelope provided IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s Proxy Statement and 2024 Annual Report are available at www.nclhltd.com/investors or www.proxyvote.com All shareholders are cordially invited to attend the meeting. We direct your attention to the accompanying Proxy Statement. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, you are urged to submit your proxy or voting instructions as promptly as possible by Internet, telephone, or mail to ensure your representation and the presence of a quorum at the Annual General Meeting. If you attend the meeting and wish to vote at the meeting, you may withdraw your proxy or voting instructions and vote your shares personally. Your proxy is revocable in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Proxy Statement. April 29, 2025 By Order of the Board of Directors, Daniel S. Farkas Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Development Officer and Secretary TABLE OF CONTENTS Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-looking Statements and Website References Some of the statements, estimates or projections contained in this Proxy Statement are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained, or incorporated by reference, in this Proxy Statement, including, without limitation, our expectations regarding our results of operations, future financial position, including our liquidity requirements and future capital expenditures, plans, prospects, actions taken or strategies being considered with respect to our liquidity position, including with respect to refinancing, amending the terms of, or extending the maturity of our indebtedness, our ability to comply with covenants under our debt agreements, expectations regarding our exchangeable notes, valuation and appraisals of our assets, expectations regarding our deferred tax assets, and valuation allowances, expected fleet additions and cancellations, including expected timing thereof, our expectations regarding the impact of macroeconomic conditions and recent global events, and expectations relating to our sustainability program and decarbonization efforts may be forward-looking statements. Many, but not all, of these statements can be found by looking for words like expect, anticipate, goal, project, plan, believe, seek, will, may, forecast, estimate, intend, future and similar words. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and may involve risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. Examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to the impact of: adverse general economic factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of interest rates, inflation, unemployment, underemployment and the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities and real estate markets, and perceptions of these conditions that decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence; our indebtedness and restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness that require us to maintain minimum levels of liquidity and be in compliance with maintenance covenants and otherwise limit our flexibility in operating our business, including the significant portion of assets that are collateral under these agreements; our ability to work with lenders and others or otherwise pursue options to defer, renegotiate, refinance or restructure our existing debt profile, near-term debt amortization, newbuild related payments and other obligations and to work with credit card processors to satisfy current or potential future demands for collateral on cash advanced from customers relating to future cruises; our need for additional financing or financing to optimize our balance sheet, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, and our outstanding exchangeable notes and any future financing which may be dilutive to existing shareholders; the unavailability of ports of call; future increases in the price of, or major changes, disruptions or reduction in, commercial airline services; changes involving the tax and environmental regulatory regimes in which we operate, including new and existing regulations aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions; the accuracy of any appraisals of our assets; our success in controlling operating expenses and capital expenditures; adverse events impacting the security of travel or customer perceptions of the security of travel, such as terrorist acts, armed conflict, or threats thereof, acts of piracy, and other international events; public health crises, and their effect on the ability or desire of people to travel (including on cruises); adverse incidents involving cruise ships; our ability to maintain and strengthen our brand; breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology systems and other networks or our actual or perceived failure to comply with requirements regarding data privacy and protection; changes in fuel prices and the type of fuel we are permitted to use and/or other cruise operating costs; mechanical malfunctions and repairs, delays in our shipbuilding program, maintenance and refurbishments and the consolidation of qualified shipyard facilities; the risks and increased costs associated with operating internationally; our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel or employee relations issues; impacts related to climate change and our ability to achieve our climate-related or other sustainability goals; our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage; implementing precautions in coordination with regulators and global public health authorities to protect the health, safety and security of guests, crew and the communities we visit and to comply with related regulatory restrictions; pending or threatened litigation, investigations and enforcement actions; volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets, which may adversely affect our ability to borrow and could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees; our reliance on third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; our expansion into new TABLE OF CONTENTS markets and investments in new markets and land-based destination projects; overcapacity in key markets or globally; and other factors set forth under Risk Factors in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The above examples are not exhaustive and new risks emerge from time to time. There may be additional risks that we currently consider immaterial, or which are unknown. Such forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs, assumptions, expectations, estimates and projections regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we expect to operate in the future. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this Proxy Statement, which speak only as of the date made. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change of events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement was based, except as required by law. References to our website and Sail Sustain report throughout this Proxy Statement and the information contained therein or connected thereto are provided for convenience only and the content thereof is not incorporated into, and does not constitute a part of, this Proxy Statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY 1 PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 8 General 8 Directors Standing for Election 9 Board Recommendation 11 Directors Continuing in Office 12 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 17 Shareholder Engagement 17 Board of Directors 18 Board Committees 19 The Nomination Process 22 Director Independence 22 Board, Director and Committee Evaluations 23 Board Risk Oversight 23 Sustainability 25 Succession Planning 27 Insider Trading Policy and Procedures 27 Hedging, Pledging and Short Sale Prohibitions 27 Overboarding Policy 28 Code of Ethical Business Conduct 28 Corporate Governance Materials 28 Communicating with the Board 28 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 29 Director Compensation Program 29 2024 Director Compensation 30 PROPOSAL 2 ADVISORY APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 32 Board Recommendation 32 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 33 A Letter from Our Compensation Committee Chairperson 33 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 34 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 48 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 49 2024 Summary Compensation Table 49 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024 Table 51 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2024 Table 52 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2024 Table 53 Employment Agreements for NEOs Salary, Annual Cash Performance Incentive Opportunity and Equity 54 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 55 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 58 Compensation Risk Assessment 58 Pay Ratio Disclosure 58 Equity Compensation Plan Information 59 Pay Versus Performance Information 60 PROPOSAL 3 APPROVAL OF AMENDMENT TO 2013 PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN 65 General 65 Key Features of the Plan 65 Summary Description of the Plan 66 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of Awards Under the Plan 69 Specific Benefits Under the Plan 70 Potential Dilution 70 Aggregate Equity Awards Previously Granted Under the Plan 72 Vote Required for Approval of Amendment to 2013 Performance Incentive Plan 73 Board Recommendation 73 PROPOSAL 4 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 74 Board Recommendation 74 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 75 SHARE OWNERSHIP INFORMATION 76 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 76 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 78 Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions 78 Relationships and Transactions 78 ABOUT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND VOTING 79 Who may vote? 79 What do I do if I am a shareholder of record? 79 What do I do if I am a beneficial owner? 79 What are the requirements to attend the Annual General Meeting? 79 How do I vote? 80 How will my shares be voted? 81 What matters will be presented? 81 What constitutes a quorum? 82 What is the vote required for proposals on the agenda? 82 Can I revoke a proxy? 82 Who can help answer my questions? 83 Presentation of Financial Statements 83 Terms Used in this Proxy Statement 83 Solicitation of Proxies 84 Delivery of Documents to Shareholders Sharing an Address 84 Annual Report on Form 10-K 85 Important Information and Dates Related to the 2026 Annual General Meeting 85 APPENDIX A AMENDMENT TO THE 2013 PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN A-1 APPENDIX B NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES AND RECONCILIATIONS B-1 For definitions of terms used in this Proxy Statement, but not otherwise defined, including non-GAAP financial metrics, see Terms Used in this Proxy Statement on page 83 . i / TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider before casting your vote. We encourage you to read the entire Proxy Statement for more information about these topics prior to voting. DATE AND TIME PLACE RECORD DATE Thursday, June 12, 2025 9:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) Pullman Miami 5800 Waterford District Drive Miami, Florida 33126 April 2, 2025 If you have any questions or require any assistance with voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor: Innisfree M A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, NY 10022 Stockholders may call toll-free: (888) 750-5834 Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 Shareholder Voting Matters BOARD RECOMMENDATION Election of three Class III directors FOR each director nominee Approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers FOR Approval of an amendment to our 2013 Performance Incentive Plan (our Plan ), including an increase in the number of shares available for grant under our Plan FOR Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ( PwC ) as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2025, and the determination of PwC s remuneration by our Audit Committee FOR 2025 Proxy Statement / 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Board Nominees Class III (Term to Expire in 2028) Name Age Director Since Independent Occupation Committee Memberships Other Current Public Company Boards Jos E. Cil 55 2023 Former Chief Executive Officer, Restaurant Brands International Inc. TESS (1) (Chairperson) Audit Harry C. Curtis 67 2021 Former Managing Director, Nomura Instinet Audit (Chairperson) Compensation Harry Sommer 57 2023 President and Chief Executive Officer, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Directors Continuing in Office Class I (Term Expires in 2026) Name Age Director Since Independent Occupation Committee Memberships Other Current Public Company Boards David M. Abrams 58 2014 Founder and Co-Managing Partner, Velocity Capital Management Nominating Governance TESS Zillah Byng-Thorne 50 2022 Chief Executive Officer, Dignity plc Audit Compensation Nominating Governance Trustpilot Group plc (2) Class II (Term Expires in 2027) Name Age Director Since Independent Occupation Committee Memberships Other Current Public Company Boards John Chidsey 62 2025 (3) Former Chief Executive Officer, Subway Restaurants Nominating Governance (Chairperson) Audit Stella David (Chairperson) 62 2017 Former Chief Executive Officer, William Grant Sons Limited Compensation Nominating Governance Entain plc (2) Mary E. Landry 68 2018 Former Rear Admiral, U.S. Coast Guard Compensation (Chairperson) TESS (1) Technology, Environmental, Safety and Security ( TESS ) Committee (2) London Stock Exchange (LSE) listed (3) Mr. Chidsey was previously on the Board from April 2013 to January 2022 and rejoined the Board in February 2025. 2 / TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Director Skills and Experience Our Board believes the mix of backgrounds and experience of our directors brings a diversity of perspective that strengthens our Board s independent leadership and effective oversight of management. 2025 Proxy Statement / 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Corporate Governance Information 4 / TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY Executive Compensation Highlights 2024 Annual Performance Incentive Metrics January 1, 2024 December 31, 2024 Performance Period 2024 Equity Awards Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EPS and Adjusted ROIC are non-GAAP financial metrics. See Appendix B for reconciliations to the nearest GAAP financial metrics. 2025 Proxy Statement / 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DON T DO Annual cash performance incentives earned based on pre-established targets for entity-wide performance Provide excise tax gross-ups on 280G parachute payments All NEOs receive a combination of performance-based and time-based annual equity awards Allow senior officers and directors to hedge, short-sell or pledge shares Robust share ownership policy Provide single-trigger change in control payments or benefits Robust succession planning process Reprice stock options without shareholder approval Comprehensive clawback policy covering both cash and equity Provide automatic base salary increases for NEOs 6 / TABLE OF CONTENTS 7665 Corporate Center Drive Miami, Florida 33126 PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 12, 2025 This proxy statement ( Proxy Statement ) is being furnished to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board to be used at our annual general meeting for 2025 to be held at the Pullman Miami, 5800 Waterford District Drive, Miami, Florida 33126, on Thursday, June 12, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (Eastern time), and any adjournments or postponements thereof (the Annual General Meeting ). As always, we encourage you to vote your shares prior to the Annual General Meeting. References in this Proxy Statement to we, us, our, Company and NCLH refer to Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Proxy materials for the Annual General Meeting, including this Proxy Statement and our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, which includes our 2024 financial statements ( 2024 Annual Report ), were first made available to shareholders on or about April 29, 2025. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING TO BE HELD ON JUNE 12, 2025 The Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, this Proxy Statement and our 2024 Annual Report are available on our website at www.nclhltd.com/investors . The information that appears on our website is provided for convenience only and is not part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. You can also view these materials at www.proxyvote.com by using the control number provided on your proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ). As permitted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), we are furnishing proxy materials to our shareholders primarily over the Internet. We believe that this process expedites shareholders receipt of these materials, lowers the costs of our Annual General Meeting and reduces the environmental impact of mailing printed copies. We are mailing to each of our shareholders, other than those who previously requested electronic or paper delivery, a Notice of Internet Availability containing instructions on how to access and review the proxy materials, including the Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, this Proxy Statement and our 2024 Annual Report, on the Internet. The Notice of Internet Availability also contains instructions on how to receive a paper copy of the proxy materials and a proxy card or voting instruction form. If you received a Notice of Internet Availability by mail or our proxy materials by e-mail, you will not receive a printed copy of the proxy materials unless you request one. If you received paper copies of our proxy materials, you may also view these materials on our website at www.nclhltd.com/investors or at www.proxyvote.com. 2025 Proxy Statement / 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS General Pursuant to our bye-laws, the number of directors on our Board must be at least seven, but no more than eleven, and is determined by resolution of our Board. Our Board currently consists of eight directors and is divided into three classes. The members of each class serve for staggered three-year terms. Each director holds office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. A director appointed by our Board to fill a vacancy (including a vacancy created by an increase in the size of our Board) will serve for the remainder of the term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. At the Annual General Meeting, shareholders will be asked to elect three directors to our Board as Class III directors. Our Nominating and Governance Committee recommended, and our Board nominated, Mr. Jos E. Cil, Mr. Harry C. Curtis and Mr. Harry Sommer as our Class III director nominees. If elected, each of the nominees will serve until our 2028 annual general meeting and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation, or removal. If any of the nominees becomes unable or unwilling for good cause to serve if elected, shares represented by validly delivered proxies will either be voted for the election of a substitute nominee designated by our Board or our Board may determine to reduce the size of our Board. Each person nominated for election has consented to be named in this Proxy Statement and agreed to serve if elected. There are no family relationships between or among any of our executive officers, directors or director nominees. 8 / TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Directors Standing for Election Class III Director Nominees (Term to Expire in 2028) JOS E. CIL Former Chief Executive Officer, Restaurant Brands International Inc. Age: 55 Director Since: October 2023 Independent Director Committees: TESS (Chairperson) Audit Favorite Norwegian Aqua Experience: Enjoying a cigar at the Humidor Cigar Lounge Qualifications and Experiences that Help Us Deliver on Our Mission Mr. Cil shares his extensive experience in the restaurant industry, which has significant parallels with the cruise industry, with our Board. With over 20 years of experience, he is an exceptional leader with a proven track record of driving growth both domestically and internationally, while maintaining a strong focus on financial results and shareholder profits. His collaborative leadership style, results-oriented mindset and proven ability to transform and grow global businesses enhances the collective expertise of our Board. Mr. Cil also led the development of Restaurant Brands International Inc. s ( RBI ) sustainability framework, Restaurant Brands for Good, during his tenure. Mr. Cil was identified for consideration by our Nominating and Governance Committee as a director nominee through a third-party search firm. Career Highlights Advisor, RBI: March 2023 March 2024 Chief Executive Officer, RBI, which owns Tim Hortons , Burger King , Popeyes and Firehouse Subs : January 2019 March 2023 Global President, Burger King: December 2014 January 2019 President, Burger King Europe, Middle East Africa: November 2010 December 2014 Vice President and Regional General Manager, South Florida, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.: February 2010 November 2010 Various positions with Burger King Corporation (prior to its merger with Tim Hortons and restructuring into RBI), including Vice President, Company Operations, US: September 2008 January 2010 Current Private Company Boards Director, Restaurant Brands Europe f/k/a Restaurant Brands Iberia Past Public Company Boards Board Member, Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: TAST): January 2015 February 2020 Current Community and Academic Boards Board of Advisors, Belen Jesuit Preparatory School Education J.D., University of Pennsylvania Law School B.A., Tulane University 2025 Proxy Statement / 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS HARRY C. CURTIS Former Managing Director, Nomura Instinet Age: 67 Director Since: October 2021 Independent Director Committees: Audit (Chairperson) Compensation Favorite Norwegian Aqua Experience: Golfing around the world at Tee Time Qualifications and Experiences that Help Us Deliver on Our Mission Mr. Curtis enhances our Board with insights gained in his approximately 30 years in equity research specializing in the gaming, lodging and leisure industry. His strengths include in-depth cruise industry knowledge, ability to identify investor sentiment and a comprehensive understanding of the key drivers of our Company s business model. He developed a wide following and has been recognized by institutional investors for his financial expertise and innovation in equity research. Career Highlights Managing Director, Nomura Instinet: 2010 2020 Managing Director, Chilton Investment Co.: 2008 2010 Managing Director, JP Morgan: 2002 2008 Visiting Professor, University of Nevada: 2002 2007 Partner/Managing Director, Robertson Stephens: 1998 2002 Vice President, Equity Research, Smith Barney: 1995 1997 Vice President, Equity Research, Hanifen Imhoff: 1992 1995 Education B.A. in English, Connecticut College Chartered Financial Analyst 10 / TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS HARRY SOMMER President and Chief Executive Officer of our Company Age: 57 Director Since: July 2023 Favorite Norwegian Aqua Experience: The Aqua Slidecoaster Qualifications and Experiences that Help Us Deliver on Our Mission Mr. Sommer brings his extensive knowledge and more than 30 years of experience in the cruise industry to our Board. Since becoming President and Chief Executive Officer in July 2023, Mr. Sommer has overseen the successful delivery of three newbuilds for our Company s fleet, Norwegian Viva, Seven Seas Grandeur and Norwegian Aqua. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company s largest cruise line, Norwegian Cruise Line, where he oversaw the brand s entire operations. Under his leadership, Norwegian Cruise Line navigated the industry s toughest period in history and relaunched operations after an approximately 500-day pause due to the pandemic-related global cruise voyage suspension. Simultaneously, he led Norwegian Cruise Line to introduce the first-in-class Norwegian Prima, the first of six ships in the brand s new class of ships that saw record-breaking bookings in 2022. Mr. Sommer was appointed to the Board in connection with his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer and provides a vital link between our Board and our management team. Career Highlights President and Chief Executive Officer, NCLH: July 2023 Present President and Chief Executive Officer Elect, NCLH: April 2023 June 2023 President and Chief Executive Officer, Norwegian Cruise Line: January 2020 March 2023 President, International, NCLH: January 2019 January 2020 Executive Vice President, International Business Development, NCLH: May 2015 January 2019 Executive Vice President and Chief Integration Officer, NCLH: February 2015 May 2015 Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Prestige Cruises: October 2013 February 2015 Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Information Officer of Prestige Cruises: September 2011 October 2013 Senior Vice President, Accounting, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of Prestige Cruises: August 2009 August 2011 Co-founder and President of Luxury Cruise Center, a high-end travel agency: 2002 2008 Vice President, Relationship Marketing for Norwegian Cruise Line: 2000 2001 Education M.B.A., Pace University B.B.A., Baruch College Certified Public Accountant (inactive license) Board Recommendation OUR BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR NAMED ABOVE. 2025 Proxy Statement / 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Directors Continuing in Office The following is biographical information on the remainder of our directors continuing in office as well as the key attributes, experience and skills that our Board believes such current directors contribute to our Board. Class I (Term Expires in 2026) DAVID M. ABRAMS Founder and Co-Managing Partner, Velocity Capital Management Age: 58 Director Since: April 2014 Independent Director Committees: Nominating Governance TESS Favorite Norwegian Aqua Experience: Practicing free throws on the Glow Court Qualifications and Experiences that Help Us Deliver on Our Mission Mr. Abrams shares over 25 years of experience in sports and entertainment, private equity, finance and investment banking with our Board. His expertise includes developing new businesses, financial strategy and the credit markets. Career Highlights Founder and Co-Managing Partner, Velocity Capital Management: November 2021 Present Chief Investment Officer, Harris Blitzer Sports and Entertainment, which owns the Philadelphia 76ers, the New Jersey Devils, the Prudential Center and esports franchise, Dignitas: November 2018 November 2021 Partner, Apollo Global Management, LLC, and founder of the Apollo European Principal Finance Fund franchise, which he ran from 2007 2015 Controlling shareholder of Keemotion SPRL, a leading sports technology company with operations in the U.S. and Europe: January 2015 Present Co-Managing Partner of the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders, the AAA-Affiliate of the New York Yankees: November 2014 Present Managing Director, Leveraged Finance Group, Credit Suisse, based in London and New York: 1996 2007 Founder and Head of the Specialty Finance Investment business, Credit Suisse, which included investing in non-performing loan portfolios and distressed assets: 2004 2007 Founding member and Co-Head, Global Distressed Sales and Trading Group, Credit Suisse (and its predecessor Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette, Inc.): 1996 2004 Associate/Vice President, Argosy Group, a boutique corporate restructuring firm Analyst, Investment Banking Division, Bear Stearns Co.: 1989 Past Public Company Boards Cansortium Inc. (CSE listed) Education B.S. in Economics, Wharton School of Business, University of Pennsylvania 12 / TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ZILLAH BYNG-THORNE Chief Executive Officer, Dignity plc Age: 50 Director Since: November 2022 Independent Director Committees: Audit Compensation Committee Nominating Governance Favorite Norwegian Aqua Experience: Revolution: A Celebration of Prince Qualifications and Experiences that Help Us Deliver on Our Mission Ms. Byng-Thorne shares her significant strategy, operations, technology, marketing, and talent management expertise with our Board. She has extensive technology sector experience, spanning online gaming, digital media and e-commerce. With over 20 years of experience as an executive officer, she has demonstrated a focus on driving operational excellence and is a proven people manager, identifying and developing talent at the senior level. Career Highlights Chief Executive Officer, Dignity plc: June 2024 Present Operating Partner, True Capital Limited: August 2023 February 2024 Chief Executive Officer, Future plc: April 2014 March 2023 Chief Financial Officer, Future plc: November 2013 March 2014 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Trader Media Group (owner of Auto Trader): 2012 2013 Chief Financial Officer, Trader Media Group (owner of Auto Trader): 2009 2012 Commercial Director and Chief Financial Officer, Fitness First: 2006 2009 Chief Financial Officer, Thresher Group: 2002 2006 Current Public Company Boards Chairperson, Trustpilot Group plc (LSE listed) Past Public Company Boards Executive Chair, M C Saatchi Group (LSE Listed) Future plc (LSE listed) Flutter Entertainment plc (LSE listed) THG plc (LSE listed) GoCo Group plc (formerly LSE listed) Prior Private Company Boards Non-Executive Director, MiQ Non-Executive Director, GWI Non-Executive Director, CarTrawler Education M.A. in Management, Glasgow University MSc in Behavioural Change, Henley Business School Chartered Management Accountant (The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants) Qualified Treasurer (Association of Corporate Treasurers) 2025 Proxy Statement / 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Class II (Term Expires in 2027) JOHN CHIDSEY Former Chief Executive Officer, Subway Restaurants Age: 62 Director Since: February 2025 (Previously from April 2013 to January 2022) Independent Director Committees: Nominating Governance (Chairperson) Audit Favorite Norwegian Aqua Experience: Playing darts at the Bull s Eye Bar Qualifications and Experiences that Help Us Deliver on Our Mission Mr. Chidsey contributes an in-depth understanding of the opportunities and demands of running a multi-national corporation to our Board. Through his legal, finance and accounting background and his leadership roles at Subway Restaurants, Burger King and Cendant, he developed skills that provide insight into the unique logistical demands of the cruise industry. His experience with public company leadership roles helps him align our Board with what our shareholders value most. Career Highlights Chief Executive Officer, Subway Restaurants: November 2019 December 2024 Chief Executive Officer, Burger King Holdings, Inc.: April 2006 October 2010 President and Chief Financial Officer, Burger King Holdings, Inc.: September 2005 April 2006 President, North America, Burger King Holdings, Inc.: June 2004 September 2005 Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative and Financial Officer, Burger King Holdings, Inc.: March 2004 June 2004 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Vehicle Services Division, Cendant, a $5.9 billion division, which included Avis Rent A Car, Budget Rent A Car Systems, PHH and Wright Express, and the Financial Services Division, a $1.4 billion division, which included Jackson Hewitt; Senior Vice President, Preferred Alliances: 1996 2003 Various senior leadership roles including Director of Finance, Pepsi-Cola Eastern Europe and Chief Financial Officer, PepsiCo World Trading Co., Inc.: beginning in 1992 Past Public Company Boards Encompass Health Corporation (formerly HealthSouth Corporation) (NYSE: EHC) Burger King Holdings, Inc., Chairman of the Board Brinker International Inc. Education M.B.A. in Finance and Accounting, Emory University J.D., Emory University B.A., Davidson College 14 / TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS STELLA DAVID Former Chief Executive Officer, William Grant Sons Limited Age: 62 Chairperson of our Board Director Since: January 2017 Independent Director Committees: Compensation Nominating Governance Favorite Norwegian Aqua Experience: Flotation salt pool in the Mandara Spa Qualifications and Experiences that Help Us Deliver on Our Mission Ms. David has extensive experience running multi-national corporations and has significant expertise in marketing and branding. As the leader of William Grant Sons Limited, she was responsible for the significant growth of the business, in particular their premium and luxury brands, and for leading the company s expansion into new markets. In addition, Ms. David has extensive experience as a director and is able to share the knowledge she has gained regarding corporate governance and risk management with our Board. Career Highlights Interim Chief Executive Officer, Entain plc, a sports betting and gaming group: December 2023 August 2024 and February 2025 Present Interim Chief Executive Officer, C J Clark Limited, an international shoe manufacturer and retailer: June 2018 April 2019 Chief Executive Officer, William Grant Sons Limited, an international spirits company: August 2009 March 2016 Various positions at Bacardi Limited over a fifteen-year period, including Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer: 2005 2009; and Chief Executive Officer of the U.K., Irish, Dutch and African business: 1999 2004 Current Public Company Boards Entain plc: March 2021 Present (LSE listed) Current Private Company Boards Bacardi Limited: June 2016 Present Past Company Boards Domino s Pizza Group plc: February 2021 December 2023 (LSE listed) Vue International: January 2023 December 2023 HomeServe plc: November 2010 November 2022 (LSE listed) C J Clark Limited: March 2012 February 2021 Nationwide Building Society: 2003 2010 Education Degree in Engineering, Cambridge University 2025 Proxy Statement / 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS MARY E. LANDRY Former U.S. Coast Guard Rear Admiral Age: 68 Director Since: June 2018 Independent Director Committees: Compensation (Chairperson) TESS Favorite Norwegian Aqua Experience: An evening stroll on Ocean Boulevard Qualifications and Experiences that Help Us Deliver on Our Mission Ms. Landry developed a strong background in marine safety, risk management and government policy over the course of her 35-year career with the U.S. government, including service on the White House National Security Council and active duty in the U.S. Coast Guard. In her roles with the U.S. Coast Guard and the White House, Ms. Landry worked on cybersecurity preparedness, policy and guidance. She brings expertise regarding the maritime operations of our Company and deep insight regarding risk mitigation, preparedness, resilience and cybersecurity strategies to our Board. Career Highlights White House National Security Council, Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Resilience Policy: 2013 2014 Various active-duty positions with the U.S. Coast Guard, including: Director, Incident Management Preparedness Policy: 2012 2015; Commander, Eighth Coast Guard District: 2009 2011, where she oversaw operations for a region including 26 states with over 10,000 active, reserve, civilian, and auxiliary personnel under her command; Director of Governmental and Public Affairs: 2007 2009; various tours from 1980 2007, which culminated in her advancement to Rear Admiral Current Industry Boards United States Automobile Association ( USAA ) Chairperson of the Compensation and Workforce Committee and member of the Risk Compliance Committee Sea Machines Robotics Advisory Board Member National Association of Corporate Directors ( NACD ), Florida Chapter Board Member Past Industry Boards SCORE Association Education National Security Fellowship, Harvard University M.A. in Marine Affairs, University of Rhode Island M.A. in Management, Webster University B.A. in English, University of Buffalo NACD Board Leadership Fellow NACD Directorship Certified Holds the NACD CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight Holds Corporate Director Certificate, Harvard Business School 16 / TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Shareholder Engagement We believe that strong relationships with our shareholders are critical to our long-term success. Our shareholder outreach program is led by a cross-functional team including members of our Investor Relations, Sustainability and Legal Departments at the direction of our Board. Through this year-round outreach, we solicit feedback on our executive compensation program, corporate governance, disclosure practices, corporate sustainability programs and long-term goals. We frequently include our Board members in our engagement meetings and share feedback with our entire Board. We also periodically ask our investment bankers to provide updates to our Board regarding investor sentiment. At our annual general meeting in June 2024, approximately 89.25% of the votes cast were in favor of the 2023 compensation of our NEOs (our 2024 Say-on-Pay Vote ). While our Company was pleased to see the improvement in our results from the previous year, our Board and Compensation Committee felt that it was important to continue soliciting feedback from our shareholders. We engaged directly with our shareholders to discuss our compensation program throughout 2024 and 2025. We initiated engagement about our compensation program during early 2025 with our top institutional holders, which represented approximately 35% of our total outstanding shares as of year-end 2024. We held conversations, sometimes over the course of multiple meetings, with holders representing approximately 20% of our outstanding shares as of year-end 2024. 2025 Proxy Statement / 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Board Leadership Structure Chairperson: Stella David Number of Board Meetings in 2024 Board and Committee Meeting Attendance by All Directors Annual General Meeting Attendance by Directors Our Board believes its current leadership structure best serves the objectives of our Board s oversight of management, our Board s ability to carry out its roles and responsibilities on behalf of our shareholders, and our overall corporate governance. Our Board and each of its committees are currently led by independent directors, with our President and Chief Executive Officer separately serving as a member of our Board. Our Board believes that the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer as a director, while keeping the roles of President and Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board separate, provides the proper balance between independence and management participation at this time. By having a separate Chairperson of the Board, we maintain an independent perspective on our business affairs, and at the same time, through the President and Chief Executive Officer s participation as a director, our Board maintains a strong link between management and our Board. We believe this leadership structure promotes clear communication, enhances strategic planning, and improves implementation of corporate strategies. Our current leadership structure is: Harry Sommer President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Stella David* Chairperson of the Board Harry C. Curtis* Chairperson of the Audit Committee Mary E. Landry* Chairperson of the Compensation Committee John Chidsey* Chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee Jos E. Cil* Chairperson of the TESS Committee * Independent Director Our Board periodically reviews the leadership structure of our Board and may make changes in the future. 18 / TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Meeting Attendance During 2024, there were four meetings of our Board, four meetings of our Audit Committee, five meetings of our Compensation Committee, four meetings of our Nominating and Governance Committee and four meetings of our TESS Committee. Each of our directors attended more than 75% of the aggregate of all meetings of our Board and of any committees on which he or she served during 2024. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, in addition to regularly scheduled Board meetings, during 2024, our independent directors held four regularly scheduled executive sessions without the presence of Company management. Our Chairperson of the Board presides at such executive sessions. We do not have a formal policy regarding Board member attendance at the annual general meeting of shareholders. All of our then-current directors and director nominees attended the annual general meeting of shareholders in 2024 in person or telephonically. Board Committees The standing committees of our Board include the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee and TESS Committee. Each committee has adopted a written charter and a copy of each committee charter is posted under Corporate Governance on our website at www.nclhltd.com/investors. In addition to these committees, our Board may, from time to time, authorize additional Board committees to assist the Board in its responsibilities. Chairperson: Harry C. Curtis Number of Meetings in 2024 Other Committee Members Zillah Byng-Thorne John Chidsey Jos E. Cil Audit Committee Primary Responsibilities The principal duties and responsibilities of our Audit Committee are to: oversee and monitor the integrity of our financial statements; monitor our financial reporting process and internal control system; appoint our independent registered public accounting firm, determine its compensation and other terms of engagement, assess its independence and qualifications and oversee its work; review our policies and guidelines with respect to risk assessment and management, and discuss with management our major risk exposures; oversee the performance of our Internal Audit function; and oversee our compliance with legal, ethical and regulatory matters. Our Audit Committee has the power to investigate any matter brought to its attention within the scope of its duties. It also has the authority to retain counsel and advisors to fulfill its responsibilities and duties. Independence All Audit Committee members are considered independent as defined in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and under applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). Mr. Abrams, who served on our Audit Committee through December 31, 2024, was considered independent during his service. Audit Committee Financial Experts Our Board has determined that each of our Audit Committee members qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Their biographies are available under Proposal 1 Election of Directors. 2025 Proxy Statement / 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Chairperson: Mary E. Landry Number of Meetings in 2024 Other Committee Members Zillah Byng-Thorne Harry C. Curtis Stella David Compensation Committee Primary Responsibilities The principal duties and responsibilities of our Compensation Committee are to: provide oversight of the planning, design and implementation of our overall compensation and benefits strategies; establish and administer incentive compensation, benefit and equity-related plans; approve (or recommend that our Board approve) changes to our executive compensation plans, incentive compensation plans, equity-based plans and benefits plans; establish corporate goals, objectives, salaries, incentives and other forms of compensation for our President and Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers; provide oversight of and review the performance of our President and Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers; consider and discuss with management the risks inherent in the design of the Company s compensation plans, policies and practices; provide oversight of and review our share ownership and clawback policies; and review and make recommendations to our Board with respect to the compensation and benefits of our non-employee directors. Our Compensation Committee is also responsible for reviewing the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and for preparing the Compensation Committee Report included in this Proxy Statement. Our Compensation Committee considers recommendations of our President and Chief Executive Officer in reviewing and determining the compensation, including equity awards, of our other executive officers. In addition, our Compensation Committee has the power to appoint and delegate matters to a subcommittee comprised of at least one member of our Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee does not currently intend to delegate any of its responsibilities to a subcommittee. Our Compensation Committee is authorized to retain compensation consultants to assist in the review and analysis of the compensation of our executive officers. As further described under Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis , our Compensation Committee engaged Korn Ferry during 2024 to advise it regarding the amount and types of compensation that we provide to our executive officers, how our compensation practices compared to the compensation practices of other companies and to advise on matters related to our incentive compensation structures. Our Compensation Committee has assessed the independence of Korn Ferry and concluded that its engagement of Korn Ferry did not raise any conflict of interest. Independence All Compensation Committee members are considered independent under applicable NYSE rules and satisfy the additional independence requirements specific to Compensation Committee membership under the NYSE listing standards. 20 / TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Chairperson: John Chidsey Number of Meetings in 2024 Other Committee Members David Abrams Zillah Byng-Thorne Stella David Nominating and Governance Committee Primary Responsibilities The principal duties and responsibilities of our Nominating and Governance Committee are to: establish criteria for our Board and committee membership, identify individuals qualified to become members of the Board of Directors and recommend to our Board qualified individuals to become members of our Board; make recommendations to our Board regarding the size and composition of our Board and its committees; advise and make recommendations to our Board regarding proposals submitted by our shareholders; oversee the evaluation of our Board, its committees and management; make recommendations to our Board regarding management succession; make recommendations to our Board regarding our Board s governance matters and practices; and oversee our political spending and lobbying policies and practices. Independence All Nominating and Governance Committee members are considered independent under applicable NYSE rules. Mr. Galbut, who served on our Nominating and Governance Committee through August 11, 2024, was considered independent during his service. Chairperson: Jos E. Cil Number of Meetings in 2024 Other Committee Members David Abrams Mary E. Landry Technology, Environmental, Safety and Security ( TESS ) Committee Primary Responsibilities The principal duties and responsibilities of our TESS Committee are to: oversee matters, initiatives, reporting and public communications related to sustainability, environmental and climate-related matters; oversee matters, initiatives, reporting and public communications related to human capital matters as well as other corporate social responsibility matters; oversee our programs and policies related to technology, including artificial intelligence, innovation and cyber and information security, including data protection and privacy; oversee our policies regarding safety and security; and review with management significant risks related to technology (including artificial intelligence), cyber and information security (including data protection and privacy), safety, security, human capital, and sustainability, environmental and climate-related matters. Independence All TESS Committee members are considered independent under applicable NYSE rules. Ms. David, who served on our TESS Committee through February 4, 2025, was considered independent during her service. 2025 Proxy Statement / 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Nomination Process Our Nominating and Governance Committee regularly evaluates our Board to ensure that our directors have the broad range of skills, expertise, industry knowledge and mix of background and experience needed to support our long-term strategy. Prior to each annual general meeting of shareholders, our Nominating and Governance Committee recommends to our Board nominee candidates that it has found to be well-qualified, willing and available to serve. In addition, our Nominating and Governance Committee recommends candidates to serve on our Board at other times during the year, as needed. Our Board has been actively searching for an additional member and plans to announce such appointment in the near term. As described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Nominating and Governance Committee seeks to recommend directors who: (1) understand elements relevant to the success of a publicly traded company, (2) understand our business and (3) have a strong educational and professional background. In selecting director nominees, our Nominating and Governance Committee also considers the individual s independence, character, ability to exercise sound judgment and demonstrated leadership skills. Our Nominating and Governance Committee may engage a third-party search firm to assist it in identifying candidates for our Board and has regularly done so in past searches. Our Nominating and Governance Committee also considers the other time commitments of directors and director candidates to ensure they can dedicate appropriate time to our Board and respective committees. Our Nominating and Governance Committee will identify and consider candidates suggested by outside directors, management and/or shareholders and evaluate them in accordance with its established criteria. Director candidates recommended by shareholders will be considered in the same manner as recommendations from other sources. If a shareholder desires to recommend a director candidate for consideration by our Nominating and Governance Committee, recommendations should be sent in writing to the General Counsel and Secretary, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., 7665 Corporate Center Drive Miami, Florida 33126, together with appropriate biographical information concerning each proposed director candidate. Our Nominating and Governance Committee may request such additional information concerning the director candidate as it deems reasonably necessary to determine the eligibility and qualification of the director candidate to serve as a member of our Board. Shareholders who are recommending candidates for consideration by our Board in connection with the next annual general meeting of shareholders should submit their written recommendation no later than January 1 of the year of that meeting. Director Independence Our Board has affirmatively determined that seven of our eight directors, Mr. David M. Abrams, Ms. Zillah Byng-Thorne, Mr. Jos E. Cil, Mr. John Chidsey, Mr. Harry C. Curtis, Ms. Stella David and Ms. Mary E. Landry, are independent under the applicable rules of the NYSE. Our Board determined that Mr. Harry Sommer is not independent under applicable NYSE rules due to his employment with the Company. Our Board also determined that Mr. Russell Galbut, who resigned from our Board in August 2024, was considered independent under the applicable rules of the NYSE during his time on our Board. In considering the independence of each director, our Board reviews information provided by each director and considers whether any director has a material relationship with us (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with us). In connection with the review of Mr. Galbut s independence, our Board and Nominating and Governance Committee considered an investment, with a total potential value of approximately $6 million, that a trust affiliated with Mr. Frank J. Del Rio, our former President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Frank A. Del Rio, our former President, Oceania Cruises, had made in a property being developed by an entity affiliated with Mr. Galbut. Following a review of the relevant facts, our Board and Nominating and Governance Committee determined that Mr. Galbut maintained his independence pursuant to the applicable rules of the NYSE. 22 / TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board, Director and Committee Evaluations Each fall, our Nominating and Governance Committee leads our Board and its committees through a formal evaluation process. All members of our Board complete written questionnaires regarding the Board, its committees and general matters of strategy and focus. These questionnaires are designed to elicit information that will ultimately help improve the effectiveness of the Board and each committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee also solicits anonymous feedback regarding individual directors. The feedback from these questionnaires is then analyzed and discussed by both the Nominating and Governance Committee and the full Board to ensure that appropriate steps are taken to address any opportunities for improvement. For example, previous evaluations resulted in: changes to the composition of our committees and leadership, an increased focus on talent reviews and succession planning, including additional opportunities for Board members to engage with members of management in formal and informal settings, the formation of the TESS Committee, the creation of a dedicated Sustainability Department, and the designation of additional time for strategic discussions. Board Risk Oversight Our Board recognizes that effective risk oversight is critical to our long-term success and the fulfillment of its fiduciary duties to our shareholders. While our management team is responsible for the day-to-day management of our risks and implementing appropriate risk management strategies, our Board is responsible for setting the correct tone at the top, fostering an appropriate culture of risk management, understanding our key risks and monitoring how management mitigates such risks. Our Board uses its committees to assist in their risk oversight function as described below. 2025 Proxy Statement / 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 24 / TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE At regular meetings of our Board, committee members report to the full Board regarding matters reported and discussed at committee meetings, including matters relating to risk assessment or risk management. Members of management provide regular reports to our Board, or its committees, regarding business operations, strategic planning, financial planning, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, privacy, legal, environmental and climate-related matters, social and governance matters, compliance and regulatory matters, succession planning and human capital management, including any material risk to us relating to such matters. Our TESS Committee reviews metrics and information regarding our cybersecurity, artificial intelligence and privacy programs and the sustainability topics it is responsible for overseeing on at least a quarterly basis. At each meeting of our TESS Committee, members of the management team that are responsible for the areas our TESS Committee oversees have the opportunity to conduct a deep dive discussion regarding the relevant matter. For example, these meetings have resulted in detailed discussions about privacy and data governance, cybersecurity and related risks, technology risks, artificial intelligence, greenhouse gas emissions reporting and climate action. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Development Officer and Secretary, Executive Vice President, Chief People Excellence Officer and Senior Vice President, Assistant General Counsel, Securities, Sustainability and Compliance regularly attend meetings of our Board and its committees when they are not in executive session and often report on and or supplement discussions on matters that may not be otherwise addressed. Our Audit Committee also receives regular reports from our Senior Vice President of Internal Audit and Enterprise Risk Management, who facilitates our enterprise risk management process on behalf of management and our Audit Committee, to allow our major business risks to be assessed and managed appropriately. In addition, our management team is encouraged to communicate directly with directors regarding matters of interest, including matters related to risk, at times when meetings are not being held. Our Board believes that the structure and assigned responsibilities described above provide the appropriate focus, oversight and communication of key risks we face. Our Board also believes that the processes it has established to administer our Board s risk oversight function would be effective under a variety of leadership frameworks and therefore do not have a material effect on our Board s leadership structure. Sustainability Sail Sustain Our global sustainability program, Sail Sustain, is centered around our commitment to drive a positive impact on society and nature while delivering on our vision to be the vacation of choice for everyone around the world. We offer itineraries to approximately 700 destinations globally, allowing our guests to travel and explore the world. Our business is inextricably linked to the preservation of our planet and the protection of our shared resources. We are committed to maintaining our high standards of operational excellence, achieving results the right way and creating value for both our business and our stakeholders. Our sustainability strategy is focused on five pillars: empowering people, caring for nature, strengthening our communities, sailing safely and operating with integrity and accountability. The strategy was developed through cross-functional collaboration with key internal and external stakeholders and informed by our materiality assessment and other influencing factors. Our annual Sail Sustain report, which is available on our website at www.nclhltd.com/sustainability, provides transparency to our stakeholders, with goals and initiatives across our pillars. Empowering People It is our privilege to work in a community of approximately 41,700 team members around the globe. We firmly believe our culture and commitment to empowering people allows us to attract and retain top talent, while simultaneously providing robust career development opportunities that ultimately result in significant value to all our stakeholders from guests to shareholders. In 2024, we introduced our new corporate-wide strategy Charting the Course which includes our key pillar 2025 Proxy Statement / 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE People Excellence and fosters a culture based on our value anchors of Collaboration, Innovation, Transparency, and Passion. Along with a history of strong retention rates across our shoreside and shipboard teams, our commitment to culture is reflected in our awards and accolades, including our inclusion on the Forbes 2024 list of World s Best Employers for Women and Newsweek 2024 America s Greatest Workplace for Parents and Families. As a people-first organization, we believe in offering our team members programs and benefits that encourage them to advance their skills and achieve long-term financial stability. We actively foster a culture of learning and offer a variety of developmental courses for our team members. Our benefit programs also include student loan repayment assistance and educational assistance for eligible team members seeking degrees or professional certifications. In 2024, we also expanded our benefits package, including physical, financial and emotional well-being benefits. We are especially proud of the NCLH Wellness at Sea initiative, which was introduced to shipboard team members to cultivate a culture of wellness on board our ships. Guidelines, resources and activities were developed addressing nutrition, fitness, sleep, and stress management among other wellness goals. Strengthening Our Communities We are committed to strengthening the local communities in which we live, work and visit as well as the local ecosystems through which we cruise. It is our responsibility and privilege to give back to the communities around the world where we serve. We drive social impact through our philanthropy initiatives, partnerships and community engagement programs. In 2024, we contributed significantly to global communities by donating nearly $1.7 million in cash, cruise and other in-kind donations. Our Military Appreciation Program, founded by our internal Veteran s Task Force, has provided exclusive discounts to active and retired U.S. military members and their spouses since the program launched in November 2022. Through Norwegian Cruise Line s Giving Joy program, a Giving Joy contest is annually launched during Teacher Appreciation Week in May. In 2024, the contest drew support for thousands of teachers across the United States and Canada and garnered hundreds of thousands of votes. Twenty educators with the most votes won a seven-day cruise for two and three grand prize winners had the opportunity to experience the exclusive four-day christening voyage on Norwegian Aqua, the newest ship in the Norwegian Cruise Line fleet. Team members actively engage in our communities by donating through our Workplace Giving program, volunteering in our local communities, and participating in various events including beach clean-ups and toy drives. All U.S. shoreside team members are provided with a paid Volunteer Day to give back to the causes they hold dear. Caring for Nature Caring for nature is a key goal of the Sail Sustain program. Since launching our commitment to pursue net zero greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions by 2050 across our operations and value chain ( net zero ), we have enhanced our roadmap and set interim targets to guide us on our path to net zero. Our pursuit of climate resilience is focused on implementing solutions for efficiency today, innovating for future solutions, and collaborating with our stakeholders along the way. We are deploying a range of efficiency measures from technical investments such as HVAC upgrades and waste heat recovery systems to operational enhancements such as itinerary optimization. We are also investing in shore power technology, which is designed to allow us to connect to onshore electrical power grids with the appropriate port infrastructure. A total of 19 ships in our fleet, or 59%, were equipped with such technology by the end of 2024, and we are targeting for 70% of our fleet to be equipped by year-end 2025. While these measures will be key for our short- and near-term targets, we are also innovating for long-term solutions and technologies that will further support GHG reductions. A key driver of our Sail Sustain program is the ability to secure and safely operate on low- to zero-carbon fuels such as biodiesel and green methanol. Biodiesel can be blended with traditional marine gas oil to support a reduction in lifecycle GHG emissions. We have successfully tested the use of biodiesel blends on over 47% of our fleet as a potential transition fuel while we continue to explore the viability of green methanol. Green methanol has the potential to be a viable, scalable long-term solution for decarbonization. The production of green methanol is still in the early stages and will require significant investments in land-based infrastructure to sufficiently scale for distribution and consumption globally. However, we are optimistic that green methanol can be a long-term solution and has promising feasibility to scale. To prepare for a long-term transition toward net zero, we have lengthened and reconfigured the designs for the final two Prima Class ships, expected to be delivered in 2027 and 2028, to accommodate the use of green methanol as a future fuel source. While additional modifications will be needed to fully enable the use of green methanol, these modifications represent an important step forward in the pursuit of net zero by 2050. 26 / TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Sailing Safely The health, safety, and well-being of our guests and crew is our highest priority, not only on board our ships but also in every destination we visit. We make significant efforts to maintain a healthy, safe, and clean environment and have a stringent 24/7/365 public health and safety program in place. Our operations follow a Safety Management System ( SMS ) in conformance with the requirements established by the International Safety Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and ISO 14001-2015 related to Environmental Management Systems. We foster a continuous commitment from all team members involved in the activities we do that are affected by the SMS through our Health, Safety, Environment Security Committee ( HSES Committee ). Our HSES Committee is responsible for the correct implementation of the established standards for the safe operations of our ships, pollution prevention and security. Succession Planning Succession planning is part of our culture and a key component of our corporate governance strategy. We have a year-round focus on providing team members with opportunities to develop their leadership skills and add to our bench of talent through various training initiatives. Our Nominating and Governance Committee, President and Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief People Excellence Officer and Senior Vice President, People Excellence and Culture, engage in a formal process to identify, evaluate, and select potential successors for our President and Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management. This review has included work with a third-party advisor to facilitate the succession planning process, planned talent rotations so that members of the management team can gain familiarity with multiple areas of the business, the creation of development plans for senior leaders to help prepare them for future succession and contingency plans in the event our President and Chief Executive Officer is unable to serve for any reason, including death or disability. Members of management are also regularly invited to present to the Board and committees and meet with directors in informal settings to allow our directors to form a more complete understanding of our executives skills and character. This process culminates in a periodic review of potential successors and future leadership with the entire Board. Insider Trading Policy and Procedures We have adopted an insider trading policy governing, among other things, purchases, sales, and other dispositions involving our securities by all of our directors, officers, and employees. We believe our insider trading policy and procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations and the NYSE listing standards. Our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Because our insider trading policy and procedures are designed to address transactions in our Company s securities by our directors, officers, and employees, our insider trading policy does not govern our Company s purchase of our securities. Hedging, Pledging and Short Sale Prohibitions Our insider trading policy also prohibits our senior officers (who are defined as those team members in positions at the Vice President and above level) and the members of our Board from engaging in any speculative transactions or in transactions that attempt to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of our securities, including but not limited to put options, prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps and collars. Additionally, our insider trading policy prohibits senior officers, including our NEOs, and directors from engaging in short sales of our securities or engaging in transactions involving Company-based derivative securities, including, but not limited to, trading in Company-based put option contracts, call option contracts, transacting in straddles, and the like. We also have a policy that prohibits senior officers and members of our Board from margining Company securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan. All other employees are strongly discouraged from engaging in the transactions described above. 2025 Proxy Statement / 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Overboarding Policy Our directors are limited to serving on the boards of directors of not more than five total public companies, including our Company, and any director who serves as an active Chief Executive Officer of any public company, including our Company, is limited to serving on the board of directors of two total public company boards (excluding any board service at the company where the director currently serves as Chief Executive Officer). Additionally, members of our Audit Committee may not serve on the audit committees of the boards of directors of more than two other publicly traded companies, unless the Board determines that such simultaneous service would not impair the abilities of such member to effectively serve on our Audit Committee. Our Nominating and Governance Committee also considers the other time commitments of directors and director candidates to ensure they can dedicate appropriate time to our Board and respective committees. Prior to accepting any position on the board of directors of any other organization, our directors must notify our Secretary. Each member of our Board is currently in compliance with our overboarding policy. Our Governance Committee reviews this policy periodically as part of its annual review of our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Code of Ethical Business Conduct We have a Code of Ethical Business Conduct that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller and persons performing similar functions, and our directors. These standards are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct. Our Code of Ethical Business Conduct is posted on our website, www.nclhltd.com/investors, under Governance Governance Documents. We intend to disclose any waivers from, and amendments to, our Code of Ethical Business Conduct that apply to our directors and executive officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller and persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on our website, www.nclhltd.com/investors, to the extent required by applicable rules of the NYSE and rules and regulations of the SEC. Corporate Governance Materials Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provide the framework for the governance of our Company and represent our Board s current views with respect to selected corporate governance issues considered to be of significance to our shareholders. The Corporate Governance Guidelines direct our Board s actions with respect to, among other things, Board composition, director qualifications and background considerations, director independence, Board committees, succession planning and the Board s annual performance evaluation. A current copy of the Corporate Governance Guidelines is posted on our website, www.nclhltd.com/investors, under Governance Governance Documents. Communicating with the Board Shareholders and other interested parties may send written communications to our Board or to specified individuals on our Board, including the Chairperson of our Board or all independent directors as a group, c/o Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. s General Counsel and Secretary at 7665 Corporate Center Drive, Miami, Florida 33126. All mail received will be opened and communications from verified shareholders that relate to matters that are within the scope of the responsibilities of our Board, other than solicitations, junk mail and frivolous or inappropriate communications, will be forwarded to the Chairperson of our Board or any specified individual director or group of directors, as applicable. If the correspondence is addressed to our Board, the Chairperson will distribute it to our other Board members if she determines it is appropriate for our full Board to review. In addition, if requested by shareholders, when appropriate, the Chairperson of our Board or other appropriate independent director will also be available for consultation and direct communication with shareholders. 28 / TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Director Compensation Program Our Board is focused on attracting and retaining members with the expertise, background and experience needed to lead our Company. Under our Directors Compensation Policy, each member of our Board who was not employed by us was entitled to receive the following cash compensation for their role on the Board, committees or oversight roles during 2024, as applicable: Type of Retainer or Fee Amount Annual Cash Retainer $ 100,000 Chairperson of the Board $ 200,000 Chairperson of the Audit Committee $ 40,000 Chairperson of the Compensation Committee $ 40,000 Chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee $ 40,000 Chairperson of the TESS Committee $ 40,000 Audit Committee Member Retainer (1) $ 20,000 Compensation Committee Member Retainer (1) $ 20,000 Nominating and Governance Committee Member Retainer (1) $ 20,000 TESS Committee Member Retainer (1) $ 20,000 (1) Chairperson of each committee is not eligible. All annual retainers were pro-rated for partial years of service and payable in four quarterly installments. Each of our directors was also reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for attendance at Board and committee meetings. Our directors had the right to elect to receive their $100,000 annual cash retainers in the form of a restricted share unit ( RSU ) award in lieu of cash. Any such RSU award was automatically granted on the first business day of 2024 and vested in one installment on the first business day of 2025. In addition, each director was entitled to receive an annual RSU award on the first business day of 2024 valued at $200,000 on the date of the award. Each director s annual RSU award vested in one installment on the first business day of the calendar year following the year the award was granted. Each director s annual RSU award would have been pro-rated if the director joined our Board after the first business day of the given year. To enhance their understanding of our products, each director was invited to take one cruise with a guest of their choice on one of our Company s brands annually. The director was responsible for taxes and certain fees and any onboard spending. Board members also have a cruise retirement benefit that allows non-employee directors who serve on the Board for nine or more years to receive certain cruise benefits post-retirement. Mr. Sommer, as an employee of our Company, was not entitled to receive any additional fees for his services as a director. Following consultation with our Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant, Korn Ferry, and to facilitate our Board s mission of attracting and retaining highly skilled directors, our Board determined it was appropriate to make the following changes to our Directors Compensation Policy effective January 1, 2025: increase the annual Chairperson retainer to $225,000, as our new Chairperson, Ms. Stella David, had to forfeit compensation from a third party to assume the role. The following table presents information on compensation to the following individuals for the services provided as a director during the year ended December 31, 2024. 2025 Proxy Statement / 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 2024 Director Compensation Name (1) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (2)(3) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) David M. Abrams (4) 140,000 199,999 339,999 Zillah Byng-Thorne 160,000 199,999 359,999 Jos E. Cil (4) 160,000 199,999 359,999 Harry C. Curtis 160,000 199,999 359,999 Stella David (4) 237,174 199,999 437,173 Russell W. Galbut (5) 320,000 369,431 100,000 789,431 Mary E. Landry 160,000 199,999 359,999 (1) Mr. Abrams compensation relates to his role as a member of our Audit Committee and TESS Committee and as a director during 2024. Ms. Zillah Byng-Thorne s compensation relates to her role as an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee member and as a director during 2024. Mr. Cil s compensation relates to his role as the Chairperson of our TESS Committee and a member of our Audit Committee and as a director during 2024. Mr. Curtis s compensation relates to his role as Chairperson of our Audit Committee, a member of our Compensation Committee and as a director during 2024. Ms. David s compensation relates to her role as Chairperson of our Board beginning in August 2024, Chairperson of our Nominating and Governance Committee, a member of our TESS Committee and as a director during 2024. Any cash payments made to Ms. David were converted from dollars to pounds as of the exchange rate at the end of each applicable quarter. Mr. Galbut s compensation relates to his role as Chairperson of our Board and as a member of our Nominating and Governance Committee and as a director through August 12, 2024, the date of his resignation. Ms. Landry s compensation relates to her role as Chairperson of our Compensation Committee, as a member of our TESS Committee and as a director during 2024. No other directors received any form of compensation for their services in their capacity as a director during the 2024 calendar year. (2) The amounts reported in the Stock Awards column of the table above reflect the grant date fair value under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 ( FASB ASC Topic 718 ) of the time-based RSU awards granted to our non-employee directors in 2024. The grant date fair value for the RSU awards was calculated as equal to the $18.32 closing price of our ordinary shares on the date of grant, January 2, 2024. In the case of Mr. Galbut, the reported amount also includes the incremental fair value of the RSU award computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, which was accelerated based on the $15.52 closing price of our ordinary shares on August 8, 2024, the date our Compensation Committee approved the acceleration. (3) None of our non-employee directors held any outstanding options or restricted shares as of December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, our non-employee directors held the following unvested RSUs: Name Unvested RSUs David M. Abrams 16,375 Zillah Byng-Thorne 10,917 Jos E. Cil 16,375 Harry C. Curtis 10,917 Stella David 16,375 Russell W. Galbut Mary E. Landry 10,917 (4) Mr. Abrams, Mr. Cil and Ms. David elected to receive their full annual retainers in the form of RSU awards. Accordingly, they received 5,458 RSUs in lieu of their annual retainers for 2024. The retainers that these directors elected to receive in RSUs are reported as though they had been paid in cash and such retainer had not been converted into RSUs. (5) We made a $100,000 contribution to a charitable organization affiliated with Mr. Galbut in connection with his resignation from our Board in August 2024. The Board also determined that Mr. Galbut would accelerate in the vesting of his unvested, outstanding RSUs, would continue to be paid through the end of 2024 as if he had not resigned, and would be entitled to the cruise retirement benefit. 30 / TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Director Share Ownership Policy To reinforce our Board s philosophy that meaningful ownership in our Company provides greater alignment between our Board and our shareholders, our Board adopted a share ownership policy. The share ownership policy requires non-employee directors who receive compensation from our Company to own a number of our ordinary shares equal to three times their annual cash retainer, with such values determined annually based on the average daily closing price of our ordinary shares for the previous calendar year. Non-employee directors have five years from their appointment to meet the requirements of the share ownership policy and are required to retain 50% of the net after-tax shares received in respect of equity awards until they are in compliance. All of our non-employee directors who receive compensation for their service as a director have exceeded the requirements or are on track to meet their objectives within the five-year period. 2025 Proxy Statement / 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL 2 ADVISORY APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS We are providing our shareholders with the opportunity to vote, on a non-binding, advisory basis, on the compensation of our NEOs as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. Our Compensation Committee was pleased to see significant improvements in our 2024 Say-on-Pay Vote, but we continued to engage directly with our shareholders to gather their feedback and continue to make improvements in our compensation program. Shareholders are strongly encouraged to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, which discusses in detail how our compensation policies and practices implement our compensation philosophy. We are asking our shareholders to indicate their support for our NEOs compensation as described in this Proxy Statement. The vote on this resolution, commonly known as a Say-on-Pay Vote , is not intended to address any specific element of compensation; rather, the vote relates to the overall compensation of our NEOs. The vote is advisory, which means that the vote is not binding on our Company, our Board or our Compensation Committee. However, our Compensation Committee, which is responsible for designing and overseeing our executive compensation program, values the opinions expressed by our shareholders in their vote on this proposal and will consider the outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions for our NEOs. Pursuant to the requirements of Section 14A of the Exchange Act and the related rules of the SEC, our Board requests your advisory vote on the following resolution at the Annual General Meeting: RESOLVED , that the shareholders of our Company approve, on an advisory basis, the overall compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables and the accompanying narrative disclosures set forth in the Proxy Statement for this Annual General Meeting. Our current policy is to provide our shareholders with an opportunity to approve the compensation of our NEOs each year at the annual general meeting of shareholders. It is expected that the next such vote will occur at the 2026 annual general meeting of shareholders. Board Recommendation OUR BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT SHAREHOLDERS VOTE FOR ADVISORY APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT. 32 / TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION A Letter from Our Compensation Committee Chairperson April 29, 2025 Dear Fellow Shareholders, Over the last few years, our Compensation Committee and Board have devoted themselves to the important work of soliciting input from our shareholders and actively reshaping our executive compensation program to better reflect what our shareholders expect and value. I am proud to say that we have seen that these efforts were appreciated by our shareholders through the improvement in our annual Say-on-Pay Vote. Since I became Chairperson of the Compensation Committee, our Say-on-Pay Vote has improved from 15.4% in 2022 to 89.25% in 2024. While we are very proud of the progress we have made, we know the importance of continuing to stay closely aligned with our shareholders and making decisions for our executive compensation program that drive our Company towards our shared goal of increasing shareholder value for the long-term. Our long- and short-term incentive compensation program for 2024 included metrics that our Compensation Committee believes drive our management team to make decisions that position our Company well for the future. We again included Adjusted EBITDA as a metric for our short-term incentive plan. Our long-term incentive plan is based on both Adjusted EPS and, at the request of our shareholders, Adjusted ROIC. Our Compensation Committee believes that this combination of metrics provides the appropriate balance for our management team and helps to focus our management team on responsibly deploying our capital. Since 2023, 50% of our NEOs equity awards were subject to performance-based metrics with three-year performance periods. We also retained sustainability metrics in our short-term incentive plan that focus on encouraging greenhouse gas emissions reductions as we believe the path towards decarbonization will be an important pillar of our ability to succeed as a cruise operator in the future. In May 2024, we announced our 2026 Charting the Course targets, which set long-term goals for our Company in connection with the launch of our new Charting the Course strategy. Our 2026 Charting the Course targets were announced after our short- and long-term executive compensation metrics had been set in February 2024. During our engagement with shareholders in late 2024 and early 2025, our shareholders told us that it was important that management s short- and long-term metrics were aligned with our 2026 Charting the Course targets. In direct response to this request, we incorporated the 2026 Charing the Course targets into our short- and long-term metrics set in February 2025. Our 2025 executive compensation program includes Adjusted EPS and greenhouse gas intensity reduction metrics in our short-term metrics and Adjusted ROIC, Net Leverage and Adjusted Operational EBITDA Margin in our long-term metrics. We are focused as a Compensation Committee on making sure our management team is motivated and incentivized to deliver long-term value to our shareholders as the decisions our management team is making today will shape the future of our Company. Our bold vision includes a newbuild program that will deliver new classes of ships for each of our three award-winning brands through 2036 and investments in our land-based destinations like Great Stirrup Cay. We are more excited than ever about the future of our Company and our ability to share this journey with you. I am extremely grateful to all of our shareholders who took the time to share their feedback with us. We will continue listening to you as we evolve our thoughtful approach to our compensation program. We have tremendous opportunity ahead of us and I look forward to what we can accomplish together. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, Mary Landry, Chairperson of the Compensation Committee 2025 Proxy Statement / 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis A Transformational Year 2024 marked a transformational year as we achieved significant brand milestones, set ambitious long-term financial targets under our Charting the Course strategy, and announced a historic fleet expansion program laying the foundation for future success. Our strategy centers around four key pillars: People Excellence , Guest-centric Product , Long-term Growth Platform and Exceptional Performance . These pillars guide us in transforming our Company s culture, targeting investments that guests value, capitalizing on high growth opportunities, and driving financial performance all supported by our Sail Sustain sustainability strategy. We are immensely proud of our progress and are excited to see how this culture change drives growth in 2025. People Excellence Launched our Value Anchors Collaboration, Transparency, Innovation, and Passion which serve as the foundation of our organizational culture. Rolled out our Charting the Course strategy across all levels of the organization. Achieved high participation rates and high marks in our annual shoreside team member engagement survey. Received employer recognition from Forbes and Newsweek. Guest-centric Product Repositioned in our largest brand, Norwegian Cruise Line, to encourage guests to Experience More at Sea TM . Successfully implemented Starlink Wi-Fi across our entire fleet, enhancing onboard internet capacity, speed, and reliability. Announced multiple strategic partnerships including Norwegian Cruise Line s partnership with the National Hockey League and Regent Seven Seas Cruises partnership with the Aston Martin Aramco Formula One team. Expanded itineraries with additional ports of call, and enhanced dining and entertainment options across the fleet. Long-term Growth Platform Unveiled our most comprehensive newbuild order in our history, including a total of eight state-of-the-art vessels, representing approximately 25,000 additional berths. Norwegian Aqua debuted in April 2025 while Oceania Allura is scheduled to sail in July 2025. Commenced construction of a multi-ship pier at Great Stirrup Cay, which will significantly enhance our offerings and guest experience in the Caribbean. Exceptional Performance 2024 was a year of exceptional financial performance, as reflected below. 34 / TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2025 Proxy Statement / 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Shareholder Outreach Regarding Compensation Program We believe that a continuous engagement program is an integral part of delivering value to our shareholders. We maintain an active, year-round engagement program regarding finance, strategy and sustainability topics which provides our shareholders with access to various members of our executive team and our Board. At our annual general meeting in June 2024, approximately 89.25% of the votes cast were in favor of the 2023 compensation of our NEOs. While our Company was pleased to see the improvement in our results from the previous year, our Board and Compensation Committee felt that it was important to continue soliciting feedback from our shareholders. We engaged directly with our shareholders to discuss our compensation program throughout 2024 and into 2025. We initiated engagement about our compensation program during early 2025 with our top institutional holders, which represented approximately 35% of our total outstanding shares as of year-end 2024. We held conversations, sometimes over the course of multiple meetings, with holders representing approximately 20% of our outstanding shares as of year-end 2024. The results of this outreach were shared with the entire Board. The key feedback we received from shareholders at these meetings and our responses to the feedback included: 36 / TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Key Investor Feedback WHAT WE HEARD HOW WE RESPONDED Requested that our executive compensation performance measures be tied to our long-term targets In direct response to shareholder feedback, our 2025 short- and long-term incentive metrics correlate to our 2026 Charting the Course targets announced at our May 2024 Investor Day Shareholders advised that they supported the improvements to the 2024 compensation program, which had been previewed in the prior Proxy Statement With the encouragement of our shareholders, our Compensation Committee carried the improvements to the 2024 compensation program into the 2025 compensation program Requested that the Compensation Committee be thoughtful about the types of adjustments made to financial performance metrics for the executive compensation program Our Compensation Committee gave careful consideration to the types of adjustments that would be made to GAAP measures in the definitions of the non-GAAP metrics used for the executive compensation program to motivate the right types of management behavior Advised that they were supportive of the Adjusted ROIC metric included in the 2025 long-term incentive Our Compensation Committee again included Adjusted ROIC as a metric in our 2025 long-term incentive Supported strong alignment between executive compensation and increased shareholder value Our Compensation Committee strove to focus the management team on the metrics it believes will best drive our Company s performance for the 2024 and 2025 executive compensation program 2024 Compensation Program Summary 2025 Proxy Statement / 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2024 Named Executive Officers Our NEOs for 2024 were: Harry Sommer President and Chief Executive Officer Mark A. Kempa Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Patrik Dahlgren Executive Vice President, Chief Vessel Operations and Newbuild Officer Daniel S. Farkas Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Development Officer and Secretary David Herrera President, Norwegian Cruise Line Our Compensation Committee determines all aspects of our executive compensation program and makes all compensation decisions affecting our NEOs. None of our NEOs are members of our Compensation Committee or otherwise had any role in determining the compensation of our other NEOs. Our Compensation Committee considered the recommendations of Mr. Sommer in setting compensation levels for NEOs besides himself. Elements of our Executive Compensation Program Base Salaries Each NEO is party to an employment agreement which provides a minimum base salary, subject to annual review by our Compensation Committee. Decisions regarding adjustments to base salaries are made at the discretion of our Compensation Committee, as all automatic base salary increases have been eliminated. Base salaries are used to attract and retain highly qualified executives. In reviewing base salary levels for our NEOs, our Compensation Committee considers the following factors: job responsibilities, leadership and experience, value to our Company, the recommendations of our President and Chief Executive Officer (other than with respect to his own base salary) and the base salaries of executives in comparable positions at our Peer Group (as defined below) companies. Adjustments to both Mr. Sommer s base salary and Mr. Herrera s base salary were made following a careful review of benchmarking of comparable roles to bring both executives closer to median base salaries for other similarly situated executives in the Peer Group due to their contributions to the Company s financial performance in 2024. NEO 2023 Base Salary 2024 Base Salary (1) Harry Sommer $ 1,000,822 (2) $ 1,150,000 Mark A. Kempa $ 900,000 $ 940,000 Patrik Dahlgren $ 900,000 (3) $ 920,000 Daniel S. Farkas $ 700,000 $ 717,500 David Herrera $ 681,250 (2) $ 850,273 (2) (1) Effective January 1, 2025, following a benchmarking review against our Peer Group, our Compensation Committee increased annual base salaries as follows: Mr. Sommer $1,300,000; Mr. Kempa $975,000; Mr. Dahlgren $975,000; Mr. Farkas $750,000 and Mr. Herrera $975,000. (2) Reflects blended rates. Prior to his promotion, Mr. Sommer s base salary was $900,000. Effective July 1, 2023, Mr. Sommer s base salary was increased to $1,100,000 in connection with his promotion. Prior to his promotion, Mr. Herrera s base salary was $475,000. Effective April 1, 2023, Mr. Herrera s base salary was increased to $750,000 in connection with his promotion. Effective January 1, 2024, Mr. Herrera s base salary was increased to $800,000 and effective July 1, 2024, Mr. Herrera s base salary was increased to $900,000. (3) Reflects annualized base salary. Mr. Dahlgren began employment on June 12, 2023. His pro-rated base salary for 2023 was $500,548. Annual Performance Incentives Each of our NEOs is eligible for an annual cash performance incentive based on the attainment of performance objectives for the fiscal year. Annual cash performance incentives ensure that a portion of our NEOs annual compensation is at risk, based on our performance against pre-established, objective targets. Our Compensation Committee uses annual cash performance incentives to motivate our NEOs to achieve our annual financial and strategic objectives and to attract and retain top executives. 38 / TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Target Annual Cash Performance Incentive Opportunities. Our Compensation Committee annually establishes each NEO s annual cash performance incentive opportunity by evaluating a variety of factors, including: (1) scope of responsibilities and position, (2) expertise and experience, (3) potential to achieve business objectives, (4) competitive compensation market data, including the bonus opportunities provided by our Peer Group, (5) ability to create shareholder value and (6) recommendations of our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sommer s minimum annual cash bonus opportunity was developed by our Compensation Committee in connection with his employment agreement; however, the opportunity and performance metrics are considered and determined by our Compensation Committee each year, as discussed below. Corporate Performance Measures. Each year, our Compensation Committee establishes the performance objectives for the annual cash performance incentives. The performance objectives are based on financial or strategic performance at the consolidated NCLH level as our Compensation Committee believes this structure most closely aligns the interests of our NEOs and our shareholders. The actual annual cash performance incentive earned by our NEOs is determined by our Compensation Committee based on the level of achievement of the pre-established corporate performance objectives. After the end of the year, our Compensation Committee reviews our actual performance against the target levels. Our Compensation Committee is required by our Plan terms to exercise its judgment whether to reflect or exclude the impact of extraordinary, unusual or infrequently occurring, or unforeseen events in determining the extent to which the performance measures are met. 2024 Annual Performance Incentive Metrics . For 2024, our NEOs were eligible to earn their annual performance incentives based on the achievement of three performance metrics that our Compensation Committee believed were crucial to our Company s success. Incremental payments would have been made for achievement between the specified targets in the Adjusted EBITDA table below and the maximum amount that could have been paid for outperformance was 200% of target. Our Compensation Committee chose Adjusted EBITDA as our most heavily weighted metric as our management team uses this non-GAAP metric to assess our operating performance. Importantly, the target amount for our Adjusted EBITDA metric of $2.2 billion marked a rigorous goal for 2024 as it represented an over 18% increase in our Adjusted EBITDA performance versus our 2023 Adjusted EBITDA of $1.86 billion. The strategic metric related to health and safety was selected as the health and safety of our guests and crew is paramount to our guests choosing us as their preferred vacation provider. Our sustainability metric was selected because our Compensation Committee continues to believe that our focus on our decarbonization journey will be important to our Company s ability to remain in compliance with current and proposed regulations. The payouts for our health and safety and sustainability metrics were capped at the target amount. 2024 Annual Performance Incentive Metrics January 1, 2024 - December 31, 2024 Performance Period 2025 Proxy Statement / 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table summarizes our Company s actual performance under each metric: 2024 Metric Category Threshold Metric Target Metric Maximum Metric Actual 2024 Performance % of Target (100% of Possible 200%) Payout Adjusted EBITDA $2.016 billion $2.200 billion $2.359 billion $2.534 billion (1) 0-80% Maximum (180)% Strategic Health Safety Goal Successfully clear all Passenger Ship Safety Certificate inspections, securing a full-term or short-term certificate for our fleet and our fleet average United States Public Health inspection score is 92 or above Our Compensation Committee determined we achieved both goals 0-10% Target (10)% Sustainability Metric Earned if by the end of 2024, 59% of our fleet had shore power installed Our Compensation Committee determined that over 59% of our fleet had shore power installed by the end of 2024 0-10% Target (10)% Total Payout: 200% (1) Amount shown reflects Adjusted EBITDA approved by our Compensation Committee, which includes additional adjustments provided for in the definition of Adjusted EBITDA for purposes of our annual cash performance incentives. See Terms Used in this Proxy Statement for the related definition. Adjusted EBITDA as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K is defined differently and was $2.451 billion for 2024. The following table summarizes the target amount and actual payout of our 2024 annual performance incentives for each NEO. Name Target Annual Performance Incentive Amount Actual Annual Performance Incentive Paid % of Target Paid Harry Sommer $2,300,000 (200% of base salary) $ 4,600,000 200% Mark A. Kempa $940,000 (100% of base salary) $ 1,880,000 200% Patrik Dahlgren $920,000 (100% of base salary) $ 1,840,000 200% Daniel S. Farkas $717,500 (100% of base salary) $ 1,435,000 200% David Herrera $1,250,273 (~147% of base salary) $ 2,100,546 200% Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation The following table summarizes the equity awards our Compensation Committee granted in 2024 and how they accomplish our compensation objectives. Our Compensation Committee did not award any cash retention awards during 2024, but some of our NEOs did receive payments of previously disclosed cash retention awards made in 2022. 40 / TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Components of Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation What It Is Why We Use It 2024 Weighting Regular-cycle PSUs (performance share units), granted March 2024 Opportunity to receive a specified number of shares based on achievement of performance objectives determined by our Compensation Committee. Includes an additional service requirement following the end of the performance period. Focuses our NEOs on the achievement of key performance objectives over a multi-year period. Serves as a retention incentive. 50% of total target equity award Regular-cycle RSUs (restricted share units), granted March 2024 Right to receive a specified number of shares at the time the award vests. Value fluctuates with the price of our ordinary shares. Vests in three equal installments in March 2025, 2026 and 2027. Aligns our NEOs interests with those of our shareholders. Serves as a retention incentive. 50% of total target equity award In determining the value granted to each NEO, our Compensation Committee considers each NEO s position, their expected contribution toward achieving our long-term objectives, a review of Peer Group compensation levels and recommendations of our President and Chief Executive Officer (other than with respect to his own compensation). Our Compensation Committee generally makes equity awards to our NEOs and other members of management once a year, but awards may be granted outside this annual grant cycle in connection with events such as hiring, promotion or extraordinary performance or other circumstances. 2024 NEO Equity Awards. Prior to the issuance of our NEOs 2024 equity award, our Compensation Committee Chairperson, Ms. Mary Landry, engaged with our top shareholders to solicit their thoughts on our compensation program, including the types of metrics we use for our long-term incentives. Our Compensation Committee also worked with their independent compensation consultant, Korn Ferry, to review our equity award practices and compare them with our Peers. Our Compensation Committee again believed that Adjusted EPS was an important metric to drive our Company forward. Half of the total potential value of our 2024 PSU awards are subject to an average Adjusted EPS growth metric from December 31, 2023 to December 31, 2026. Our shareholders also communicated that they valued Adjusted ROIC as a metric as it focused the management team on effectively deploying our capital. Our Compensation Committee valued that feedback and determined that the other half of the total potential value of our 2024 PSU awards would be subject to a metric based on Adjusted ROIC measured as of December 31, 2026. Pro-rata achievement between the threshold, target and max targets is possible. The metrics for our 2024 equity awards were approved in February 2024, prior to our May 2024 Investor Day where we set long-term targets for 2026. Because of this timing delay, the Adjusted ROIC metric included in the February 2024 equity awards was not completely aligned with these targets which were determined in May. Our Compensation Committee aligned our equity awards granted in February 2025 with our 2026 Charting the Course targets to reinforce the importance of achieving these targets to the management team. 2025 Proxy Statement / 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2024 Equity Awards On March 1, 2024, our NEOs received an annual award of RSUs and target award of PSUs worth the following amounts as of the date of the award: Name Target PSU Value RSU Value Harry Sommer $ 3,000,000 $ 3,000,000 Mark Kempa $ 1,060,000 $ 1,060,000 Patrik Dahlgren $ 1,030,000 $ 1,030,000 Daniel S. Farkas $ 1,025,000 $ 1,025,000 David Herrera $ 835,000 $ 835,000 The actual number of shares awarded to these NEOs was determined by dividing the target grant value by our closing share price on the date of grant. In each case above, the RSU awards vest in three equal installments on March 1, 2025, 2026 and 2027. Prior Year PSU Payout Results . Pursuant to the terms of the March 1, 2022 award agreements with Mr. Sommer, Mr. Kempa and Mr. Farkas, the target metric for the March 2022 PSUs required our Company to maintain all rules of the Classification Society and flag state for all vessels in our fleet and all certificates for all vessels in our fleet to assure each vessel s ability to return to service or continue service, as applicable, through December 31, 2024. Mr. Sommer, Mr. Kempa and Mr. Farkas could earn an additional 100% of the target PSU shares if our Company obtained financing for at least 50% of any increase in the original contract price of Seven Seas Grandeur and Norwegian Aqua. A half weighting was applied to the financing for each ship. Our Compensation Committee determined our Company s performance through December 31, 2024 and determined that Mr. Sommer, Mr. Kempa and Mr. Farkas had earned the maximum number of shares pursuant to the PSUs award agreements. 2025 NEO Equity Awards. In connection with requests from our shareholders during our engagement calls, our Compensation Committee determined it was appropriate to revisit the metrics used for our PSUs in advance of the 2025 annual equity awards. Based on requests from our shareholders, our Compensation Committee selected metrics for our short- and long-term incentives that closely tracked the metrics in our 2026 Charting the Course targets. See Terms Used in this Proxy Statement for definitions of Adjusted EPS, A