=== NCLH_2026-03-02.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report, including the risk factor titled We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental, health and safety, labor, data privacy and protection and maritime laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our operations and certain recently introduced laws and regulations and future changes in laws and regulations could lead to increased costs and/or decreased revenue. Taxation U.S. Income Taxation The following discussion is based upon current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. Changes in these authorities may cause the tax consequences to vary substantially from the consequences described below. Exemption of International Shipping Income under Section 883 of the Code Under Section 883 of the Code ( Section 883 ) and the related regulations, a foreign corporation will be exempt from U.S. federal income taxation on its U.S.-source income derived from the international operation of ships ( shipping income ) if: (a) it is organized in a qualified foreign country, which is one that grants an equivalent exemption from tax to corporations organized in the U.S. in respect of each category of shipping income for which exemption is being claimed under Section 883; and (b) either: (1) more than 50% of the value of its stock is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by qualified shareholders, which includes individuals who are residents of a qualified foreign country; (2) one or more classes of its stock representing, in the aggregate, more than 50% of the combined voting power and value of all classes of its stock are primarily and regularly traded on one or more established securities markets in a qualified foreign country or in the U.S. (the publicly-traded test ); or (3) it is a controlled foreign corporation (a CFC ) for more than half of the taxable year and more than 50% of its stock is owned by qualified U.S. persons for more than half of the taxable year (the CFC test ). In addition, U.S. Treasury Regulations require a foreign corporation and certain of its direct and indirect shareholders to satisfy detailed substantiation and reporting requirements. 19 Table of Contents NCLH is incorporated in Bermuda, which is a qualified foreign country that grants an equivalent exemption, and NCLH meets the publicly-traded test because its ordinary shares were primarily and regularly traded on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ). The NYSE is considered to be an established securities market in the United States. Therefore, we believe that NCLH qualifies for the benefits of Section 883. We believe and have taken the position that substantially all of NCLH s income, including the income of its ship-owning subsidiaries, is properly categorized as shipping income and that we do not have a material amount of non-qualifying income. It is possible, however, that the IRS s interpretation of shipping income could differ from ours and that a much larger percentage of our income does not qualify (or will not qualify) as shipping income. Moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years in which we will satisfy complex tests under Section 883. There are factual circumstances beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of NCLH s ordinary shares, which could cause NCLH or its subsidiaries to lose the benefit of the exemption under Section 883. Further, any changes in our operations could significantly increase our exposure to taxation on shipping income, and we can give no assurances on this matter. Under certain circumstances, changes in the identity, residence or holdings of NCLH s direct or indirect shareholders could cause NCLH s ordinary shares not to be regularly traded on an established securities market within the meaning of the regulations under Section 883. Therefore, as a precautionary matter, NCLH has provided protections in its bye-laws to reduce the risk of such changes impacting our ability to meet the publicly-traded test by prohibiting any person from owning, directly, indirectly or constructively, more than 4.9% of NCLH s ordinary shares unless such ownership is approved by NCLH s Board of Directors (the 4.9% limit ). Any outstanding shares held in excess of the 4.9% limit will be transferred to and held in a trust. For 2025, 2024 and 2023, both Regent and Oceania Cruises relied on NCLH s ability to meet the requirements necessary to qualify for the benefits of Section 883 as discussed above. Taxation of International Shipping Income Where Section 883 of the Code is Inapplicable Unless exempt from U.S. federal income taxation, a foreign corporation is subject to U.S. federal income tax in respect of its shipping income that is derived from sources within the United States. If we fail to qualify for the exemption under Section 883 in respect of our U.S.-sourced shipping income, or if the provision was repealed, then we will be subject to taxation in the U.S. on such income. Generally, shipping income is any income that is derived from the use of vessels, from the hiring or leasing of vessels for use on a time, voyage or bareboat charter basis or from the performance of services directly related to those uses. For these purposes, shipping income attributable to transportation that begins or ends, but that does not both begin and end, in the United States, which we refer to as U.S.-source shipping income, will be considered to be 50% derived from sources within the United States. If we do not qualify for exemption under Section 883, or if the provision was repealed, then any U.S.-sourced shipping income or any other income that is considered to be effectively connected income would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income taxation on a net basis (generally at a 21% rate) and state and local taxes, and our effectively connected earnings and profits may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax and branch-level interest tax of 30%, unless a lower treaty rate applies (the Net Tax Regime ). Our U.S.-source shipping income is considered effectively connected income if we have, or are considered to have, a fixed place of business in the U.S. involved in the earning of U.S.-source shipping income, and substantially all of our U.S.-source shipping income is attributable to regularly scheduled transportation, such as the operation of a vessel that follows a published schedule with repeated sailings at regular intervals between the same points for voyages that begin or end in the U.S. If we do not have a fixed place of business in the U.S. or substantially all of our income is not derived from regularly scheduled transportation, the income will generally not be considered to be effectively connected income. In that case, we would be subject to a special 4% tax on our gross U.S.-source shipping income (the 4% Tax Regime ). 20 Table of Contents Other United States Taxation U.S. Treasury Regulations list several items of income which are not considered to be incidental to the international operation of ships and, to the extent derived from U.S. sources, are subject to U.S. federal income taxes under the Net Tax Regime discussed above. Income items considered non-incidental to the international operation of ships include income from the sale of single-day cruises, shore excursions, air and other transportation, and pre- and post-cruise land packages. We believe that substantially all of our income currently derived from the international operation of ships is shipping income. Income from U.S.-flagged Operations Income derived from our U.S.-flagged operation generally will be subject to U.S. corporate income taxes both at the federal and state levels. In addition, any dividends paid by our U.S.-flagged operations to NCLC would be considered subject to a dividend withholding tax of 30%. Bermuda Income Taxation Previously, NCLH, NCLC and their Bermuda subsidiaries obtained an assurance from the Minister of Finance of Bermuda under the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act 1966 that, in the event that any legislation was enacted in Bermuda imposing any tax, including tax on profits or income among others, such tax would not be applicable to them until March 31, 2035. Such assurances were superseded by the passage of new legislation as described below. On December 27, 2023, the Corporate Income Tax Act 2023 ( the Bermuda Act ) was enacted in Bermuda. Under the Bermuda Act, the corporate income tax will be determined based on a statutory tax rate of 15% effective for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2025. The corporate income tax will apply only to Bermuda tax resident businesses that are part of multinational enterprise groups with 750 million or more in annual revenues in at least two of the four fiscal years immediately preceding the year in question. Although the Government of Bermuda has released limited guidance with respect to specific provisions of the Bermuda Act, as well as regulatory guidance, it is anticipated that further administrative guidance as well as regulatory guidance will be released over the course of the 2026 calendar year and beyond. As enacted, the Bermuda Act makes it clear that any corporate income tax liability is due regardless of the above assurances under the Exempted Undertakings Protection Act 1966. Therefore, NCLH, NCLC and their Bermuda subsidiaries became subject to the Bermuda corporate income tax effective as of January 1, 2025. The Bermuda Act provides for an international shipping income exclusion. In order for a Bermuda entity s international shipping income to qualify for the exclusion, the entity must demonstrate that the strategic or commercial management of all ships concerned is effectively carried on from or within Bermuda. NCLH believes it met the necessary requirements to qualify for the international shipping income exclusion during 2025. Additionally, the Bermuda Act provides for companies to be able to offset 80% of their Bermuda taxable income with any tax loss deductions available on an annual basis. The Bermuda Act provides for opening tax loss carryforwards based on the Bermuda taxable income (loss) results of the individual Bermuda entities in the five fiscal years prior to the enactment date, which includes the 2020 through 2024 calendar years for Norwegian. These tax loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. Refer to Note 12 Income Taxes for more information. U.K. Income Taxation Some of our subsidiaries which are incorporated in the U.K. are subject to normal U.K. corporation tax. Certain State, Local and Non-U.S. Tax Matters We may be subject to state, local and non-U.S. income or non-income taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. We may be required to file tax returns in some or all of those 21 Table of Contents jurisdictions. Our state, local or non-U.S. tax treatment may not conform to the U.S. federal income tax treatment discussed above. We may be required to pay non-U.S. taxes on dispositions of foreign property, or operations involving foreign property may give rise to non-U.S. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial. Changes in Tax Laws The various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. These tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. Legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from U.S. federal income tax under Section 883 and subject all or a portion of our shipping income to taxation in the U.S. Moreover, we may become subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded by current or future law. For example, the OECD and numerous jurisdictions have had an increased focus on issues concerning the taxation of multinational businesses and have adopted several related reforms including the implementation of a global minimum tax rate of at least 15% for large multinational businesses that was effective January 1, 2024 or later, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of these developments in global tax reform, during the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company realigned its organizational structure in Bermuda due to the inclusion of the international shipping income exclusion in the Bermuda Act, which we believe provides an ability for the Company to exempt a significant amount of its income from Bermuda income tax. We expect global tax reform will continue to evolve over the coming years, and we will continue to monitor any new developments and assess impacts to the Company. Human Capital Our people are the driving force of our past, current and future success. We aim to empower our team members worldwide, providing them opportunities to grow and develop, and comprehensive benefits that support them to thrive both physically and mentally. We believe this commitment to empower people allows us to attract and retain top talent, while simultaneously providing robust career development opportunities that ultimately result in significant value to our Company. We have implemented comprehensive crew wellness programs to promote a healthy work-life balance for our team members. These initiatives are designed to support our crew in maintaining their well-being, ensuring they remain engaged and motivated. By prioritizing crew wellness, we empower our staff to consistently deliver exceptional customer service, reflecting our ongoing commitment to both our employees and our customers. Best-in-class guest service levels are paramount in the markets in which we operate, where travelers have discerning tastes and high expectations for quality service. We have dedicated resources to ensure that our service offerings on all of our ships meet the demands of our guests. Among other initiatives, we have implemented rigorous onboard training programs, with a focus on career development. We believe that our dedication to anticipating and meeting our guests every need differentiates our operations and fosters close relationships between our guests and crew, helping to build customer loyalty. Our captains and chief engineers are experienced seafarers. Our bridge and technical officers regularly undergo operations training such as leadership, navigation, stability, statutory and environmental regulatory compliance. To support our deck and engine officers while at sea, we have bridge and engine protocols and support documentation in place, dictating specific standard operating procedures. Our bridge teams conduct a voyage planning process prior to sailing, where the upcoming itinerary is reviewed and discussed by the captain and bridge team prior to departure and in preparation for arrival. In addition, all of our ships employ state-of-the-art navigational equipment and technology to provide our bridge teams with accurate data regarding the planned itinerary. Team Members As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 5,300 full-time employees worldwide in our shoreside operations and approximately 39,200 shipboard employees. Regent s and Oceania Cruises ships use a third party to provide additional hotel and restaurant staffing onboard. We refer you to Item 1A Risk Factors Our failure or 22 Table of Contents inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel or employee relations issues may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations for more information regarding our relationships with union employees and our collective bargaining agreements that are currently in place. Compensation and Benefits Critical to our success is identifying, recruiting and retaining top talent and incentivizing existing and future team members. We attract and retain talented team members by offering competitive compensation and benefits. Our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy for our shoreside team is based on rewarding each team member s individual contributions. We use a combination of fixed and variable pay components, including base salary, bonus, equity, commissions and merit increases. We maintain a long-term incentive plan for our manager-level team members and above that allows us to provide share-based compensation to enhance our pay-for-performance culture and to support our attraction, retention and motivational goals. We have established an $18 per hour minimum wage for our non-commission U.S.-based shoreside employees. We also issued an appreciation bonus of up to 10 days of pay to non-management employees not eligible under other bonus or incentive programs. The Company also consistently reviews salary levels in order to remain competitive in recruiting and retaining talent for shoreside and shipboard employees. We believe our compensation programs for our shipboard team are competitive and for the majority of this team, and these compensation programs have been negotiated with various unions and documented in collective bargaining agreements. The success of our Company is connected to the well-being of our team members, such that we offer a competitive benefits package including physical, financial and emotional well-being benefits. We offer our full-time U.S. shoreside team members a choice of Company-subsidized medical and dental programs to meet their needs and those of their families. In addition, we offer health savings and flexible spending accounts, vision cover, paid time off, employee assistance programs, short term disability and voluntary long-term disability insurance, term life and business travel insurance. We offer a 401(k) retirement savings plan and education assistance benefits. In 2025, following feedback from employees, we announced a further increase to our 401(k) company match for 2026. Our benefits vary by location and are designed to meet or exceed local requirements and to be competitive in the marketplace. As we strive to be an employer of choice, the Company continues with a 4/1 flexible work model for shoreside team members globally. The flexible model allows most employees to work in-office Monday through Thursday and remotely on Friday. We proudly offer Family Care Benefits to our eligible shoreside employees that includes paid leave at 100% of an employee s salary for maternity, paternity, and adoption leaves. Family planning assistance for fertility and surrogacy services and adoption support are also offered. As part of NCLH s Family Care Benefits, a maternity return to work transition program is available to provide a smooth transition to the office following the medical leave. We also offer free women s menopause support benefit to our team members. In addition, we provide an onsite clinic at our corporate headquarters to make healthcare more accessible and convenient for our team members, offering a range of services from physical exams, immunizations, basic diagnostic testing, and low-cost prescription medication. Onsite mobile clinics providing preventative screenings, such as mammography, dermatology, dental, and vision care, are offered at our corporate headquarters throughout the year. The Company continues to offer a robust team member Norwegian cruise benefit to our full time shoreside team members which offers 95% off one cruise per year, along with substantial discounts for additional cruises. Our cruise benefit programs were further enhanced for team member s friends and family across our brands. We continue to offer the NCLH Wellness at Sea program to all shipboard team members, creating a wellness-conscious work environment on the vessels. We are committed to providing crew members with guidelines, resources, and activities for educational purposes and to guide them to achieve optimal wellness. Topics in this initiative include, for example, nutrition, physical activity, sleep and stress management and alcohol and tobacco awareness. Training and Development The opportunity to grow and develop skills and experience, regardless of job role, division or geographic location, is critical to the success of the Company as a global organization. We actively foster a culture of learning and offer a variety of developmental courses for our team members. We provide a mentorship program in which even our most senior leaders actively participate. Succession planning is part of our culture. We have a year-round focus on providing 23 Table of Contents team members with opportunities to develop their leadership skills and add to our bench of talent through various training initiatives. Succession planning and talent review programs allow us to continuously calibrate and evaluate high potential talent, offering talent rotations and investing in development for long-term success. Established in 2021, Rising Stars remains a key development program to identify high potential shoreside leaders at the Director and Senior Director level. The 6-month program is conducted with a human resources strategy firm and is focused on developing a growth mindset to refine leadership strengths, champion change and encourage innovation through assessment tools, one-on-one coaching and group learning. We have had successful rates of promotion and retention of Rising Stars graduates. As part of our learning and development programs, all shoreside team members are offered access to premiere online learning for a wide range of personal development courses at their own pace. In 2025, we launched our People Manager Learning Voyage for our shoreside managers and senior managers to equip people managers with the skills, tools, and mindset to lead high-performing teams and foster a culture of excellence. Shipboard team members have the opportunity to learn the skills and responsibilities of another position in a different department, either to increase their effectiveness in the Company, or to give them the opportunity to shift their career path. Retention and Engagement We have a history of strong retention rates across our shoreside and shipboard teams, which we attribute to our culture that allows our team members to thrive and achieve their career goals. Consistent with recent years, the Company continues to experience a high shoreside voluntary retention rate. In 2025, we offered two team member-only sailings during Norwegian Aqua s inaugural season to provide team members the opportunity to sail and experience our product offerings. In December 2025, with limited capacity, a similar opportunity was held aboard Oceania Cruises Allura. Exceptional team members continue to be recognized by a robust annual Award of Excellence recognition program, which acknowledges and rewards individual team members and teams for their demonstration of Company values. The 2025 Award of Excellence winners were celebrated by the NCLH President CEO and senior leadership team onboard Oceania Allura. We have also continued the Kloster Visionary Award, which honors the Company s founder, Knut Kloster, by recognizing a shipboard or shoreside team member, in addition to an honorary team, whose spirit of innovation follows in the footsteps of this visionary. Through the shipboard service delivery recognition programs across all brands, shipboard supervisors and management recognize select shipboard team members that have proven to be outstanding in selected categories. These award programs are designed to provide recognition and promote total guest satisfaction by encouraging and rewarding team members for demonstrating excellence in service, teamwork, attitude, and leadership. Island Destinations and Port Facilities We strive to provide our guests with destination experiences to meet every taste from Sun and Fun to those that are more culturally unique to a particular port. As such, we continue to invest in our private islands, as well as other ports around the world. Our Bahamas private island, Great Stirrup Cay, is currently undergoing construction, having recently completed one side of a two-berth pier, as well as a resort style pool and the Vibe Shore Club. We expect that the Great Tides Waterpark and the pier s second berth will be completed in summer 2026. We also operate Harvest Caye, our private destination in Belize, which offers kayaking, snorkeling, zip-lining, and excursions to nearby Mayan ruins. We also collaborate with local, private, and government entities to secure long-term port usage agreements. We have recently signed an extension with PortMiami, which secures our space until 2063, as well as an arrangement which brings cruising back to Philadelphia beginning in April 2026. 24 Table of Contents Available Information We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We also maintain an Internet site at https://www.nclhltd.com . We will, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, if applicable, make available such reports free of charge on our website. Our website also contains other items of interest to our investors, including, but not limited to, investor events, press and earnings releases and sustainability initiatives. Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information regarding NCLH s executive officers as of February 17, 2026. Name Age Position John W. Chidsey 63 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark A. Kempa 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Marc Kazlauskas 55 President, Norwegian brand Jason M. Montague 52 Chief Luxury Officer, Oceania Cruises and Regent brands Patrik Dahlgren 49 Executive Vice President, Chief Vessel Operations and Newbuild Officer Daniel S. Farkas 57 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Development Officer and Secretary Faye L. Ashby 54 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer All the executive officers listed above hold their offices at the pleasure of our Board of Directors, subject to rights under any applicable employment agreements. There are no family relationships between or among any directors and executive officers. John W. Chidsey has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since February 2026 and has been a director of the Company since February 2025, having previously served as a director from April 2013 to January 2022. Mr. Chidsey previously served as CEO of Subway Restaurants from November 2019 December 2024. Prior to Subway, Mr. Chidsey held the following roles at Burger King Holdings, Inc.: Chief Executive Officer from April 2006 October 2010, President and Chief Financial Officer from September 2005 April 2006, President, North America from June 2004 September 2005 and Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative and Financial Officer from March 2004 June 2004. From 1996 2003, Mr. Chidsey held key leadership positions at Cendant Corporation, where he served as Chairman and CEO of two major divisions. He led the Vehicle Services Division, overseeing brands such as Avis Rent A Car, Budget Rent A Car Systems, PHH, and Wright Express, as well as the Financial Services Division, which included Jackson Hewitt. Earlier in his career, Mr. Chidsey held various senior financial leadership roles at PepsiCo beginning in 1992. Mr. Chidsey has served on the board of HCA Healthcare, Inc. (NYSE: HCA) since July 2025 and previously served on the boards of Encompass Health Corporation (NYSE: EHC), Burger King Holdings (as Chairman), and Brinker International (NYSE: EAT). Mr. Chidsey holds an MBA in Finance and Accounting and a J.D. from Emory University, as well as a B.A. from Davidson College. Mark A. Kempa has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2018. Prior to that, he served as Interim Chief Financial Officer from March 2018 to August 2018 and as NCLH s Senior Vice President, Finance, from November 2014 to August 2018. From September 2008 to November 2014, he served as Vice President, Corporate and Capital Planning and was an instrumental figure in the completion of NCLH s initial public offering in 2013 and the acquisition of PCI in 2014. From January 2007 to August 2008, he served as Director, Corporate and Capital Planning. From January 2003 to December 2006, he served as Director, Newbuild Cost and Control. In this role, he spent almost three years representing the financial interests of the Company s expansive newbuild program while positioned overseas in Germany. From May 1998 to December 2002, he served in various roles in accounting and internal audit. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kempa served as the Assistant Controller for International Voyager Media, a travel portfolio company. Mr. Kempa holds a Bachelor s degree in Accounting from Barry University. 25 Table of Contents Marc Kazlauskas has been the President of Norwegian Cruise Line since January 2026. He has over 30 years of leadership in the premium and luxury sectors of the travel and tourism industry. From August 2025 through December 2025, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Avoya Travel, a vacation platform company, as well as on the Board Directors of Avoya MIP LLC during that time. Prior to his role with Avoya Travel, he was Managing Director at Chase Travel Group, a JPMorgan Chase Co. company from May 2022 through August 2025; President of FROSCH, a global travel management company, from May 2022 to August 2025 and President, U.S. Branch Operations Leisure Division of FROSCH from January 2014 to May 2022. He oversaw the sale of FROSCH to JPMorgan Chase Co. in 2022. Prior to that, he served as President of Insight Vacations, a guided tour company, from April 2002 to January 2014. Prior to that, he was Managing Director of Worldwide Sales at Tauck World Discovery, an operator of guided tours and cruises, from September 1998 to April 2002. Prior to that, he was the Vice President of Sales at Orient Cruise Line, a former division of Norwegian Cruise Line, from May 1997 to September 1998. Jason M. Montague has served as the Chief Luxury Officer of NCLH, overseeing the Oceania Cruises and Regent brands, since February 17, 2025. He was a Special Advisor to the Company from January 2023 until February 2025. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Regent brand from September 2016 through December 2022. In this role, he was responsible for financial and day-to-day operations of the Regent brand. Previously, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer for the Oceania Cruises and Regent brands from December 2014 until September 2016, where he successfully oversaw the launch of Sirena for the Oceania Cruises brand and the Seven Seas Explorer for the Regent brand. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Integration Officer for NCLH during the acquisition of PCI. Before the acquisition by NCLH, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President for PCI, from September 2010 until November 2014. During his 12-year tenure at PCI, Mr. Montague helped build the business plan for the launch of Oceania Cruises in 2002, including oversight for the purchase of its initial three R-class vessels, was involved with the equity investment by Apollo Global Management, LLC and acquisition of Regent Seven Seas Cruises, and drove financing and the delivery of Oceania Cruises newbuilds, Marina and Riviera. Mr. Montague served as Oceania Cruises Vice President and Treasurer from 2004 to 2007 and Senior Vice President of Finance from 2008 to 2010. Prior to joining Oceania Cruises, Mr. Montague operated a successful consulting practice focused on strategic planning and development of small to medium-sized companies. Previously, he held the position of Vice President, Finance for Alton Entertainment Corporation, a brand equity marketer that was majority owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies. Mr. Montague holds a B.B.A. in Accounting from the University of Miami. Patrik Dahlgren has served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Vessel Operations and Newbuild Officer for NCLH since August 2024 and as Executive Vice President, Vessel Operations since June 2023. Prior to that, he held the following positions at Royal Caribbean Group: Senior Vice President, Global Marine Operations from May 2017 to June 2022, Vice President of Technical Operations from August 2013 to May 2017, Director of Newbuild and Innovation from June 2011 to August 2013 and Master, Captain of cruise ships from 1999 to June 2011. Mr. Dahlgren has a B.S. in Nautical Science, Master Mariner from Linnaeus University. Daniel S. Farkas has served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of NCLH since January 2019 and became Chief Development Officer of NCLH in April 2023. He has served as Secretary for the Company since March 2024 and as Assistant Secretary of the Company from 2013 until March 2024. Since Mr. Farkas joined the Company in January 2004, he has held the positions of Secretary from 2010 to 2013, Senior Vice President and General Counsel from 2008 through 2018, Vice President and Assistant General Counsel from 2005 to 2008, and Assistant General Counsel from 2004 to 2005 and was instrumental in NCLH s initial public offering and the acquisition of PCI. Mr. Farkas was formerly a partner in the Miami offices of the law firm Mase and Gassenheimer specializing in maritime litigation. Before that, he was an Assistant State Attorney for the Eleventh Judicial Circuit in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida. Mr. Farkas currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors of the Cruise Industry Charitable Foundation and on the board of directors of the Steamship Mutual Underwriting Association Limited. Mr. Farkas earned a B.A., cum laude, in English and American Literature from Brandeis University and a J.D. from the University of Miami. Faye L. Ashby has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of NCLH since February 2016. She joined NCLH as Controller in November 2014 after the acquisition of PCI and served in that position until February 2016. From January 2012 to November 2014, Ms. Ashby served as Controller for PCI, where she managed and 26 Table of Contents developed the Accounting and External Financial Reporting teams. From March 2010 to December 2011, Ms. Ashby held the position of Senior Director of Financial Reporting with PCI, where she started the Financial Reporting Department and was responsible for the preparation of annual financial statements, coordination of external audits and researching technical accounting issues. Before joining PCI, Ms. Ashby was a Senior Manager at the international public accounting firm, Deloitte. She has an M.B.A. and B.B.A. with concentrations in accounting from the University of Miami and is a Certified Public Accountant in Florida. 27 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating our business. If any of the risks discussed or additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The ordering of the risk factors below is not intended to reflect an indication of priority or likelihood. In connection with the forward-looking statements that appear in this Annual Report, you should also carefully review the cautionary statement referred to under Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward Looking Statements. Debt/Liquidity Related Risk Factors If our results of operations and financial performance do not perform as planned, we may not be in compliance with maintenance covenants in certain of our debt facilities. Certain of our debt facilities include maintenance and financial covenants. For example, under the Seventh ARCA, we are required to maintain a loan to value ratio of less than 0.70 to 1.00. Financial covenants include free liquidity of no less than $250,000,000 at all times, an EBITDA to consolidated debt service ratio of at least 1.25 to 1.00 at the end of each fiscal quarter unless free liquidity is greater than or equal to $300,000,000 at that time and a total net funded debt to total capitalization ratio. If we expect not to be in compliance, we would expect to seek waivers from the lenders under these facilities or renegotiate these facilities prior to any covenant violation. Any covenant waiver or renegotiation of any of our debt facilities has led, and may in the future lead, to increased costs, increased interest rates, additional restrictive covenants and other available lender protections that would be applicable to us under these debt facilities, and such increased costs, restrictions and modifications may vary among debt facilities. Our ability to provide additional lender protections under these facilities will be limited by the restrictions in our indebtedness. There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain waivers or renegotiate these facilities in a timely manner, on acceptable terms or at all. If we were not able to obtain a covenant waiver under any one or more of these debt facilities or renegotiate or repay such facilities, we would be in default of such agreements, which could result in cross defaults to our other debt agreements and an acceleration of the indebtedness under such debt facilities. As a consequence, we would need to refinance or repay the applicable debt facility or facilities and would be required to raise additional debt or equity capital, or divest assets, to refinance or repay such facility or facilities, and there can be no assurance that we would be successful in doing so. In addition, in such events, our credit card processors could hold back payments to create a reserve. We cannot provide assurances that we would have sufficient liquidity to repay, or the ability to refinance, our debt and derivative contract payables if such amounts were accelerated upon an event of default. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the holders of our secured indebtedness could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which includes a significant portion of our assets, including our ships. Any such action would have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result, the failure to obtain the covenant waivers or renegotiate or repay our facilities as described above would have a material adverse effect on us and our ability to service our debt obligations. We anticipate that we will need additional financing in the future, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, and our outstanding exchangeable notes and any future financing may be dilutive to existing shareholders. We anticipate that we will need additional equity and/or debt financing in the future to refinance our existing debt and to fund our newbuild program. We may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, or at all, depending on market and other conditions. The ability to raise additional financing depends on numerous factors that are outside of our control, including general economic and market conditions, the health of financial institutions, our credit ratings and investors and lenders assessments of our prospects and the prospects of the cruise industry in general. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to limitations on our operations due to restrictive covenants, which may be more restrictive than the covenants in our existing debt agreements, and we may be required to 28 Table of Contents further encumber our assets. We may not have sufficient available collateral to pledge to support additional financing. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to fund our operations or respond to competitive pressures, which could negatively affect our business. Our credit ratings, which have been downgraded in the past, could be downgraded again in the future, which could have an impact on the availability and/or cost of financing. In addition, we may conclude that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to operate as a going concern, which could have additional effects on our credit ratings and the availability and/or cost of financing. There can be no assurance that our ability to access the credit and/or capital markets will not be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy. If we are not able to fulfill our liquidity needs through operating cash flows and/or borrowings under credit facilities or otherwise in the capital markets, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected, and it may be necessary for us to reorganize our Company in its entirety, including through bankruptcy proceedings, and our shareholders may lose their investment in our ordinary shares. If we raise additional funds through equity and/or debt issuances, NCLH s shareholders could experience dilution of their ownership interest, and these securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges that are superior to that of holders of NCLH s ordinary shares. Further, the exchange of some or all of our outstanding exchangeable notes may dilute the ownership interests of NCLH s shareholders. Upon exchange of any of the exchangeable notes, any sales in the public market of NCLH s ordinary shares issuable upon such exchange could adversely affect prevailing market prices of NCLH s ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the exchangeable notes may encourage short selling by market participants that engage in hedging or arbitrage activity, and anticipated exchange of any of the exchangeable notes into NCLH ordinary shares could depress the price of NCLH s ordinary shares. Our indebtedness, and the agreements governing our indebtedness, may limit our flexibility in operating our business and a substantial majority of our assets are collateral under our debt agreements. A substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is dedicated to the repayment of our indebtedness, which may limit our available funds for other business functions and strategic opportunities and may make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, the economy and the industry in which we operate. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness, and we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, including refinancing our indebtedness, which may not be successful. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, the agreements governing our indebtedness contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours may contain, covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preference shares; pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our share capital or make other restricted payments, including the ability of NCLH s subsidiaries, including NCLC, to pay dividends or make distributions to NCLH; repurchase or redeem capital stock or subordinated indebtedness; make certain investments or acquisitions; transfer, sell or create liens on certain assets; and consolidate or merge with, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to other companies. As a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. The impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees. Economic downturns, including failures of financial institutions and any related liquidity crisis, can disrupt the capital and credit markets. Such disruptions could cause counterparties under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees to be unable to perform their obligations or to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them, which could include failures of financial institutions to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements and to pay us amounts that may become due under our derivative contracts and other agreements. Also, we may be limited in obtaining funds to pay amounts due to our counterparties under our derivative contracts and to pay amounts that may become due under other agreements. If we were to elect to replace any counterparty for their failure to perform their obligations under such instruments, we would likely incur 29 Table of Contents significant costs to replace the counterparty. Any failure to replace any counterparties under these circumstances may result in additional costs to us or an ineffective instrument. Any potential impairment of our trade names or goodwill could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We evaluate trade names and goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. Several factors including a challenging operating environment impacting consumer demand or spending, the deterioration of general macroeconomic conditions, or other factors could result in a change to the future cash flows we expect to derive from our operations. Reductions of the cash flows used in the impairment analyses may result in the recording of an impairment charge to a reporting unit s trade name or goodwill. For example, we recognized significant impairment losses during 2020 related to a pandemic. We believe that we have made reasonable estimates and judgments. However, a change in our estimated future operating cash flows may result in a decline in fair value in future periods, which may result in a need to recognize additional impairment charges. Operational Related Risk Factors Unavailability of ports of call may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe that attractive port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. The availability of ports is affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, health, safety, and environmental concerns, existing capacity constraints, security, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, financial limitations on port development, political instability, armed conflicts, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, governmental regulations, including sanctions and fees, and local community concerns about port development and tourism. For example, currently and in the past, regulatory changes, global pandemics, armed conflicts and damages to ports from hurricanes have prohibited our cruise voyages from visiting certain regions. Certain ports have also significantly increased fees related to cruise visits, affecting the profitability of visiting those destinations. There can be no assurance that our ports of call will not be similarly affected in the future. Due to environmental and over-crowding concerns, some local governments have begun to take measures to limit the number of cruise ships and passengers allowed at certain destinations. Limitations on the availability of ports of call or on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports have adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations in the past and could do so in the future. We rely on scheduled commercial airline services for passenger and crew connections. Increases in the price of, or major changes, significant delays and disruptions, or reductions in, commercial airline services has, and could in the future, disrupt our operations. Many of our passengers and crew depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to ports of embarkation for our cruises. Increases in the price of airfare due to increases in fuel prices, fuel surcharges, changes in commercial airline services as a result of health and safety events, strikes, airspace congestion or air traffic control and other airline- or airport-related staffing shortages, weather or other events, or the lack of availability due to schedule changes or increased airline bookings, have and could adversely affect our ability to transport guests and crew and thereby increase our cruise operating expenses which, in turn, have had and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example, many commercial airlines reduced services, experienced staffing shortages and suffered other disruptions due to a pandemic and other macroeconomic conditions. Pandemic-related regulations also prevented us from using commercial airline services to transport our crew members to and from our ships, which resulted in increased costs to our Company. Global events and conditions, including terrorist acts, geopolitical conflict, armed conflicts, acts of piracy, and other international events impacting the security of travel or the global economy, or threats thereof, could adversely affect our business. 30 Table of Contents Global events and conditions, including the threat or possibility of future terrorist acts, geopolitical conflict, outbreaks of hostilities or armed conflict, political unrest and instability, government shutdowns, the issuance of government travel advisories or elevated threat warnings, increases in the activity of pirates, and other geo-political uncertainties, or the possibility or fear of such events, have had in the past and may again in the future have an adverse impact on our business. Any of these events or conditions may adversely affect demand for, and pricing of, our cruises. Such events or conditions may also have downstream effects on the global economic environment, including increased fuel and commodity pricing, supply chain shortages, labor shortages, volatility in the global capital markets, contraction of the global economy leading to decreased consumer discretionary spending, and other effects impossible to predict at this time. Armed conflicts have also impacted, and could in the future impact, our profitability and product offering by limiting the destinations to which we can travel and our operations by making it more difficult to source crew members, guests and third-party vendors from affected regions and making it more difficult or costly to source goods we need to run our operations or to build or maintain our ships. Further, armed conflicts have contributed to extreme volatility in the global financial markets and have had, and may continue to have, further global economic consequences, including disruptions of the global supply chain and energy markets and heightened volatility of commodity fuel prices. Such volatility or disruptions have had, and may continue to have, adverse consequences to our business, our suppliers and our customers. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, including as a result of political unrest or war, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, more costly or more dilutive. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or commodity fuel prices resulting from armed conflicts and other geopolitical tensions. Additionally, we have been, and may continue to be, impacted by heightened regulations around customs and border control, travel bans to and from certain geographical areas, voluntary changes to our itineraries in light of geopolitical events, government policies increasing the difficulty of travel and limitations on issuing international travel visas. Public health crises have had, and may in the future have, a significant impact on our financial condition, results, operations, outlook, plans, goals, growth, reputation, cash flows, liquidity, demand for voyages and share price. Public health crises have in the past, and could have in the future, significant negative impacts on all aspects of our business. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to heightened governmental regulations, travel advisories, travel bans and restrictions that have and could significantly impact our global guest sourcing and our access to various ports of call around the globe. We have had instances of disease outbreaks on our ships, and there is no guarantee that the health and safety protocols we implement will be successful in preventing the spread of infectious disease onboard our ships and among our passengers and crew. We have been and may in the future be the subject of lawsuits and investigations stemming from outbreaks of infectious disease. We cannot predict the number or outcome of any such proceedings and the impact that they will have on our financial results, but any such impact may be material. Epidemics, pandemics and viral outbreaks or other wide-ranging public health crises in the future would likely also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, in March 2020, we implemented a voluntary suspension of all cruise voyages across our three brands due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This caused significant costs and lost revenue as a result of, among other things, the suspension of cruise voyages, implementation of additional health and safety measures, increased concern related to illness when traveling to, from, and on our ships, reduced demand for cruise vacations, guest compensation, itinerary modifications, redeployments and cancellations, travel restrictions and advisories, the unavailability of ports and/or destinations and protected commissions. We were also negatively impacted by adverse impacts to our travel agencies and suppliers due to COVID-19, and we may experience similar impacts in the event of a future pandemic or other public health crises. Adverse incidents involving cruise ships may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The operation of cruise ships carries an inherent risk of loss caused by adverse weather conditions and maritime disasters, including, but not limited to, oil spills and other environmental mishaps, extreme weather conditions, fires, 31 Table of Contents mechanical failures, collisions, human error, war, terrorism, piracy, political action, civil unrest and insurrections in various countries and other circumstances or events. Any such event may result in loss of life or property, loss of revenue or increased costs and the frequency and severity of natural disasters may increase due to climate change. The operation of cruise ships also involves the risk of other incidents at sea, while in port or during shore excursions operated and/or offered by us and third parties, including missing guests, inappropriate crew or passenger behavior and onboard crimes, which may bring into question passenger safety, may adversely affect future industry performance and may lead to litigation against us. We have experienced accidents and other incidents involving our cruise ships in the past and there can be no assurance that similar events will not occur in the future. It is possible that we could be forced to cancel cruises due to these factors or incur increased port-related and other costs resulting from such adverse events. Any such event involving our cruise ships or other passenger cruise ships may adversely affect guests perceptions of safety or result in increased governmental or other regulatory oversight. An adverse judgment or settlement in respect of any of the ongoing claims against us may also lead to negative publicity about us. The expanded use of social media has increased the speed that negative publicity spreads and makes it more difficult to mitigate reputational damage. Geopolitical conflicts, including ongoing conflicts, may affect itineraries, destination access, fuel availability and costs, and consumer demand, and may heighten cyber and operational risks. Anything that damages our reputation (whether or not justified), could also have an adverse impact on demand, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If there is a significant accident, mechanical failure or similar problem involving a ship, we may have to place a ship in an extended Dry-dock period for repairs. This could result in material lost revenue and/or increased expenditures. Our business depends on maintaining and strengthening our brand to attract new customers and maintain ongoing demand for our offerings, and a significant reduction in such demand could harm our results of operations. Our name and brand image are integral to the growth of our business, as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Our ability to execute our marketing and growth strategy depends on many factors, including the perceived quality of our services, our communication activities, including advertising, social media, and public relations, and our management of the customer experience, including through customer service. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand are important to expanding our customer base and will depend largely on the success of our marketing efforts and our ability to provide consistent, high-quality customer experiences despite any impacts from our cost management and capital allocation strategies. We have used, and expect to continue to use, corporate partnerships, brand ambassadors and traditional, digital and social media to promote our business. Marketing campaigns can be expensive and may not result in the cost-effective acquisition of customers. Ineffective marketing and promotional activities, negative publicity, unfair labor practices, and failure to protect the intellectual property rights in our brand are some of the potential threats to the strength of our brand, and those and other factors could rapidly and severely diminish customer confidence in us. Furthermore, actions taken by individuals that we partner with, such as brand ambassadors, influencers or our associates, that fail to represent our brand in a manner consistent with our brand image, whether through our social media platforms or their own, could also harm our brand reputation and materially impact our business. Future marketing campaigns may not attract new customers at the same rate as past campaigns. If we are unable to attract new customers, or fail to do so in a cost-effective manner, our growth could be slower than we expect and our business could be harmed. A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated systems and technology, including the adoption and use of artificial intelligence ( AI ). These systems and technologies must be refined, updated and replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis in order for us to meet our customers demands and expectations. If we are unable to do so on a timely basis or within reasonable cost parameters, or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. In the past, we have not always achieved the anticipated benefits from the implementation of new systems or technologies, and we may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new system or technology, such as fuel abatement technologies or reservation systems, in the future and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results. 32 Table of Contents The adverse impact of general economic and related factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of interest rates, inflation, unemployment, underemployment and the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities and real estate markets and perceptions of these conditions can decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence. The demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions. The demand for cruises is affected by international, national, local and other macroeconomic conditions. Adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate in North America or globally, such as the volatility of fuel prices, elevated interest rates, which have risen significantly in recent years and may remain at elevated levels or fluctuate, stock and real estate market declines and/or volatility, more restrictive credit markets, higher unemployment or underemployment rates, inflation, which has moderated from recent historical highs but may persist or re-accelerate, higher taxes, changes in governmental policies and political developments impacting international trade, trade disputes, increased tariffs or customers willingness to travel with us, could reduce the level of discretionary income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. Economic conditions remain uncertain, and the potential for an economic slowdown or recession could materially reduce consumer discretionary spending, including spending on cruise vacations. Even absent a recession, sustained elevated interest rates and lingering effects of prior inflationary periods may continue to constrain consumer spending patterns. Consequently, this may negatively affect demand for cruise vacations. Decreases in demand for cruise vacations could result in price discounting or lower Occupancy Percentages, which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. In addition, these conditions could also impact our suppliers, which could result in disruptions in our suppliers services and financial losses for us. Our revenues are also sensitive to the activities of other cruise lines in many areas including pricing, itineraries, capacity and promotions, which can have a material adverse impact not only on our revenues, but also on overall industry revenues. Breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information systems and other networks or our actual or perceived failure to comply with requirements regarding data privacy and protection could impair our operations, subject us to significant fines, penalties and damages, and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The integrity and reliability of our information systems and networks are crucial to our business operations and a breach, compromise, damage or other disruption to these systems or networks could impair our operations, have an adverse impact on our financial results and negatively affect our reputation and customer demand. In addition, certain networks are dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. Among other things, actual or threatened natural disasters, information systems failures, computer viruses, denial-of-service attacks and other cybersecurity incidents may cause disruptions to our information systems, telecommunications and other networks. Our business continuity, disaster recovery, data restoration plans and data and information system security may not prevent disruptions that could result in adverse effects on our operations and financial results. We carry limited business interruption insurance for certain shoreside operations, subject to limitations, exclusions and deductibles. As part of our ordinary business operations, we and certain of our third-party service providers collect, process, transmit and store a large volume of personally identifiable information, including sensitive information. The security of the systems and networks where we and our service providers store this data is a critical element of our business. We experience cybersecurity threats and incidents of varying degrees on our systems and networks and, as a result, unauthorized parties have obtained in the past, and may in the future, obtain access to our computer systems and networks, including cloud-based platforms. The technology infrastructure and systems of our suppliers, vendors, service providers and partners have in the past experienced and may in the future experience such attacks. Cybersecurity threats can include computer viruses, malware, worms, hackers and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including physical and electronic break-ins, router disruption, sabotage or espionage, disruptions from unauthorized access and tampering (including through social engineering such as phishing attacks), impersonation of authorized users and coordinated denial-of-service attacks. Threat actors are increasingly leveraging AI to enhance the sophistication, speed, and effectiveness of cyberattacks. The proliferation of AI tools may lower barriers for threat actors and increase the frequency and severity of attacks we face, and our security measures may not keep pace with these evolving capabilities. There can be no assurance that a breach or incident will not have a material impact on our operations and financial results in the future. In addition, we may not be in a position to promptly address security breaches, unauthorized access or other cybersecurity incidents or to implement adequate preventative measures if we are unable to 33 Table of Contents immediately detect such incidents. Our failure to successfully prevent, mitigate or timely respond to such incidents could impair our ability to conduct business and damage our reputation. We are also subject to laws in multiple jurisdictions relating to the privacy and protection of personal data. Noncompliance with these laws or the compromise of information systems used by us or our service providers resulting in the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to the personally identifiable information of our guests, prospective guests, employees or vendors could result in governmental investigation, civil liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, any or all of which could disrupt our operations and materially adversely affect our business. Additionally, any material failure by us or our service providers to maintain compliance with the Payment Card Industry security requirements or to rectify a data security issue may result in fines and restrictions on our ability to accept credit cards as a form of payment. The regulatory framework for data privacy and protection is uncertain for the foreseeable future, and it is possible that legal and regulatory obligations may continue to increase and may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent or possibly conflicting from one jurisdiction to another. In the event of a data security breach of our systems and/or third-party systems or a cybersecurity incident, we may incur costs associated with the following: response, notification, forensics, regulatory investigations, public relations, consultants, credit identity monitoring, credit freezes, fraud alert, credit identity restoration, credit card cancellation, credit card reissuance or replacement, data restoration, regulatory fines and penalties, vendor fines and penalties, legal fees, damages and settlements. In addition, a data security breach or cybersecurity incident may cause business interruption, information system disruption, disruptions as a result of regulatory investigation or litigation, digital asset loss related to corrupted or destroyed data, loss of company assets, damage to our reputation, damages to intangible property and other intangible damages, such as loss of consumer confidence, all of which could impair our operations and have an adverse impact on our financial results. Changes in fuel prices and the type of fuel we are permitted to use and/or other cruise operating costs would impact the cost of our cruise ship operations and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increased costs related to fuel prices. Fuel expense is a significant cost for our Company. Increases in fuel costs are expected as regulatory requirements take effect and alternative fuel demand outpaces infrastructure deployment, and our strategies may not fully offset these pressures. We are required to use alternate fuel sources as regulations aimed at reducing carbon intensity have been introduced, and we may choose to use alternative fuels in order to achieve any emissions reduction targets we have and may in the future adopt. For example, the E.U. included the maritime shipping sector in the scope of its Emissions Trading System, which regulates GHG emissions through a cap and trade principle, since January 2024. In addition, as of January 1, 2025, the FuelEU Maritime regulation is designed to promote the use of renewable, low-carbon fuels and clean energy technologies for ships, and mandates ships calling at E.U. ports gradually reduce the GHG intensity of their fuel usage. Under the FuelEU Maritime regulation, ships that have a higher GHG intensity than the requirement must pay a penalty that is progressively increased if the ship has a compliance deficit for two or more consecutive reporting periods. We could also experience increases in other cruise operating costs due to market forces, global inflationary pressures and economic or political instability resulting from increases or volatility in fuel expense. Our hedging program may not be successful in mitigating higher fuel costs, and any price protection provided may be limited due to market conditions, including choice of hedging instruments, breakdown of correlation between hedging instrument and market price of fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. To the extent that we use hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly, such hedge contracts may limit our ability to benefit fully from lower fuel costs in the future. Additionally, deterioration in our financial condition could negatively affect our ability to enter into new hedge contracts in the future. Mechanical malfunctions and repairs, delays in our shipbuilding program, maintenance and refurbishments and the consolidation of qualified shipyard facilities could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The new construction, refurbishment, repair and maintenance of our ships are complex processes and involve risks similar to those encountered in other large and sophisticated equipment construction, refurbishment and repair projects. 34 Table of Contents Our ships are subject to the risk of mechanical failure or accident, which we have occasionally experienced and have had to repair. For example, in the past we have had to delay or cancel cruises due to mechanical issues on our ships. There can be no assurance that we will not experience similar events in the future. If there is a mechanical failure or accident in the future, we may be unable to procure spare parts when needed or make repairs without incurring material expense or suspension of service, especially if a problem affects certain specialized maritime equipment, such as the radar, a pod propulsion unit, the electrical/power management system, the steering gear or the gyro system. Limited capacity and availability of shipyards and related subcontractors, including a lack of viable Dry-dock facilities in the Western Hemisphere, could impact our ability to construct or repair ships as needed. Delays or mechanical faults may result in cancellation of cruises and/or necessitate unscheduled Dry-docks and repairs of ships. In addition, availability, work stoppages, insolvency or financial problems in the shipyards construction, refurbishment or repair of our ships, other force majeure events that are beyond our control and the control of shipyards or subcontractors, or changes to technical specifications due to regulatory changes, sustainability initiatives or other strategic initiatives could also delay or prevent the newbuild delivery, refurbishment and repair and maintenance of our ships. Any termination or breach of contract following such an event may result in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, potential claims and impairment of losses. A significant delay in the delivery of a new ship, or a significant performance deficiency or mechanical failure of a new ship could also have an adverse effect on our business. The impacts of global events including armed or geopolitical conflicts and pandemics, a lack of viable Dry-dock facilities, modifications to our newbuilds, including potential initiatives to improve environmental sustainability, and other macroeconomic events have resulted in some delays in expected ship deliveries, and may result in additional delays in ship deliveries in the future, which may be prolonged. The consolidation of the control of certain European cruise shipyards could result in higher prices for the construction of new ships and refurbishments and could limit the availability of qualified shipyards to construct new ships. Also, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result in the inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis. Any occurrence that prevented such third party from continuing to oversee such projects or substantially increased the costs related to such oversight could have an adverse effect on our operations. These potential events and the associated losses, to the extent that they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Conducting business internationally may result in increased costs and risks. We operate our business internationally and plan to continue to develop our international presence. Operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including political risks, risks of increases in duties, taxes and tariffs, risks relating to anti-bribery laws, as well as risks that laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses, or governing the operations of foreign-based companies may change. Additional risks include imposition of trade barriers, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures, including value added taxes. If we are unable to address these risks adequately, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Operating internationally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements. In many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. We have implemented safeguards and policies to prevent violations of various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business by our employees and agents. However, our existing safeguards and policies and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and our employees or agents may engage in conduct prohibited by our policies, but for which we nevertheless may be held responsible. If our employees or agents violate our policies, if we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions or if we fail to implement or maintain other adequate safeguards, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions or severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties. Our failure or inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel or employee relations issues may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 35 Table of Contents We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and other employees to maintain our current business and support our projected growth. We need to hire and train a considerable number of qualified crew members to staff the ships that will be joining our fleet in the coming years. This may require significant efforts on the part of our management team, and our failure or inability to hire a sufficient number of qualified crew members would adversely affect our business. Currently, we are a party to collective bargaining agreements with certain crew members. Any future amendments to such collective bargaining agreements or inability to satisfactorily renegotiate such agreements may increase our labor costs and have a negative impact on our financial condition. In addition, although our collective bargaining agreements have a no-strike provision, they may not prevent a disruption in work on our ships in the future. Any such disruptions in work could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Our executive officers and other members of senior management have substantial experience and expertise in our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. The loss of services of one or more of these individuals could materially adversely affect us. Negative perceptions about the cruise industry, carbon intensity, sustainability or otherwise may make it increasingly difficult to retain and hire additional crew members to staff our fleet and to recruit new employees generally. Shareholder activism could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and share price. Actions by activist shareholders that target our company and our business may not align with our business strategies or the best interests of all of our shareholders. Responding to activist shareholders can be costly and time-consuming, diverting the attention of our Board of Directors and management from the pursuit of our business strategies. We have incurred, and may in the future incur, significant expenses related to such matters, including legal, financial, advisory and proxy solicitation costs. Shareholder activism could also give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, and cause our share price to fluctuate based on speculative market perceptions that do not reflect our underlying business fundamentals, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and share price. Impacts related to climate change may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There has been an increased focus on GHG and other emissions from global regulators, consumers and other stakeholders. Regulations addressing climate change that have already been adopted or are being considered, as described under Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment in Which We Operate, may have significant adverse impacts to our profitability and operations. In addition, concern about climate change may cause consumers to avoid certain kinds of travel including cruise and air travel, which could impact our ability to source guests. Increasing concerns about GHG emissions may attract scrutiny from investors and may make it more difficult and/or costly for us to raise capital. Our ships, port facilities, corporate offices and island destinations have in the past and may again be adversely affected by an increase in the frequency and intensity of adverse weather conditions caused by climate change. For example, certain ports have become temporarily unavailable to us due to hurricane damage and other destinations have either considered or implemented restrictions on cruise operations due to environmental concerns. We expect to make significant investments in technology, equipment and alternative fuels in order to comply with climate-related regulations and achieve any climate-related targets we may set, and our profitability and operations may be adversely impacted by such investments. These investments may have costs beyond our expectations and may not ultimately benefit us as expected. The actions we take to meet our emissions reduction goals and requirements have in the past and may again result in delays to our shipbuilding program. Our ability to achieve our sustainability commitments and goals will depend on a number of variable factors, some of which are outside of our control. We may fall short of any sustainability goals we set, including those disclosed publicly, which may result in negative impacts to our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, backlash against our sustainability initiatives and commitments may harm our reputation among other stakeholders and expose us to related liabilities. Our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 36 Table of Contents There can be no assurance that our risks are fully insured against or that any particular claim will be fully paid by our insurance. Such losses, to the extent they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could affect our financial results. In addition, we have been and continue to be subject to calls, or premiums, in amounts based not only on our own claim records, but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. Our payment of these calls and increased premiums could result in significant expenses to us. If we, or other members of our protection and indemnity associations, were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or at all could be materially adversely affected. For example, in the past our protection and indemnity associations have increased certain deductibles and determined not to cover certain categories of claims. Moreover, irrespective of the occurrence of such events, there can still be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or at all. Litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and damage our reputation. Our business is subject to various U.S. and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. In addition, improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. In certain circumstances, it may not be economical to defend against such matters, and a legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. Such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. As a result of any ship-related or other incidents, litigation claims, enforcement actions and regulatory actions and investigations, including, but not limited to, those arising from personal injury, loss of life, loss of or damage to personal property, business interruption losses or environmental damage to any affected coastal waters and the surrounding area, may be asserted or brought against various parties, including us and/or our brands. The time and attention of our management may also be diverted in defending such claims, actions and investigations. Subject to applicable insurance coverage, we may also incur costs both in defending against any claims, actions and investigations and for any judgments, fines, civil or criminal penalties if such claims, actions or investigations are adversely determined. We rely on third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services, and we are exposed to risks facing such providers. In certain circumstances, we may not be able to replace such third parties or we may be forced to replace them at an increased cost to us. We rely on external third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services, such as technology and payment processing services, that are vital to our business. If these service providers suffer financial hardship or suffer disruptions or are unable to continue providing such services, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to replace such service providers in a timely manner, which may cause an interruption in our operations. To the extent that we are able to replace such service providers, we may be forced to pay an increased cost for equivalent services. Both the interruption of operations and the replacement of the third-party service providers at an increased cost could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results. We earn revenues, pay expenses, purchase and own assets and incur liabilities in currencies other than the U.S. dollar; most significantly, a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly British pounds, Canadian dollars, euros and Australian dollars. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against our other major currencies may adversely affect our U.S. dollar financial results and will reduce the U.S. dollar amount received upon conversion of these currencies into U.S. dollars. We currently have certain ship construction contracts and newbuild-related debt denominated in euros. We are exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate for the portions of the ship construction contracts and euro-denominated debt 37 Table of Contents that have not been hedged with foreign currency derivatives. A weakening of the U.S. dollar against the euro would have a negative impact on our financial performance to the extent that these contracts have not been hedged. Additionally, if a shipyard is unable to perform under the related ship construction contract, any associated foreign currency hedges that were entered into to manage the currency risk would need to be terminated. Our expansion into new markets and investments in new markets, businesses and land-based destination projects may not be successful. We believe there remains significant opportunity to expand our passenger sourcing into major markets in the future, such as Europe and Australia, as well as into emerging markets and to expand our itineraries in new markets. Expansion into new markets requires significant levels of investment and attention from management. There can be no assurance that these markets will develop as anticipated or that we will have success in these markets, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment spent to expand our business into these markets and may forgo opportunities in more lucrative markets, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, we pursue acquisitions and may pursue acquisitions in the future, which are subject to, among other factors, our ability to identify attractive business opportunities and to negotiate favorable terms for such opportunities. Accordingly, we cannot make any assurances that potential acquisitions will be completed timely or at all, or that if completed, we would realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. We have also made, and plan to continue to make, investments in land-based projects including port facilities and destination projects that are susceptible to impacts from, among other things, weather events, regulatory restrictions, labor risks, shortages of goods and materials and resistance from local populations. Any such impacts to our land-based projects could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Overcapacity in key markets or globally could adversely affect our operating results. We continue to expand our fleet through our newbuild program and expect to add additional ships to our fleet. Our competitors have also announced similar expansions to their fleets. These increases in capacity in the cruise industry globally and potential overcapacity in certain key markets may cause us to lower pricing, which would reduce profitability and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, older ships in our fleet may not be as competitive as new ships enter the market, and we may not be able to effectively sell or charter such older ships at optimal prices. Our use of AI technologies may present business, compliance, and reputational risks. We use AI technologies in some of our business processes, including some consumer-facing features. Developing our own AI technologies requires resources to develop, test, and maintain such technologies, which could be costly. Adding AI technologies, especially generative AI, in both new and existing business processes may introduce additional risks, including increased governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, compliance issues, ethical concerns, as well as other factors that could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. Specifically, using AI technologies may lead to accuracy issues, security vulnerabilities, or biases, among other things, which may compromise data security, intellectual property, or client information, and adversely impact our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. We may also fail to adopt AI technologies at an appropriate pace, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. We operate in a highly competitive vacation market, which could adversely affect our results. We compete in a broad and highly competitive vacation market in which cruising is one of many leisure options available to consumers. We face competition not only from other cruise lines, but also from a wide range of alternative vacation offerings, including hotels, resorts, short-term lodging providers, theme parks and packaged travel experiences. Competition within the cruise industry is driven by factors such as pricing, itinerary and destination offerings, ship features, service levels, marketing and travel advisor relationships. Competitive actions, including changes in pricing, capacity, deployment and promotional activity, may adversely affect our revenues, margins and operating results. 38 Table of Contents Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment in Which We Operate We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental, health and safety, labor, data privacy and protection and maritime laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our operations and certain recently introduced laws and regulations and future changes in laws and regulations could lead to increased costs and/or decreased revenue. Increasingly stringent and complex international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations addressing environmental protection and health and safety of workers could affect our operations. The IMO, a United Nations agency with responsibility for the safety and security of shipping and the prevention of marine pollution by ships, the Council of the European Union, individual countries, the United States, and individual states have implemented and are considering, new laws and rules to manage cruise ship operations. Many aspects of the cruise industry are subject to international treaties such as SOLAS, an international safety regulation, MARPOL, IMO s requirements governing environmental protection, and STCW, an IMO regulation governing ship manning. In the United States, the EPA and the U.S. Coast Guard both have regulations addressing cruise ship operations. The U.S. and various state and foreign government and regulatory agencies have enacted or are considering new environmental regulations and policies aimed at restricting or taxing emissions, including those of greenhouse gases, requiring the use of low-sulfur fuels, requiring the use of shore power while in port, increasing fuel efficiency requirements, reducing the threat of invasive species in ballast water, and improving sewage and greywater-handling capabilities. For example, the maritime shipping sector has been included in the E.U. s Emissions Trading System since the beginning of 2024. Under the directive ships over 5,000 Gross Tons that transport passengers or cargo to or from E.U. member state or EEA ports are required to purchase and surrender emissions allowances equivalent to emissions for all or a half of a covered voyage, depending on whether the voyage was between two E.U. or EEA ports or an E.U. or EEA and a non-E.U. or EEA port. The requirements are being phased in from 2024 to 2026. Beginning in 2024, covered entities were required to procure and surrender allowances equivalent to 40% of their carbon emissions, with the amount increasing to 70% of carbon emissions in 2025 and 100% of GHG emissions in 2026. The IMO has also implemented and considered additional requirements for the shipping industry that promote the reduction of GHG emissions. Compliance with such laws and regulations has resulted in increased costs to our Company and is expected to entail significant expenses for a combination of: ship modifications, 