=== NCLH_2026-03-02.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report, including the risk factor titled We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental, health and safety, labor, data privacy and protection and maritime laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our operations and certain recently introduced laws and regulations and future changes in laws and regulations could lead to increased costs and/or decreased revenue. Taxation U.S. Income Taxation The following discussion is based upon current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. Changes in these authorities may cause the tax consequences to vary substantially from the consequences described below. Exemption of International Shipping Income under Section 883 of the Code Under Section 883 of the Code ( Section 883 ) and the related regulations, a foreign corporation will be exempt from U.S. federal income taxation on its U.S.-source income derived from the international operation of ships ( shipping income ) if: (a) it is organized in a qualified foreign country, which is one that grants an equivalent exemption from tax to corporations organized in the U.S. in respect of each category of shipping income for which exemption is being claimed under Section 883; and (b) either: (1) more than 50% of the value of its stock is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by qualified shareholders, which includes individuals who are residents of a qualified foreign country; (2) one or more classes of its stock representing, in the aggregate, more than 50% of the combined voting power and value of all classes of its stock are primarily and regularly traded on one or more established securities markets in a qualified foreign country or in the U.S. (the publicly-traded test ); or (3) it is a controlled foreign corporation (a CFC ) for more than half of the taxable year and more than 50% of its stock is owned by qualified U.S. persons for more than half of the taxable year (the CFC test ). In addition, U.S. Treasury Regulations require a foreign corporation and certain of its direct and indirect shareholders to satisfy detailed substantiation and reporting requirements. 19 Table of Contents NCLH is incorporated in Bermuda, which is a qualified foreign country that grants an equivalent exemption, and NCLH meets the publicly-traded test because its ordinary shares were primarily and regularly traded on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ). The NYSE is considered to be an established securities market in the United States. Therefore, we believe that NCLH qualifies for the benefits of Section 883. We believe and have taken the position that substantially all of NCLH s income, including the income of its ship-owning subsidiaries, is properly categorized as shipping income and that we do not have a material amount of non-qualifying income. It is possible, however, that the IRS s interpretation of shipping income could differ from ours and that a much larger percentage of our income does not qualify (or will not qualify) as shipping income. Moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years in which we will satisfy complex tests under Section 883. There are factual circumstances beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of NCLH s ordinary shares, which could cause NCLH or its subsidiaries to lose the benefit of the exemption under Section 883. Further, any changes in our operations could significantly increase our exposure to taxation on shipping income, and we can give no assurances on this matter. Under certain circumstances, changes in the identity, residence or holdings of NCLH s direct or indirect shareholders could cause NCLH s ordinary shares not to be regularly traded on an established securities market within the meaning of the regulations under Section 883. Therefore, as a precautionary matter, NCLH has provided protections in its bye-laws to reduce the risk of such changes impacting our ability to meet the publicly-traded test by prohibiting any person from owning, directly, indirectly or constructively, more than 4.9% of NCLH s ordinary shares unless such ownership is approved by NCLH s Board of Directors (the 4.9% limit ). Any outstanding shares held in excess of the 4.9% limit will be transferred to and held in a trust. For 2025, 2024 and 2023, both Regent and Oceania Cruises relied on NCLH s ability to meet the requirements necessary to qualify for the benefits of Section 883 as discussed above. Taxation of International Shipping Income Where Section 883 of the Code is Inapplicable Unless exempt from U.S. federal income taxation, a foreign corporation is subject to U.S. federal income tax in respect of its shipping income that is derived from sources within the United States. If we fail to qualify for the exemption under Section 883 in respect of our U.S.-sourced shipping income, or if the provision was repealed, then we will be subject to taxation in the U.S. on such income. Generally, shipping income is any income that is derived from the use of vessels, from the hiring or leasing of vessels for use on a time, voyage or bareboat charter basis or from the performance of services directly related to those uses. For these purposes, shipping income attributable to transportation that begins or ends, but that does not both begin and end, in the United States, which we refer to as U.S.-source shipping income, will be considered to be 50% derived from sources within the United States. If we do not qualify for exemption under Section 883, or if the provision was repealed, then any U.S.-sourced shipping income or any other income that is considered to be effectively connected income would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income taxation on a net basis (generally at a 21% rate) and state and local taxes, and our effectively connected earnings and profits may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax and branch-level interest tax of 30%, unless a lower treaty rate applies (the Net Tax Regime ). Our U.S.-source shipping income is considered effectively connected income if we have, or are considered to have, a fixed place of business in the U.S. involved in the earning of U.S.-source shipping income, and substantially all of our U.S.-source shipping income is attributable to regularly scheduled transportation, such as the operation of a vessel that follows a published schedule with repeated sailings at regular intervals between the same points for voyages that begin or end in the U.S. If we do not have a fixed place of business in the U.S. or substantially all of our income is not derived from regularly scheduled transportation, the income will generally not be considered to be effectively connected income. In that case, we would be subject to a special 4% tax on our gross U.S.-source shipping income (the 4% Tax Regime ). 20 Table of Contents Other United States Taxation U.S. Treasury Regulations list several items of income which are not considered to be incidental to the international operation of ships and, to the extent derived from U.S. sources, are subject to U.S. federal income taxes under the Net Tax Regime discussed above. Income items considered non-incidental to the international operation of ships include income from the sale of single-day cruises, shore excursions, air and other transportation, and pre- and post-cruise land packages. We believe that substantially all of our income currently derived from the international operation of ships is shipping income. Income from U.S.-flagged Operations Income derived from our U.S.-flagged operation generally will be subject to U.S. corporate income taxes both at the federal and state levels. In addition, any dividends paid by our U.S.-flagged operations to NCLC would be considered subject to a dividend withholding tax of 30%. Bermuda Income Taxation Previously, NCLH, NCLC and their Bermuda subsidiaries obtained an assurance from the Minister of Finance of Bermuda under the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act 1966 that, in the event that any legislation was enacted in Bermuda imposing any tax, including tax on profits or income among others, such tax would not be applicable to them until March 31, 2035. Such assurances were superseded by the passage of new legislation as described below. On December 27, 2023, the Corporate Income Tax Act 2023 ( the Bermuda Act ) was enacted in Bermuda. Under the Bermuda Act, the corporate income tax will be determined based on a statutory tax rate of 15% effective for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2025. The corporate income tax will apply only to Bermuda tax resident businesses that are part of multinational enterprise groups with 750 million or more in annual revenues in at least two of the four fiscal years immediately preceding the year in question. Although the Government of Bermuda has released limited guidance with respect to specific provisions of the Bermuda Act, as well as regulatory guidance, it is anticipated that further administrative guidance as well as regulatory guidance will be released over the course of the 2026 calendar year and beyond. As enacted, the Bermuda Act makes it clear that any corporate income tax liability is due regardless of the above assurances under the Exempted Undertakings Protection Act 1966. Therefore, NCLH, NCLC and their Bermuda subsidiaries became subject to the Bermuda corporate income tax effective as of January 1, 2025. The Bermuda Act provides for an international shipping income exclusion. In order for a Bermuda entity s international shipping income to qualify for the exclusion, the entity must demonstrate that the strategic or commercial management of all ships concerned is effectively carried on from or within Bermuda. NCLH believes it met the necessary requirements to qualify for the international shipping income exclusion during 2025. Additionally, the Bermuda Act provides for companies to be able to offset 80% of their Bermuda taxable income with any tax loss deductions available on an annual basis. The Bermuda Act provides for opening tax loss carryforwards based on the Bermuda taxable income (loss) results of the individual Bermuda entities in the five fiscal years prior to the enactment date, which includes the 2020 through 2024 calendar years for Norwegian. These tax loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. Refer to Note 12 Income Taxes for more information. U.K. Income Taxation Some of our subsidiaries which are incorporated in the U.K. are subject to normal U.K. corporation tax. Certain State, Local and Non-U.S. Tax Matters We may be subject to state, local and non-U.S. income or non-income taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. We may be required to file tax returns in some or all of those 21 Table of Contents jurisdictions. Our state, local or non-U.S. tax treatment may not conform to the U.S. federal income tax treatment discussed above. We may be required to pay non-U.S. taxes on dispositions of foreign property, or operations involving foreign property may give rise to non-U.S. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial. Changes in Tax Laws The various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. These tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. Legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from U.S. federal income tax under Section 883 and subject all or a portion of our shipping income to taxation in the U.S. Moreover, we may become subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded by current or future law. For example, the OECD and numerous jurisdictions have had an increased focus on issues concerning the taxation of multinational businesses and have adopted several related reforms including the implementation of a global minimum tax rate of at least 15% for large multinational businesses that was effective January 1, 2024 or later, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of these developments in global tax reform, during the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company realigned its organizational structure in Bermuda due to the inclusion of the international shipping income exclusion in the Bermuda Act, which we believe provides an ability for the Company to exempt a significant amount of its income from Bermuda income tax. We expect global tax reform will continue to evolve over the coming years, and we will continue to monitor any new developments and assess impacts to the Company. Human Capital Our people are the driving force of our past, current and future success. We aim to empower our team members worldwide, providing them opportunities to grow and develop, and comprehensive benefits that support them to thrive both physically and mentally. We believe this commitment to empower people allows us to attract and retain top talent, while simultaneously providing robust career development opportunities that ultimately result in significant value to our Company. We have implemented comprehensive crew wellness programs to promote a healthy work-life balance for our team members. These initiatives are designed to support our crew in maintaining their well-being, ensuring they remain engaged and motivated. By prioritizing crew wellness, we empower our staff to consistently deliver exceptional customer service, reflecting our ongoing commitment to both our employees and our customers. Best-in-class guest service levels are paramount in the markets in which we operate, where travelers have discerning tastes and high expectations for quality service. We have dedicated resources to ensure that our service offerings on all of our ships meet the demands of our guests. Among other initiatives, we have implemented rigorous onboard training programs, with a focus on career development. We believe that our dedication to anticipating and meeting our guests every need differentiates our operations and fosters close relationships between our guests and crew, helping to build customer loyalty. Our captains and chief engineers are experienced seafarers. Our bridge and technical officers regularly undergo operations training such as leadership, navigation, stability, statutory and environmental regulatory compliance. To support our deck and engine officers while at sea, we have bridge and engine protocols and support documentation in place, dictating specific standard operating procedures. Our bridge teams conduct a voyage planning process prior to sailing, where the upcoming itinerary is reviewed and discussed by the captain and bridge team prior to departure and in preparation for arrival. In addition, all of our ships employ state-of-the-art navigational equipment and technology to provide our bridge teams with accurate data regarding the planned itinerary. Team Members As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 5,300 full-time employees worldwide in our shoreside operations and approximately 39,200 shipboard employees. Regent s and Oceania Cruises ships use a third party to provide additional hotel and restaurant staffing onboard. We refer you to Item 1A Risk Factors Our failure or 22 Table of Contents inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel or employee relations issues may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations for more information regarding our relationships with union employees and our collective bargaining agreements that are currently in place. Compensation and Benefits Critical to our success is identifying, recruiting and retaining top talent and incentivizing existing and future team members. We attract and retain talented team members by offering competitive compensation and benefits. Our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy for our shoreside team is based on rewarding each team member s individual contributions. We use a combination of fixed and variable pay components, including base salary, bonus, equity, commissions and merit increases. We maintain a long-term incentive plan for our manager-level team members and above that allows us to provide share-based compensation to enhance our pay-for-performance culture and to support our attraction, retention and motivational goals. We have established an $18 per hour minimum wage for our non-commission U.S.-based shoreside employees. We also issued an appreciation bonus of up to 10 days of pay to non-management employees not eligible under other bonus or incentive programs. The Company also consistently reviews salary levels in order to remain competitive in recruiting and retaining talent for shoreside and shipboard employees. We believe our compensation programs for our shipboard team are competitive and for the majority of this team, and these compensation programs have been negotiated with various unions and documented in collective bargaining agreements. The success of our Company is connected to the well-being of our team members, such that we offer a competitive benefits package including physical, financial and emotional well-being benefits. We offer our full-time U.S. shoreside team members a choice of Company-subsidized medical and dental programs to meet their needs and those of their families. In addition, we offer health savings and flexible spending accounts, vision cover, paid time off, employee assistance programs, short term disability and voluntary long-term disability insurance, term life and business travel insurance. We offer a 401(k) retirement savings plan and education assistance benefits. In 2025, following feedback from employees, we announced a further increase to our 401(k) company match for 2026. Our benefits vary by location and are designed to meet or exceed local requirements and to be competitive in the marketplace. As we strive to be an employer of choice, the Company continues with a 4/1 flexible work model for shoreside team members globally. The flexible model allows most employees to work in-office Monday through Thursday and remotely on Friday. We proudly offer Family Care Benefits to our eligible shoreside employees that includes paid leave at 100% of an employee s salary for maternity, paternity, and adoption leaves. Family planning assistance for fertility and surrogacy services and adoption support are also offered. As part of NCLH s Family Care Benefits, a maternity return to work transition program is available to provide a smooth transition to the office following the medical leave. We also offer free women s menopause support benefit to our team members. In addition, we provide an onsite clinic at our corporate headquarters to make healthcare more accessible and convenient for our team members, offering a range of services from physical exams, immunizations, basic diagnostic testing, and low-cost prescription medication. Onsite mobile clinics providing preventative screenings, such as mammography, dermatology, dental, and vision care, are offered at our corporate headquarters throughout the year. The Company continues to offer a robust team member Norwegian cruise benefit to our full time shoreside team members which offers 95% off one cruise per year, along with substantial discounts for additional cruises. Our cruise benefit programs were further enhanced for team member s friends and family across our brands. We continue to offer the NCLH Wellness at Sea program to all shipboard team members, creating a wellness-conscious work environment on the vessels. We are committed to providing crew members with guidelines, resources, and activities for educational purposes and to guide them to achieve optimal wellness. Topics in this initiative include, for example, nutrition, physical activity, sleep and stress management and alcohol and tobacco awareness. Training and Development The opportunity to grow and develop skills and experience, regardless of job role, division or geographic location, is critical to the success of the Company as a global organization. We actively foster a culture of learning and offer a variety of developmental courses for our team members. We provide a mentorship program in which even our most senior leaders actively participate. Succession planning is part of our culture. We have a year-round focus on providing 23 Table of Contents team members with opportunities to develop their leadership skills and add to our bench of talent through various training initiatives. Succession planning and talent review programs allow us to continuously calibrate and evaluate high potential talent, offering talent rotations and investing in development for long-term success. Established in 2021, Rising Stars remains a key development program to identify high potential shoreside leaders at the Director and Senior Director level. The 6-month program is conducted with a human resources strategy firm and is focused on developing a growth mindset to refine leadership strengths, champion change and encourage innovation through assessment tools, one-on-one coaching and group learning. We have had successful rates of promotion and retention of Rising Stars graduates. As part of our learning and development programs, all shoreside team members are offered access to premiere online learning for a wide range of personal development courses at their own pace. In 2025, we launched our People Manager Learning Voyage for our shoreside managers and senior managers to equip people managers with the skills, tools, and mindset to lead high-performing teams and foster a culture of excellence. Shipboard team members have the opportunity to learn the skills and responsibilities of another position in a different department, either to increase their effectiveness in the Company, or to give them the opportunity to shift their career path. Retention and Engagement We have a history of strong retention rates across our shoreside and shipboard teams, which we attribute to our culture that allows our team members to thrive and achieve their career goals. Consistent with recent years, the Company continues to experience a high shoreside voluntary retention rate. In 2025, we offered two team member-only sailings during Norwegian Aqua s inaugural season to provide team members the opportunity to sail and experience our product offerings. In December 2025, with limited capacity, a similar opportunity was held aboard Oceania Cruises Allura. Exceptional team members continue to be recognized by a robust annual Award of Excellence recognition program, which acknowledges and rewards individual team members and teams for their demonstration of Company values. The 2025 Award of Excellence winners were celebrated by the NCLH President CEO and senior leadership team onboard Oceania Allura. We have also continued the Kloster Visionary Award, which honors the Company s founder, Knut Kloster, by recognizing a shipboard or shoreside team member, in addition to an honorary team, whose spirit of innovation follows in the footsteps of this visionary. Through the shipboard service delivery recognition programs across all brands, shipboard supervisors and management recognize select shipboard team members that have proven to be outstanding in selected categories. These award programs are designed to provide recognition and promote total guest satisfaction by encouraging and rewarding team members for demonstrating excellence in service, teamwork, attitude, and leadership. Island Destinations and Port Facilities We strive to provide our guests with destination experiences to meet every taste from Sun and Fun to those that are more culturally unique to a particular port. As such, we continue to invest in our private islands, as well as other ports around the world. Our Bahamas private island, Great Stirrup Cay, is currently undergoing construction, having recently completed one side of a two-berth pier, as well as a resort style pool and the Vibe Shore Club. We expect that the Great Tides Waterpark and the pier s second berth will be completed in summer 2026. We also operate Harvest Caye, our private destination in Belize, which offers kayaking, snorkeling, zip-lining, and excursions to nearby Mayan ruins. We also collaborate with local, private, and government entities to secure long-term port usage agreements. We have recently signed an extension with PortMiami, which secures our space until 2063, as well as an arrangement which brings cruising back to Philadelphia beginning in April 2026. 24 Table of Contents Available Information We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We also maintain an Internet site at https://www.nclhltd.com . We will, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports, if applicable, make available such reports free of charge on our website. Our website also contains other items of interest to our investors, including, but not limited to, investor events, press and earnings releases and sustainability initiatives. Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information regarding NCLH s executive officers as of February 17, 2026. Name Age Position John W. Chidsey 63 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark A. Kempa 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Marc Kazlauskas 55 President, Norwegian brand Jason M. Montague 52 Chief Luxury Officer, Oceania Cruises and Regent brands Patrik Dahlgren 49 Executive Vice President, Chief Vessel Operations and Newbuild Officer Daniel S. Farkas 57 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Development Officer and Secretary Faye L. Ashby 54 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer All the executive officers listed above hold their offices at the pleasure of our Board of Directors, subject to rights under any applicable employment agreements. There are no family relationships between or among any directors and executive officers. John W. Chidsey has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since February 2026 and has been a director of the Company since February 2025, having previously served as a director from April 2013 to January 2022. Mr. Chidsey previously served as CEO of Subway Restaurants from November 2019 December 2024. Prior to Subway, Mr. Chidsey held the following roles at Burger King Holdings, Inc.: Chief Executive Officer from April 2006 October 2010, President and Chief Financial Officer from September 2005 April 2006, President, North America from June 2004 September 2005 and Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative and Financial Officer from March 2004 June 2004. From 1996 2003, Mr. Chidsey held key leadership positions at Cendant Corporation, where he served as Chairman and CEO of two major divisions. He led the Vehicle Services Division, overseeing brands such as Avis Rent A Car, Budget Rent A Car Systems, PHH, and Wright Express, as well as the Financial Services Division, which included Jackson Hewitt. Earlier in his career, Mr. Chidsey held various senior financial leadership roles at PepsiCo beginning in 1992. Mr. Chidsey has served on the board of HCA Healthcare, Inc. (NYSE: HCA) since July 2025 and previously served on the boards of Encompass Health Corporation (NYSE: EHC), Burger King Holdings (as Chairman), and Brinker International (NYSE: EAT). Mr. Chidsey holds an MBA in Finance and Accounting and a J.D. from Emory University, as well as a B.A. from Davidson College. Mark A. Kempa has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2018. Prior to that, he served as Interim Chief Financial Officer from March 2018 to August 2018 and as NCLH s Senior Vice President, Finance, from November 2014 to August 2018. From September 2008 to November 2014, he served as Vice President, Corporate and Capital Planning and was an instrumental figure in the completion of NCLH s initial public offering in 2013 and the acquisition of PCI in 2014. From January 2007 to August 2008, he served as Director, Corporate and Capital Planning. From January 2003 to December 2006, he served as Director, Newbuild Cost and Control. In this role, he spent almost three years representing the financial interests of the Company s expansive newbuild program while positioned overseas in Germany. From May 1998 to December 2002, he served in various roles in accounting and internal audit. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kempa served as the Assistant Controller for International Voyager Media, a travel portfolio company. Mr. Kempa holds a Bachelor s degree in Accounting from Barry University. 25 Table of Contents Marc Kazlauskas has been the President of Norwegian Cruise Line since January 2026. He has over 30 years of leadership in the premium and luxury sectors of the travel and tourism industry. From August 2025 through December 2025, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Avoya Travel, a vacation platform company, as well as on the Board Directors of Avoya MIP LLC during that time. Prior to his role with Avoya Travel, he was Managing Director at Chase Travel Group, a JPMorgan Chase Co. company from May 202