=== RMD_2025-08-08.htm.gz ===
Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere, and the other information contained in this Report and in our other filings with the SEC, including our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs, with material adverse effects on us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously harmed. In that event, the market price for our common stock will likely decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of the risks that are more fully described in the following section below: Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our inability to compete with new and existing technology to treat OSA successfully may harm our business. Consolidation in the healthcare industry and healthcare payment reform could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Global macroeconomic conditions, including the direct and indirect effects of inflation, supply chain disruptions, reciprocal tariffs, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed by the effects of pandemics, epidemics, or other public health crises. We are subject to various risks relating to international activities that could affect our overall profitability. Our products are the subject of clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors, or other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable, or perceived as unfavorable, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to potential product liability claims that may exceed the scope and amount of our insurance coverage, which would expose us to liability for uninsured claims. Our intellectual property may not protect our products, and/or our products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. If we fail to source, develop and retain key employees, our business may suffer. Our leverage and debt service obligations could adversely affect our business. We are subject to new areas of direct healthcare oversight by federal government agencies due to our acquisition of VirtuOx. Risks Related to Manufacturing, IT Systems, Commercial Operations and Plans for Future Growth Disruptions in the supply of components from our suppliers could result in a significant reduction in sales and profitability. We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure. Failed, substandard or delayed efforts to improve our IT System infrastructure may result in disruption to our business or materially increased costs. Actual or attempted breaches of security, unauthorized disclosure of information, attacks which reduce availability of systems such as denial of service, or the perception that personal and/or other sensitive or confidential information in our possession is not secure, could result in a material loss of business, substantial legal liability or significant harm to our reputation. We may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions, which could adversely affect our operating results. If we are unable to support our continued growth or achieve expected operating efficiencies, our business could suffer. Our business depends on our ability to market effectively to dealers of home healthcare products, sleep clinics, and physicians. -25- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES The success of our software offerings depends substantially on customers entering, renewing, upgrading and expanding their agreements for cloud services, term licenses, and maintenance and support agreements with us. Any decline in our customer renewals, upgrades or expansions could adversely affect our future operating results. If our software products fail to perform properly or if we fail to develop enhancements, we could lose customers, become subject to service performance or warranty claims and our sales could decline. If there are interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology or infrastructure, our existing software customers may experience service outages, and our new customers may experience delays in the deployment of our platforms. Climate change and natural disasters, or other events beyond our control, could negatively impact our business operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Non-Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Healthcare Industry Shifts Healthcare reform or other cost-cutting measures, including changes in coverage policy for our products and services, by government or commercial payors may have a material adverse effect on our industry and our results of operations. Government and private insurance plans may not adequately reimburse our customers for our products, which could result in reductions in sales or selling prices for our products. We are subject to various risks relating to our compliance with fraud and abuse laws and transparency laws relating to our interactions with our customers, healthcare providers, and patients, which could subject us to government investigation, litigation, or other penalties to the extent our activities or relationships are found not to comply or could otherwise cause us to incur significant costs to defend our actions, and could result in substantial fines, penalties, harm our reputation in the market, divert our management s attention, or result in changes in our business operations that could harm our ability to successfully market and sell our products and services. Our use and disclosure of personal information, including health information, is subject to federal, state and foreign privacy, artificial intelligence, data, biometrics and security regulations, and our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold could result in significant liability, regulatory investigations, legal actions, or reputational harm. Our business activities are subject to extensive regulation, and any failure to comply could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Product sales, introductions or modifications may be delayed or canceled as a result of FDA regulations or similar foreign regulations, which could cause our sales and profits to decline. We are subject to substantial regulation related to quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes. Our failure to comply with these standards could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages, personnel reductions, or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, cleared or approved or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. Off-label marketing of our products could result in substantial penalties. Laws regulating consumer contacts could adversely affect our business operations or create liabilities. Tax laws, regulations, and enforcement practices are evolving, are aggressively pursued in some jurisdictions, and may cause expense as well as management distraction, which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. We are subject to ongoing tax audits by local tax authorities, some of which are aggressively pursuing taxes on discontinued local operations. Sustainability and corporate governance issues are constantly evolving, leading to distraction and expense, and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reputation. Risks Related to the Securities Markets and Ownership of Our Common Stock Our quarterly operating results are subject to fluctuation for a variety of reasons. Our ability to sustain or grow dividends or repurchase shares is subject to board discretion. Delaware law and provisions in our charter could make it difficult for another company to acquire us. -26- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our inability to compete with new and existing technology to treat OSA successfully may harm our business. The geographic markets for our products, which encompass Sleep and Breathing Health products and Residential Care Software offerings, are highly competitive and are characterized by frequent product improvements and evolving technology, and new therapies, including existing and new pharmaceuticals. Our ability to compete successfully depends, in part, on our ability to develop, manufacture and sell innovative new products and to enhance existing products that treat OSA more effectively than competing treatments. For our Sleep and Breathing Health business, the development of innovative new products by our competitors or the discovery of alternative treatments or potential cures for the conditions that our products treat could make our products noncompetitive or obsolete. Current competitors, new entrants, academics, and others currently may be developing, or may develop, new devices, alternative treatments or cures, and targeted or indirect pharmaceutical solutions to the conditions our products treat that could provide better features, clinical outcomes or economic value than those that we currently offer or subsequently develop. For example, certain pharmaceutical treatments, such as GLP-1s currently approved to treat diabetes and for weight loss, may enhance patient health, lower the occurrence of obesity, or potentially reduce the severity or existence of OSA. For Residential Care Software, the demand for business management software is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, subject to changing technology, with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs, increased use of AI and frequent introductions of new products and services. Many prospective customers have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to create, implement and integrate their current business management software into their operations and, therefore, may be reluctant or unwilling to change from their current in-house solution or provider to one of our platforms or products. Additionally, some of our competitors, including those described above, have greater financial, research and development, manufacturing and marketing resources than we do. The past several years have seen a trend towards consolidation in the healthcare industry and in the geographic markets for our products. Industry consolidation could result in greater competition if our competitors combine their resources, if our competitors are acquired by other companies with greater resources than ours, or if our competitors become affiliated with customers of ours. The healthcare space is attractive to many companies, particularly new entrants interested in developing digital health models to compete with offerings of more established companies like us. Additionally, one of our competitors, Philips, continues to operate in the U.S. under a consent decree resulting from its product recall. We cannot predict the timing or nature of their substantial return or the impact to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The temporary ban against sales of Philips flow generators has provided an opportunity for smaller companies to compete for customers. Continuing competition could increase pressure on us to reduce the selling prices of our products or could cause us to increase our spending on research and development and sales and marketing. If we are unable to develop innovative new products, maintain competitive pricing, enhance existing products, and offer products that purchasers perceive to be as good as those of our competitors, including the use of pharmaceuticals, our sales and gross margins could decrease which would harm our business. Consolidation in the healthcare industry and healthcare payment reform could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. Many HME providers, durable medical equipment (DME) suppliers, and residential health providers are consolidating, which may result in greater concentration of purchasing power. Numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators, and third-party payors to curb the rising cost of healthcare have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power where we sell our products and services. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services to industry participants may become more intense. These industry participants may try to use their market power to negotiate price concessions or volume reductions for medical devices and components produced by us. If we are forced to reduce our prices because of consolidation in the healthcare industry, our revenues may decrease and our consolidated earnings, financial condition, and/or cash flows may suffer. Global macroeconomic conditions, including the direct and indirect effects of inflation, supply chain disruptions, reciprocal tariffs, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Global economic conditions, geopolitical instability, the impact of tariffs and trade wars on our suppliers, and other macroeconomic factors, including inflation, supply chain disruptions, such as recent shipping disruptions in the Red Sea, interest rate and foreign currency rate fluctuations, and volatility in the capital markets could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The growth of our business and demand for our products and services are affected by changes in the health of the overall global economy. Deterioration in the global economic environment may cause decreased demand for our products and services which could result in lower product sales, services -27- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES revenue, lower prices for our products, or reduced reimbursement rates by third-party payors, while increasing the cost of operating our business. Macroeconomic conditions may impact our global supply chain, primarily through constraints on or increased cost of acquiring raw materials and electronic components. These constraints on raw materials and electronic components may also impact companies outside of our direct industry, which could result in a competitive supply environment causing higher costs, requiring us to commit to minimum purchase obligations as well as make upfront payments to our suppliers. These disruptions may impact our ability to produce and supply products in quantities necessary to satisfy customer demand, which could negatively impact our results of operations. Highly competitive and constrained supply chain conditions may increase our cost of sales, which may adversely impact our profitability. We sell our products in many countries, and we also source many components and materials for our products from and manufacture our products in various countries. Recently, the U.S. government imposed significant tariffs, as well as increases to existing tariffs, impacting a wide variety of goods across multiple countries and indicated that additional tariffs may be imposed in the near future. In response to the tariffs announced by the U.S., other countries have imposed, are considering imposing, and may in the future impose new or increased tariffs on certain exports from the U.S. The extent to which these threats will be enacted and the duration for which enacted tariffs will be in place remain uncertain and could lead to economic decline, which could negatively impact demand for our products and adversely affect our results of operations. Tariffs or trade restrictions that may be implemented by the U.S. or retaliatory trade measures or tariffs implemented by other countries could result in reduced economic activity, increased costs in operating our business, reduced demand and changes in purchasing behaviors for our customers, limits on trade with the U.S. or other potentially adverse economic outcomes. Additionally, specific legislative and regulatory proposals may be introduced to change international trade law, regulations or interpretations thereof (possibly with retroactive effect) of various jurisdictions or limit trade relief benefits that, if enacted, could materially increase the cost of our goods to export internationally, increase our effective tax rate, or have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operation. We cannot predict whether our own or industry initiatives to maintain, extend or create tariff relief for our products and manufacturing will be successful. We also cannot predict the effect, if any, of the imposition of new or increased tariffs by one country and retaliatory responses by other countries who are trade partners. It is possible that these changes could adversely affect our business beyond the resilience of our current supply chain and investment in manufacturing flexibility. Further, actions we take to adapt to new tariffs or trade restrictions may increase our costs or risks or may cause us to modify our operations, which could be time-consuming and expensive; impact pricing of our products, which could impact our sales, profitability, and our reputation; or cause us to forgo new business opportunities. While tariffs and other retaliatory trade measures imposed by other countries on U.S. goods and services have not yet had a significant impact on our business or results of operations, we cannot predict further developments, and such existing or future tariffs could have a material adverse effect on results of our operations, financial position and cash flows. Global economic conditions may impact foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. Although the majority of our net sales and cash generation have been made in the U.S., as our business in countries outside of the U.S. continues to increase, our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk related to our foreign sales and operations will increase. Fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies, primarily the Australian Dollar, Singapore Dollar, Euro, Chinese Yuan, and Canadian Dollar, have had and could in the future have an adverse effect on our financial results, including our net sales, margins, gains and losses, as well as on the values of our assets and liabilities. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed by the effects of pandemics, epidemics, or other public health crises. We are subject to risks associated with public health crises, which have had and may have an adverse impact on certain aspects of our business in the future. The extent to which public health crises impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. These developments include, but are not limited to, actions taken to contain outbreaks or address their impact, the timing, distribution, and efficacy of treatments, and the imposition of government lockdowns, quarantine and physical distancing requirements. We are subject to various risks relating to international activities that could affect our overall profitability. We manufacture substantially all of our products outside the U.S. and sell a significant portion of our products outside the U.S. Sales in combined Europe, Asia and other regions accounted for approximately 36% and 36% of our net revenues in the -28- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES years ended June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively. Our sales and operations outside of the U.S. are subject to several difficulties and risks that are separate and distinct from those we face in the U.S., including: fluctuations in currency exchange rates; economic conditions such as inflation or recession; tariffs and other trade barriers; compliance with foreign medical device manufacturing regulations; difficulty in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; reduction in third-party payor reimbursement for our products; inability to obtain import licenses; the impact of public health epidemics/pandemics on the global economy; the impact of global geopolitical tensions and/or conflicts; changes in trade policies and in U.S. and foreign tax policies; possible changes in export or import restrictions; the modification or introduction of other governmental policies with potentially adverse effects; and limitations on our ability under local laws to protect our intellectual property. In December 2021, the U.S. adopted the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, or the UFLPA, which creates a rebuttable presumption that any goods, wares, articles, and merchandise mined, produced, or manufactured in whole or in part in the Xinjiang Uyghur Administrative Region of China, or that are produced by certain entities, are prohibited from importation into the U.S. and are not entitled to entry. These import restrictions came into effect in June 2022. Additionally, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in the implementation of sanctions by the U.S. and other governments against Russia and has caused significant volatility and disruptions globally. The conflict between Israel and Iran may lead to fluctuations in oil prices and global economic instability, resulting in higher supply and transportation costs. While we are not presently aware of any direct impacts these restrictions have had on our suppliers supply chains, disruptions resulting from the conflict in Iran and Ukraine and the UFLPA may materially and negatively impact our suppliers ability to obtain a sufficient supply of raw materials necessary to meet the quantity and/or timing of our product demands. Further, it is not possible to predict the short- and long-term implications of global conflict, which could include but are not limited to further sanctions, uncertainty about economic and political stability, increases in inflation rate and energy prices, cyber-attacks, supply chain challenges and adverse effects on currency exchange rates and financial markets. Our combined sales of medical devices into Iran, Russia and Ukraine did not constitute a material portion of our total revenue in fiscal year 2025. Further escalation of geopolitical tensions, or new geopolitical tensions, could have a broader impact that expands into other markets where we do business, which could adversely affect our business and/or our supply chain, business partners or customers in the broader region. We are continuing to monitor conflicts and geopolitical risks globally as well as assess the potential impact on our business. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our ability to increase or maintain our sales or otherwise have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our products are the subject of clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors, or other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable, or perceived as unfavorable, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As a part of the regulatory process to obtain marketing clearance or approval for new products and new indications for existing products, or for other reasons, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations, and trial endpoints. We, our competitors, or other third parties may also conduct clinical trials involving our commercially sold products. Clinical trials are very expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. The clinical trial process is also time consuming. Furthermore, failure can occur at any stage of the trials, and we could encounter problems that cause us to abandon or repeat clinical trials. The results of clinical trials may be unfavorable or -29- Table of Contents PART I Item 1A RESMED INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES inconsistent with previous findings or could identify safety signals associated with our products. Current or future clinical trials may not meet primary endpoints, may reveal disadvantages of our products and solutions for various countries we address, or could generate unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data. Clinical data, or purchasers or regulatory bodies perception of the clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain product clearances or approvals, and our position in, and share of, the countries in which we sell our products. Moreover, if these clinical trials identify serious safety issues associated with our products, potentially adverse consequences could result, including that regulatory authorities could withdraw clearances or approvals of our products, we could be required to halt the marketing and sales of our products or recall our products, we could be required to update our product labeling with additional warnings, we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients, and our reputation may suffer. Any of these could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to potential product liability claims that may exceed the scope and amount of our insurance coverage, which would expose us to liability for uninsured claims. We are subject to potential product liability claims as a result of the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could result in the increase of our product liability insurance rates. In addition, we would have to pay any amount awarded by a court outside of our policy limits. Our insurance policies have various exclusions, and thus we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no insurance coverage, requiring us to pay the entire amount of any award. We cannot assure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or that all claims brought against us will be covered by our insurance and we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain insurance in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. A successful product liability claim brought against us in excess of our insurance coverage, if any, may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could harm our business. We may also be affected by the product recalls and other risks associated with the products of our competitors if customers and patients are uncertain if issues affecting our competitors may also affect us. Our intellectual property may not protect our products, and/or our products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. We rely on a combination of owned and licensed patents, trade secrets and non-disclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain U.S. and foreign patent protection for our products, their uses and our processes to preserve our trade secrets and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. We have in the past and may in the future be required to license patents and other intellectual property rights owned by other parties. We have pending patent applications, and we do not know whether any patents will issue from any of these applications. We do not know whether any of the claims in our issued patents or pending applications will provide us with any significant protection against competitive products or otherwise be commercially valuable. Legal standards regarding the validity of patents and the proper scope of their claims are still evolving, and there is no globally consistent law or policy regarding the breadth of valid claims. Additionally, there may be third-party patents, patent applications and other intellectual property held by entities much larger than us, that are relevant to our products and technology which are not known to us and that block or compete with our products. We face the risks that: third parties will infringe our intellectual property rights; our non-disclosure agreements will be breached; we will not have adequate remedies for infringement; our trade secrets will become known to or independently developed by our competitors; third parties will be issued patents that may prevent the sale of our products or require us to license and pay fees or royalties in order for us to be able to market some of our products; or third parties may assert patents and other intellectual property rights against our suppliers, causing interruption in supply of components or other essential inputs. Litigation may be necessary to enforce patents issued to us, to protect our proprietary rights, or to defend third-party claims that we have infringed on proprietary rights of others. If the outcome of any litigation, proceeding or claim brought against us were adverse, we could be subject to significant liabilities to third parties, could be required to obtain licenses from third parties, could b