=== EOG_2026-03-27.htm.gz ===
EOG Resources, Inc. false 0000821189 DEF 14A 0000821189 eog:Mr.YacobMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 eog:Mr.YacobMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000821189 eog:Mr.YacobMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000821189 eog:Mr.YacobMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000821189 eog:Mr.YacobMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000821189 eog:Mr.ThomasMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000821189 2021-10-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 2021-01-01 2021-09-30 0000821189 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000821189 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000821189 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000821189 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000821189 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember eog:Mr.YacobMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember eog:Mr.YacobMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember eog:Mr.YacobMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember eog:Mr.YacobMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember eog:Mr.YacobMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember eog:Mr.YacobMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000821189 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:pure Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 EOG Resources, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders To our Stockholders: NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders ( Annual Meeting ) of EOG Resources, Inc. will be held in a virtual-only format, via live webcast. DATE TIME LOCATION - VIRTUAL RECORD DATE May 20, 2026 7:30 a.m. Central time www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EOG2026 March 23, 2026 Voting Matters At or before the Annual Meeting, we ask that you vote on the following items: Item Board Recommendation Page Reference To elect nine directors to hold office until the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified; Vote FOR each director nominee 12 To ratify the appointment by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as our auditors for the year ending December 31, 2026; Vote FOR 25 To hold a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation; and Vote FOR 62 To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof. Holders of record of our Common Stock as of the close of business on March 23, 2026 (the Record Date ) will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting and any adjournments thereof. Beginning on or about March 27, 2026, the company is mailing a Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ) to our stockholders of record as of the Record Date containing instructions on how to access the proxy materials (including our 2025 annual report) via the Internet, as well as instructions on voting shares via the Internet; provided, however, that those stockholders who have previously requested a printed copy of our proxy materials will receive a full set of such materials (including the proxy card) in lieu of the Notice of Internet Availability. The Notice of Internet Availability also contains instructions on how to request a printed copy of the proxy materials by mail or an electronic copy of the proxy materials by email. IMPORTANT: Stockholders will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. The Annual Meeting will be held at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EOG2026. To participate in, and vote at, the live webcast of the Annual Meeting, you must enter the 16-digit control number included in the Notice of Internet Availability, on your proxy card or in the voting instruction form provided to you with the proxy statement. By Order of the Board of Directors, Kelly H. Turner Corporate Secretary March 27, 2026 Table of Contents Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY 1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 4 Board of Directors 4 Committees of the Board 9 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 10 Stockholder Communications with the Board 10 Environmental, Safety, and Sustainability-Related Matters 10 Codes of Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines 11 PROPOSAL 1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 12 Director Nominees 12 Key Director Skills and Areas of Experience 13 Director Biographies 15 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION AND STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES 19 Director Compensation Table for 2025 20 VOTING RIGHTS AND PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS 21 Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 21 Stock Ownership of the Board and Management 22 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 23 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 24 PROPOSAL 2. RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF AUDITORS 25 General 25 Ratification of Appointment for 2026 26 COMPENSATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE REPORT 27 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 28 Executive Summary 29 Summary of Pay and Performance Alignment 30 Stockholder Engagement and 2025 Say-on-Pay Vote 30 Key Compensation Program Features 31 Compensation Objectives 32 Compensation Process 34 Executive Compensation Program for 2025 36 Other Compensation Programs and Policies 44 Other Compensation Matters 45 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 47 Summary Compensation Table 47 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table for 2025 48 Material Terms of Plan-Based Awards 48 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End Table 49 SAR Exercises and Restricted Stock/RSU and Performance Unit Vestings Table for 2025 50 Pension Benefits 50 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table for 2025 51 Employment Agreements 51 Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change of Control 52 Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change of Control Table 56 Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio 58 Pay-Versus-Performance Disclosure 59 PROPOSAL 3. NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 62 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS 63 Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and 2027 Proxy Materials 63 Nominations for 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and for Any Special Meetings of Stockholders 63 Other Stockholder Business for 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 64 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 65 GENERAL 67 ANNEX A 68 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 73 Table of Contents Proxy Summary The accompanying form of proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors ( Board ) of EOG Resources, Inc. ( EOG, we, us, our or company ) to be used at our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders ( Annual Meeting ) to be held in a virtual-only format, via live webcast, on Wednesday, May 20, 2026 at 7:30 a.m., Central Time. The proxy materials, including this proxy statement, the accompanying notice of annual meeting of stockholders and form of proxy and our 2025 annual report, are being first distributed and made available to our stockholders on or about March 27, 2026. Any stockholder giving a proxy may revoke it at any time provided written notice of the revocation is received by our Corporate Secretary (Kelly H. Turner) before the proxy is voted; otherwise, if received prior to the Annual Meeting, properly executed proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions specified on the proxy or, if no such instructions are given, in accordance with the recommendations of the Board described herein. Stockholders participating in the live webcast of the Annual Meeting may revoke their proxies and vote during the Annual Meeting via the meeting website. Whether or not you plan to participate in the live webcast of the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. We encourage you to vote and submit your proxy in advance of the Annual Meeting by one of the methods further discussed below. VIA THE INTERNET BY TELEPHONE BY MAIL Go to the website at www.proxyvote.com, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will need the control number that appears on your proxy card, in the Notice of Internet Availability (as defined below), or in the voting instruction form provided to you with this proxy statement. Follow the instructions on your proxy card. Sign and return the proxy card in the pre-paid envelope provided. You are entitled to participate in, and vote at, the live webcast of the Annual Meeting if you were a stockholder of record of our Common Stock as of the close of business on March 23, 2026 (the Record Date ). You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person. We believe the live-webcast format for the Annual Meeting will provide stockholders with a consistent experience and will allow you to participate in the Annual Meeting regardless of your location. The Annual Meeting will be held at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EOG2026. To participate in, and vote at, the live webcast of the Annual Meeting, you must enter the 16-digit control number included in the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice of Internet Availability ), on your proxy card, or in the voting instruction form provided to you with this proxy statement. Further, to vote during the Annual Meeting, click the Vote Now button on the meeting website and follow the instructions provided. Guests without a control number may also participate in the Annual Meeting, but will not be permitted to vote or submit questions. As part of the Annual Meeting, we will hold a live Q A session during which we intend, time permitting, to answer questions submitted that are pertinent to EOG s business and meeting matters. You will be able to submit questions beginning 30 minutes prior to, and during, the Annual Meeting by following the instructions available on the meeting website. Questions and answers may be grouped by topic and substantially similar questions will be grouped and answered once. Further, we reserve the right to edit or reject questions we deem inappropriate. Additional information regarding the rules and procedures for participating in the Annual Meeting will be set forth in our meeting rules of conduct, which will be available on the meeting website beginning 30 minutes prior to, and during, the Annual Meeting. You may log into the meeting website beginning at 7:00 a.m., Central Time, on May 20, 2026. Participants should ensure that they have a strong Wi-Fi connection wherever they intend to participate in the Annual Meeting. Participants should also give themselves plenty of time to log in and ensure that they can hear streaming audio prior to the start of the Annual Meeting. If you experience any technical difficulties accessing the meeting website, dial the toll-free technical support number posted on the meeting website log-in page for assistance. The meeting website is fully supported across browsers (Chrome, Edge, Firefox, and Safari) and devices (desktops, laptops and cell phones) running the most updated version of applicable software and plug-ins. 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 1 Table of Contents Proxy Summary If you are not able to participate in the Annual Meeting, a webcast playback will be available at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/EOG2026 approximately 24 hours after the completion of the Annual Meeting and for a period of 30 days thereafter. If you received a printed copy of the proxy materials, you also received a copy of our 2025 annual report, as required by United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules. Additional copies of our 2025 annual report (as well as copies of any of the exhibits to the Form 10-K included therein) are available without charge to stockholders upon written request to our Corporate Secretary (Kelly H. Turner) at EOG s principal executive offices at 1111 Bagby, Sky Lobby 2, Houston, Texas 77002, by calling our Corporate Secretary at (713) 651-7000 or via the Internet at www.eogresources.com. However, the 2025 annual report does not constitute a part of, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, this proxy statement or the accompanying form of proxy. Further, no other reports, documents or websites that are cited or referred to in this proxy statement shall be deemed to form part of, or to be incorporated by reference into, this proxy statement. In addition to solicitation by mail, certain of our officers and employees (or a duly appointed representative of EOG) may solicit the return of proxies personally or by telephone, electronic mail, or facsimile. The cost of any solicitation of proxies will be borne by us. Arrangements may also be made with brokerage firms and other custodians, nominees, and fiduciaries for the forwarding of materials to, and solicitation of proxies from, the beneficial owners of our Common Stock held of record as of the Record Date by such persons. We will reimburse such brokerage firms, custodians, nominees, and fiduciaries for the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with any such activities. In some cases, one paper copy of this proxy statement and the accompanying notice of annual meeting of stockholders and the 2025 annual report is being delivered to multiple stockholders sharing an address, at the request of such stockholders. We will deliver promptly, upon written or oral request, an additional paper copy of this proxy statement, the accompanying notice of annual meeting of stockholders and/or the 2025 annual report to such a stockholder at a shared address to which a single paper copy of such document was delivered. Stockholders sharing an address who receive multiple printed copies of our proxy materials and who wish to receive a single printed copy of our proxy materials may also submit requests for delivery of a single paper copy of this proxy statement or the accompanying notice of annual meeting of stockholders or the 2025 annual report, but, in such event, will still receive separate forms of proxy for each account. To request separate or single delivery of these materials now or in the future, a stockholder may submit a written request to our Corporate Secretary (Kelly H. Turner) at our principal executive offices at 1111 Bagby, Sky Lobby 2, Houston, Texas 77002, or a stockholder may make a request by calling our Corporate Secretary at (713) 651-7000. A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for inspection at our principal executive offices, for any purpose germane to the Annual Meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of 10 days prior to the Annual Meeting. The mailing address of our principal executive offices is 1111 Bagby, Sky Lobby 2, Houston, Texas 77002. 2 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy Summary IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON MAY 20, 2026 This proxy statement, the accompanying notice of annual meeting of stockholders and form of proxy and our 2025 annual report are available via the Internet at www.proxyvote.com. Pursuant to SEC rules related to the Internet availability of proxy materials, we have elected to provide access to our proxy materials on the Internet instead of mailing a printed copy of the proxy materials to each stockholder of record. Therefore, stockholders will not receive printed copies of the proxy materials unless they request (or have previously requested) such form of delivery. Accordingly, beginning on or about March 27, 2026, we are mailing a Notice of Internet Availability to our stockholders of record as of the Record Date (but excluding those stockholders who have previously requested a printed copy of our proxy materials) in lieu of mailing the printed proxy materials. Instructions on how to access the proxy materials via the Internet, on voting shares via the Internet and on how to request a printed or electronic copy of the proxy materials may be found in the Notice of Internet Availability. All stockholders will have the option to access our proxy materials on the website referred to above. Printed copies of the proxy materials will be provided upon request at no charge. Stockholders may request to receive future proxy materials in printed form by mail or electronically by email on an ongoing basis, which request will remain in effect until the stockholder terminates such request. Stockholders who do not expect to participate in the live webcast of the Annual Meeting are encouraged to vote in advance of the Annual Meeting via the Internet using the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability or, if you received a printed copy of the proxy materials (which includes the proxy card), by signing and returning the proxy card in the pre-paid envelope provided or by voting via the Internet or by phone using the instructions provided on the proxy card or in the voting instruction form provided to you with this proxy statement. 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 3 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Board of Directors Board Composition In evaluating the composition of our Board and Board committees and considering individual director nominees and Board committee appointments, our Nominating, Governance and Sustainability Committee ( Nominating Committee ) seeks to achieve a balance of knowledge, experience, and capability on the Board and Board committees and to identify individuals who can effectively assist EOG in achieving our short-term and long- term goals, protecting our stockholders interests and creating and enhancing value for our stockholders. In so doing, the Nominating Committee considers, among other things, a person s attributes (e.g., professional experience, skills, and background) as a whole and does not necessarily attribute greater weight to any single attribute. In evaluating prospective candidates, the Nominating Committee also considers whether the individual has personal and professional integrity, good business judgment, and relevant experience and skills as well as other credentials and qualifications, including, but not limited to, the credentials and qualifications set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines with respect to director age, director independence, and director service on the boards of directors of other public companies. In addition, the Nominating Committee will consider whether such individual is willing and able to commit the time necessary for Board and Board committee service. The Nominating Committee also evaluates each individual in the context of the Board as a whole, with the objective of recommending individuals who can best perpetuate the success of our business and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound business judgment using their experience in various areas. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available at www.eogresources.com/company/board-of-directors, mandate that: the Nominating Committee shall annually evaluate and determine whether it is appropriate for any director having reached 80 years of age to stand for re-election as a director of the company at the end of his or her current term; at least three-fifths of our directors must meet the criteria for independence required by the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ), the SEC, and our bylaws; and no non-employee director may serve on the board of directors of more than four other public companies, and our CEO may not serve on the board of directors of more than two other public companies. We believe our current directors possess varied professional experiences, skills, and backgrounds, in addition to (among other characteristics) high standards of personal and professional ethics, proven records of success in their respective fields, and, collectively, valuable knowledge of our business and of the oil and gas industry. Key skills and areas of experience our directors bring to the Board are illustrated in the skills and experience matrix set forth under Proposal 1. Election of Directors below. In addition, we believe our director nominees reflect an appropriate balance between newer and longer-tenured directors. The charts below reflect the demographics and tenure of our director nominees as of May 20, 2026 (the date of our Annual Meeting). Assuming all of our director nominees are elected, the average tenure of our directors as of May 20, 2026 will be 8.4 years. BOARD DEMOGRAPHICS BOARD TENURE Minority representation on the Board is 11% 4 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Board and Committee Evaluation Process Our Board recognizes that a robust evaluation process is an essential component of good corporate governance and Board effectiveness. Our Board and Board committees each conduct an annual self-evaluation to determine whether the Board and the committees are functioning effectively. The Nominating Committee is responsible for overseeing the Board s annual self-evaluation. As part of its self-evaluation, each Board committee annually reviews and reassesses the adequacy of its responsibilities and recommends any proposed changes to the Board for approval. The annual self-evaluation processes facilitate constructive feedback and discussion at all levels of the Board, including with respect to Board composition and refreshment, and help enhance the Board s overall effectiveness and efficiency. Board Refreshment Our Board recognizes that periodic refreshment can help ensure that (i) fresh ideas and viewpoints are available to our Board and (ii) our Board composition appropriately serves EOG s current and evolving strategic and operational needs. Accordingly, in the last five years, we have appointed three new directors to our Board: Mr. Yacob (in 2021), Ms. Dugle (in 2023), and Mr. Chandler (in 2025). As set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board believes that fixed term limits for directors may result in EOG losing the valuable contributions and insights of our longer-tenured directors who develop, over time, in-depth knowledge of our business, operations, strategy and policies and, as a result, continue to make important contributions to our Board and Board committees. While EOG does not have a mandatory retirement age for directors, any director having reached 80 years of age shall discuss with the Chairman of the Board and the Nominating Committee, and the Nominating Committee shall affirmatively determine, whether it is appropriate for such director to stand for re-election at the end of his or her current term. As an alternative to term limits for directors, the Nominating Committee annually reviews each director s continuation on the Board and regularly assesses the appropriate size of the Board. Our Board and the Nominating Committee also regularly review the composition, performance, and skill sets of the Board and Board committees. In addition, in evaluating each director s time commitments overall, our Board and the Nominating Committee consider each director s service on other boards (if any) with a view to the numerical limitations on other board service set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and described above. In deciding the Board s priorities for further refreshment, our Board and the Nominating Committee take into account, among other factors, the results of the Board and Board committee self-evaluations; the current composition of the Board; the areas of experience and skill sets of our directors; and the attributes of potential director candidates. The Board and the Nominating Committee also actively seek to create a pipeline of individuals qualified to become Board members, including candidates with varied backgrounds, skills, and areas of experience. The Nominating Committee uses a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating director nominees and considers various potential candidates for directorships. Candidates may come to the attention of the Nominating Committee through current or former directors, members of executive management, other sources of referral, or EOG s contacts in the business and other professional communities. These candidates may be evaluated at regular or special meetings of the Nominating Committee and may be considered at any point during the year. In addition, when appropriate and at its discretion, the Nominating Committee may retain a search firm to assist in identifying candidates for consideration by the Board and the Nominating Committee consistent with the process set forth in the Nominating Committee Charter and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. In addition, the Nominating Committee will consider nominees recommended by stockholders in accordance with the procedures outlined under Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations Nominations for 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and for Any Special Meetings of Stockholders below. The Nominating Committee will evaluate such nominees according to the same criteria, and in the same manner, as any other director nominee. While our Board has no current plans to increase its size, if the Board determines that it is appropriate to add a director, the Nominating Committee will take into account each candidate s professional experience, skills and background, the credentials and qualifications set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the other attributes and factors described above, in evaluating candidates. 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 5 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Director Independence The Board has affirmatively determined that eight of our nine current directors, namely Mses. Clark, Dugle, and Robertson and Messrs. Chandler, Crisp, Daniels, Gaut, and Kerr, have no direct or indirect material relationship with EOG and thus meet the criteria for independence of Article III, Section 12 of our bylaws, which are available on our website at www.eogresources.com/company/board-of-directors, as well as the independence requirements of the NYSE and the SEC. In assessing director independence, the Board considered, among other matters, the nature and extent of any business relationships, including any transactions conducted, between EOG and each director, EOG and an immediate family member of a director, and EOG and any organization for which one of our directors or an immediate family member is a director, executive officer or is otherwise affiliated. Specifically, the Board considered, among other things, any transactions in connection with the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas, such as payments for midstream services (i.e., gathering, processing, and transportation related services) or oilfield services (including related equipment and supplies) and any payments for crude oil and natural gas, between EOG and entities engaged in certain aspects of the oil and gas business with which one of our directors is a director or is otherwise directly or indirectly affiliated, any payments or contributions to not-for-profit entities (such as charitable organizations) with which one of our directors or an immediate family member is affiliated, and any relationships (employment, contractual or otherwise) between EOG and immediate family members of directors. Except with respect to Mr. Yacob, the Board has determined that all such relationships and transactions that it considered were not material relationships or transactions with EOG and did not impair the independence of our directors. The Board has determined that Mr. Yacob is not independent because he is our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ). Meetings The Board held 11 meetings during the year ended December 31, 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and Board committees on which the director served. Our directors are expected to attend our annual meeting of stockholders. All of our then-current directors attended our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Executive Sessions of Non-Employee Directors Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that all non-employee directors will meet in executive session at least quarterly, and the presiding director will preside at such sessions. The presiding director also has the authority to call, and establish the agenda for, additional meetings of the non-employee directors. Our non-employee directors held eight executive sessions during the year ended December 31, 2025. Mses. Clark, Dugle, and Robertson and Messrs. Crisp, Daniels, Gaut, and Kerr attended each of the eight executive sessions. Mr. Chandler attended the one executive session held following his appointment to the Board (effective December 10, 2025). Mr. Daniels (i) was appointed by the non-employee directors as the presiding director for the executive sessions in 2025 and (ii) has been appointed by the non-employee directors as the presiding director for executive sessions in 2026 as well. As discussed below, the presiding director is elected annually by and from the non-employee directors of our Board. Board Leadership Structure The Board does not have a policy on whether or not the roles of Chairman of the Board and CEO should be separate or combined and, if they are to be separate, whether the Chairman of the Board should be selected from the non-employee directors or be an employee. The directors serving on our Board possess considerable professional and industry experience, significant and varied experience as directors of both public and private companies, and a unique knowledge of the challenges and opportunities that EOG faces. As such, the Board believes that it is in the best position to evaluate the needs of EOG and to determine how best to organize EOG s leadership structure to meet those needs. 6 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance The Board believes that the most effective leadership structure for EOG at the present time is for Mr. Yacob to serve as both Chairman of the Board and CEO. This model makes clear that the Chairman of the Board and CEO is responsible for managing our business, under the oversight and review of our Board. This structure also enables our CEO to act as a bridge between management and the Board, helping both to act with a common purpose. Further, we believe that combining the roles of Chairman of the Board and CEO enhances the Board s administration of its risk oversight function because, through his role as Chairman of the Board, and based on his experience with the daily management of our business as our CEO and previously as our President and in other leadership positions, Mr. Yacob provides the Board with valuable insight on risk oversight. Mr. Yacob has been our Chairman of the Board and CEO since October 2022 and has been at EOG for over 20 years. Prior to becoming our Chairman of the Board and CEO, Mr. Yacob had served as CEO of the company from October 2021 through September 2022, and as President of the company from January 2021 through September 2021. Prior to January 2021, Mr. Yacob served in various leadership positions at EOG, including leadership positions in our Houston, Texas headquarters office and leadership positions in our Fort Worth, Texas and Midland, Texas offices, where he was instrumental in EOG s successful exploration, development and exploitation of various key resource plays. Independent Oversight The Board believes that there is substantial independent oversight of EOG s management and a strong counterbalancing governance structure in place, as demonstrated by the following: An independent presiding director The presiding director is elected annually by and from the independent, non-employee directors of our Board. Our Board believes that the presiding director serves a valuable role in the overall leadership of the Board by providing additional oversight of our management. The presiding director has clearly defined leadership authority and responsibilities, which are described in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and which include: presiding at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman of the Board is not present as well as at executive sessions of the non-employee directors; serving as liaison between the Chairman of the Board and our other executive officers and our non-employee directors; briefing our Chairman of the Board and other executive officers, as needed or appropriate, on matters discussed in the executive sessions; and leading the Board s annual self-evaluation. Our presiding director establishes the agenda for the executive sessions of the non-employee directors and has the authority to call, and establish the agenda for, additional meetings of the non-employee directors. In addition, our presiding director is afforded direct and complete access to our CEO at any time as the presiding director deems necessary or appropriate, and he is available for direct communication with our stockholders as described under Stockholder Communications with the Board below. A substantial majority of independent directors Eight of our current nine directors meet the criteria for independence required by the NYSE, the SEC, and our bylaws; only Mr. Yacob is deemed not independent. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines also provide that at least three-fifths of our directors must meet such independence criteria. Key committees comprised solely of independent directors Our Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Resources Committee ( Compensation Committee ), and Nominating Committee are each comprised solely of independent directors. Non-employee directors meet regularly Our non-employee directors typically meet in executive session without our employee director (Mr. Yacob) at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. Our non-employee directors held eight executive sessions during the year ended December 31, 2025. As noted above, such executive sessions are chaired by the independent presiding director. Annual director elections Our stockholders provide balance to the corporate governance process in that each year each director is elected pursuant to the majority voting provisions in our bylaws. Our stockholders may also communicate directly with the presiding director or any other director, as described under Stockholder Communications with the Board below. 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 7 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Role of Board and Board Committees in Risk Oversight Our Board retains primary responsibility for risk oversight and, in overseeing our enterprise risk management, is assisted by our Audit Committee. To help ensure that the Board has a broad view of our overall risk management program, the Board regularly reviews our long-term strategic plans. The principal issues and risks that we may face in executing those plans are evaluated along with the processes through which we identify, assess, manage, and mitigate risks. Our Board committees consider specific areas of risk inherent in their respective areas of oversight and report to the full Board regarding their activities. For example, our Audit Committee periodically discusses with management our major financial and other risk exposures and the steps management has taken to assess, monitor, and manage such exposures. In addition, as part of its oversight responsibility, our Audit Committee oversees our policies, strategies, and initiatives for mitigating cybersecurity and information technology risks and receives reports from our management, including the assessments performed regarding EOG s cybersecurity technologies, controls, and procedures. Our Compensation Committee incorporates risk considerations, including any risks that may be presented by our compensation and human capital management strategies, policies, and practices, as it evaluates the performance of our CEO and other executive officers, determines our executive and director compensation arrangements, and evaluates our compensation policies and practices and other human capital management matters. Our Nominating Committee focuses on issues relating to Board and Board committee composition and provides oversight with respect to environmental compliance, safety, and sustainability-related matters as well as our trade association and political activities. To assist our Board and Board committees in carrying out their oversight responsibilities, members of our management, as part of our overall risk management program, regularly report to the Board and our Board committees on areas of risk to our company. For example, to assist our Board and Board committees in carrying out their oversight responsibilities with respect to environmental and safety-related matters, members of our management report on our safety and environmental performance, climate-related scenario analyses, sustainability disclosures, and stakeholder feedback on environmental and safety matters and other issues, in addition to reviewing trends and other industry information. Director Orientation and Continuing Education In accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, all new EOG directors participate in a company orientation program promptly after his or her election or appointment to our Board. Such orientation includes presentations by our senior management to familiarize new directors with our business and operations; our corporate governance structure and related policies; financial, accounting, internal audit, legal, and financial reporting matters (including our risk management and compliance programs and policies); our investor relations and stakeholder engagement functions; and human capital management/human resources matters (including our compensation policies and practices). Members of our senior management also present and discuss emerging topics with the Board throughout the year, including regulatory and corporate governance developments, risk management-related topics and environmental and safety matters. Such continuing director education also includes outside speakers on selected topics, and we make available news articles and analyst publications relevant to EOG and the exploration and production industry to our directors on a periodic basis. In addition, our directors are invited to our annual management conference, at which our operations and headquarters personnel present on various topics relevant to EOG s business and operations. In addition, our Board encourages directors to pursue external continuing education opportunities with respect to the responsibilities of directors of public companies. As is stated in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, we will reimburse directors for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such external continuing education. 8 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Committees of the Board The Board has three standing committees: Nominating; Compensation; and Audit. Prior to December 11, 2025, each Board committee was composed of all of our non-employee directors, each of whom also met the applicable independence requirements for purposes of serving on such committees. Beginning on December 11, 2025, the Board determined that each Board committee will be composed exclusively of three independent directors. In the Board s view, this committee structure provides for more flexibility in scheduling meetings, better alignment with peer practices and closer pairing of certain director skills and experiences with committee responsibilities, all while otherwise meeting the applicable SEC and NYSE requirements for board committee composition. The current members of the Nominating Committee, Compensation Committee, and Audit Committee are set forth in the table below. The charter for each committee of the Board identified below is available on our website at www.eogresources.com/company/board-of-directors. Copies of the committee charters are also available upon written request to our Corporate Secretary (Kelly H. Turner). The table below describes each committee s membership, as well as each committee s primary responsibilities and meetings held in 2025. NOMINATING, GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE NUMBER OF MEETINGS HELD 5 Primary Responsibilities identify individuals qualified to become Board members, consistent with criteria approved by the Board recommend to the Board the director nominees for our next annual meeting of stockholders recommend to the Board director nominees (including chairpersons) for each of our Board committees provide oversight and guidance with respect to environmental compliance, safety and sustainability-related matters, and our annual Sustainability Report develop and recommend to the Board our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide oversight with respect to our trade association and political activities Members Lynn Dugle (Chair) Charles Crisp Julie Robertson COMPENSATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE NUMBER OF MEETINGS HELD 4 Primary Responsibilities approval and evaluation of the compensation arrangements for our executive officers and directors and our related plans, policies, and programs review the disclosures in our Compensation Discussion and Analysis and provide the annual Compensation and Human Resources Committee Report, both of which are included in this proxy statement administration of our stock compensation plans oversight and review of the company s human capital management matters and related strategies, programs, policies, and procedures review the relationship between our risk management policies and compensation policies and practices and make a determination as to whether any of our compensation policies or practices expose us to risks Members (a) Michael Kerr (Chair) Robert Daniels Julie Robertson (a) All of the members of the Compensation Committee qualify as Non-Employee Directors under Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, Exchange Act ). 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 9 Table of Contents Corporate Governance AUDIT COMMITTEE NUMBER OF MEETINGS HELD 8 Primary Responsibilities provide oversight of: our financial reporting and disclosure processes and system of internal controls, the audits and reviews of our financial statements, the performance of our internal audit function and our oil and gas reserves determination process, including the engagement of, and performance of, our independent petroleum consultants appoint, compensate, and oversee our independent auditors, including evaluating the qualifications, performance, and independence of our independent auditors oversight of our enterprise risk management and our guidelines and policies with respect to business conduct and ethics and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements review and approval of the annual Report of the Audit Committee that is included in this proxy statement Members (a) Christopher Gaut (b) (Chair) John Chandler (b) Janet Clark (b) (a) The Board has selected the members of the Audit Committee based on the Board s determination that the members are each financially literate in satisfaction of the NYSE requirement for listed company audit committee members. (b) Indicates accounting or related financial management expertise in accordance with the requirements of the NYSE and designation by the Board as an audit committee financial expert (as defined in the SEC rules). Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members of the Compensation Committee (including current members and those who had served on such committee at any time during 2025) is a current or former officer or employee of EOG. During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of our executive officers served as a director or member of the compensation committee (or other committee of the board performing equivalent functions) of another entity where an executive officer of such entity served as a director of EOG or on our Compensation Committee. Stockholder Communications with the Board Pursuant to the process adopted by the Board, our stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with members of the Board by submitting such communications in writing to our Corporate Secretary (Kelly H. Turner), who, upon receipt of any communication other than one that is clearly marked Confidential, will note the date the communication was received in a log established for that purpose, open the communication, make a copy of it for our files, and promptly forward the communication to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. Upon receipt of any communication that is clearly marked Confidential, our Corporate Secretary will not open the communication, but will note the date the communication was received in a log established for that purpose and promptly forward the communication to the director(s) to whom it is addressed. Further information regarding this process can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com/company/board-of-directors. Our stockholders and other interested parties can also communicate directly with the presiding director for the executive sessions of the non-employee directors, or the non-employee directors as a group, using the same procedure outlined above for general communications with the Board, except any such communication should be addressed to the presiding director or to the non-employee directors as a group, as appropriate. Environmental, Safety, and Sustainability-Related Matters Engagement with Stockholders EOG is committed to open, collaborative communications with our stockholders, transparency, and providing our stockholders with the ability to effectively voice their opinions and provide feedback. We engage in substantive, collaborative discussions and correspondence with various EOG stockholders regarding a range of environmental, safety, and sustainability-related topics as well as other topics, such as our community engagement activities and human capital management initiatives. In addition, we have maintained a productive, ongoing dialogue with our investors regarding our public disclosures addressing such topics. EOG intends to continue engaging in such discussions and correspondence with our stockholders and to periodically update and expand our related public disclosures, as needed. 10 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance 2024 Sustainability Report Our 2024 Sustainability Report, published in October 2025, details our 2024 activities and accomplishments, including achieving our near-term emissions targets, and areas of focus moving forward. The report also reflects our ongoing commitment to transparency and enhancing our environmental, safety, and sustainability-related disclosures. The subjects featured highlight EOG s decentralized structure and focus on enabling innovation. Our 2024 Sustainability Report reflects the contributions of many employees across multiple functions throughout the company and, we believe, is a great example of EOG s multi-disciplinary teamwork, culture, and our commitment to sustainability. Our 2024 Sustainability Report and our 2024 EEO-1 report are each available in the Sustainability section of our corporate website. Our 2025 Sustainability Report (to be published in the second half of 2026) will contain updated narrative and quantitative disclosures regarding our environmental, safety, and sustainability-related activities undertaken in 2025. 2026 Safety and Environmental Goals for Executive Compensation As further discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section below, as part of our compensation program, EOG s executive officers are eligible to receive annual bonuses under the EOG Resources, Inc. Second Amended and Restated Annual Bonus Plan ( Annual Bonus Plan ) based on the achievement of financial, strategic, operational, and organizational goals established by the Compensation Committee. These goals have historically included goals focused on our continued commitment to strong safety and environmental performance, including, beginning with our goals for 2020 and based on stockholder feedback, a separately weighted safety and environmental goal based on specified performance metrics. The separately weighted safety and environmental goals established for 2025 encompassed our total recordable incident rate, severity index rate, safety leadership program attendance, oil spill and oil recovery rates, GHG and flaring emissions intensity rates, methane emissions percentage, and wellhead gas capture rate, in each case with specified target performance as further discussed in the Annual Bonus discussion below, and with the safety performance metrics collectively weighted 7.5% and the environmental performance metrics collectively weighted 7.5%. To evaluate our 2026 performance, the Compensation Committee has again established separate safety and environmental goals, each weighted 7.5%, based on specified performance metrics. The safety performance metrics include our total recordable incident rate, lost time incident rate, severity index rate, safety leadership program attendance, and number of engineered safety solutions, and the environmental performance metrics include our oil spill and oil recovery rates, GHG and flaring emissions intensity rates, methane emissions percentage, and wellhead gas capture rate. Please see the Glossary of Terms included in Annex A for definitions of certain of the terms used above. Codes of Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines Pursuant to NYSE and SEC rules, we have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ( Code of Conduct ) that applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, and a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers ( Code of Ethics ) that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, and controllers. You can access our Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics on our website at www.eogresources.com/company/board-of-directors, and any stockholder who so requests may obtain a copy of our Code of Conduct or Code of Ethics by submitting a written request to our Corporate Secretary (Kelly H. Turner). We intend to disclose any amendments to our Code of Conduct or Code of Ethics and any waivers with respect to our Code of Conduct or Code of Ethics granted to our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, our principal accounting officer, any of our controllers or any of our other employees performing similar functions on our website at www.eogresources.com within four business days after the amendment or waiver. In such case, the disclosure regarding the amendment or waiver will remain available on our website for at least 12 months after the disclosure. There have been no waivers granted with respect to our Code of Conduct or our Code of Ethics to any such officers or employees or to any of our directors. Further, we have adopted, pursuant to NYSE rules, Corporate Governance Guidelines, which may be accessed on our website at www.eogresources.com/company/board-of-directors. Any stockholder may obtain a copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines by submitting a written request to our Corporate Secretary. 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 11 Table of Contents Proposal 1. Election of Directors Our Board recommends a vote FOR each Director Nominee Director Nominees John D. Chandler | 56 Independent Director Since: 2025 Other Public Company Boards: 2 Board Committees: A Janet F. Clark | 71 Independent Director Since: 2014 Other Public Company Boards: 1 Board Committees: A Charles R. Crisp | 78 Independent Director Since: 2002 Other Public Company Boards: 1 Board Committees: NGS Robert P. Daniels | 67 Independent Director Since: 2017 Other Public Company Boards: 0 Board Committees: CHR Lynn A. Dugle | 66 Independent Director Since: 2023 Other Public Company Boards: 3 Board Committees: NGS (Chair) C. Christopher Gaut | 69 Independent Director Since: 2017 Other Public Company Boards: 0 Board Committees: A (Chair) Michael T. Kerr | 66 Independent Director Since: 2020 Other Public Company Boards: 1 Board Committees: CHR (Chair) Julie J. Robertson | 70 Independent Director Since: 2019 Other Public Company Boards: 2 Board Committees: NGS, CHR Ezra Y. Yacob | 49 Non-Independent Director Since: 2021 Other Public Company Boards: 0 Board Committees: 0 A: Audit Committee CHR: Compensation and Human Resources Committee NGS: Nominating, Governance and Sustainability Committee 12 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal 1. Election of Directors At the Annual Meeting, nine directors are to be elected to hold office until the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified (or until such director s earlier resignation, removal, or death). All of the nominees are current directors. Our director nominees bring a wealth and variety of relevant experience, skills, and viewpoints to the Board. Below are descriptions of certain key skills and areas of experience that we believe are relevant to our business along with a matrix setting forth the skills and areas of experience possessed by each of our director nominees. Key Director Skills and Areas of Experience CHANDLER CLARK CRISP DANIELS DUGLE GAUT KERR ROBERTSON YACOB Executive Management Has a demonstrated record of leadership and valuable perspectives on issues affecting large and complex organizations Financial Reporting, Accounting Finance Has an understanding of, and experience with, financial reporting and accounting matters and capital markets matters (both debt and equity) relevant to a large, publicly traded company Energy Industry Contributes valuable perspective on issues specific to our operations in the oil and gas industry Corporate Governance Risk Management Has an understanding of, and experience with, the roles of corporate strategy and risk management necessary for organizational performance International Provides valuable insights into the international aspects of our business and operations Governmental Regulatory Has an understanding of the effect governmental and regulatory actions and decisions may have on our business Environmental, Health Safety Strengthens the Board s oversight and understanding of the interrelationship between environmental and safety matters and our operational activities and strategy Human Resources Compensation Has an understanding of compensation factors and components that influence the attraction, motivation, and retention of a talented workforce Civic, Community Charitable Organizations Contributes to a better understanding of sustainable engagements with the communities in which we do business Technical, Geologic, and Engineering Education background brings an understanding of technical, geologic, and engineering disciplines necessary for the identification of our exploration plays and development of our prospect inventory Information Technology Contributes to the Board s understanding of innovative information technology applications utilized in our operations and business 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 13 Table of Contents Proposal 1. Election of Directors As previously discussed, the charts below reflect the demographics and tenure of our director nominees as of May 20, 2026 (the date of our Annual Meeting). Assuming all of our director nominees are elected, the average tenure of our directors as of May 20, 2026 will be 8.4 years. BOARD DEMOGRAPHICS BOARD TENURE Minority representation on the Board is 11% We believe that our director nominees possess high standards of personal and professional ethics, character, integrity, and values; an inquisitive and objective perspective; practical wisdom; mature judgment; varied professional experiences, skills, and backgrounds; a proven record of success in their respective fields; and, collectively, valuable knowledge of our business and of the oil and gas industry. Further, each of our director nominees is willing and able to devote sufficient time to carrying out his or her duties and responsibilities as a director effectively and is committed to serving EOG and our stockholders. Set forth below, in each director nominee s biographical information, is additional discussion of the specific experience, qualifications, and skills attributable to such nominee that led the Board, as of the date of this proxy statement, to its conclusion that the nominee should serve as a director of EOG. Director nominee ages and biographical information set forth below are as of February 28, 2026. A majority of the votes cast in person or by proxy by the holders of our Common Stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting is required to elect a nominee. Under our bylaws, (1) a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted FOR a nominee s election exceeds 50% of the number of votes cast with respect to that nominee s election and (2) votes cast shall include votes FOR and AGAINST and exclude abstentions with respect to that nominee s election. Therefore, abstentions and broker non-votes (which occur if a broker or other nominee does not have discretionary authority and has not received instructions with respect to a particular director nominee within 10 days of the Annual Meeting) will not be counted in determining the number of votes cast with respect to that nominee s election. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, any nominee for director who fails to receive a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting must, promptly following certification of the stockholder vote, tender his or her resignation to the Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee (excluding, if applicable, the nominee who tendered the resignation) will evaluate the resignation in light of the best interests of the company and our stockholders in determining whether to accept or reject the resignation or take other action. The Nominating Committee will make a recommendation to the Board, which will then act on the tendered resignation and publicly disclose its decision and rationale within 90 days following certification of the stockholder vote. Properly executed proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions specified on the proxy; if no such instructions are given, the persons named as agents and proxies in the accompanying form of proxy will vote such proxy FOR the election of the nominees named herein. Should any nominee become unavailable for election, discretionary authority is conferred to the persons named as agents and proxies in the accompanying form of proxy to vote for a substitute. Pursuant to our bylaws, the Board has set the number of directors that shall constitute the Board at nine. Accordingly, proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named on the accompanying form of proxy, and stockholders may not cumulate their votes in the election of directors. 14 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal 1. Election of Directors Director Biographies Mr. Chandler has more than 30 years of experience in the energy industry, predominantly in financial leadership and business development roles. Mr. Chandler served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for The Williams Companies, Inc. ( Williams ), a publicly traded energy infrastructure provider focused on the gathering, processing, transportation, and storage of natural gas, from 2017 until his retirement in 2022. From 2002 until his retirement in 2014, Mr. Chandler served as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer for Magellan Midstream Partners (a then-publicly traded limited partnership focused on the transportation, storage and distribution of refined petroleum products and crude oil) and, from 1992 to 2002, held various positions of increasing responsibility at Williams and at MAPCO Inc., including financial and strategic planning and accounting roles. Mr. Chandler currently serves as the Chairman of the Board and a member of the Strategy Committee of Matrix Services Company, a publicly traded specialty engineering and construction contractor for the energy and industrial markets, where he has been a director since 2017. Mr. Chandler has also served as a director for LSB Industries, Inc., a publicly traded ammonia manufacturer, since 2024, and is currently the Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Chandler previously served as a director of the following public companies between 2013 and 2017: Green Plains Partners LP, a provider of fuel storage and transportation services (including Audit Committee service), Cone Midstream Partners LP, a provider of natural gas gathering and other midstream energy services (including Audit Committee service) and USA Compression Partners, LP, a provider of natural gas compression services (including service as Audit Committee chairman). John D. Chandler Age: 56 Director since: 2025 Ms. Clark has extensive leadership and financial experience, having most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Marathon Oil Corporation ( Marathon ) from January 2007 until her retirement in October 2013. Prior to that, she was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Marathon from January 2004 to January 2007. From 2001 through 2003, Ms. Clark served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nuevo Energy Company and, from 1997 until 2000, she held various roles at Santa Fe Snyder Corporation, including Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Administration. Ms. Clark is also a director of Texas Instruments Incorporated (since 2015), a publicly traded global semiconductor design and manufacturing company, where she serves as Lead Director and Chair of the Audit Committee. Ms. Clark is also a member of the Board of Directors of Resources for the Future (since 2021), an independent, nonprofit research institution based in Washington, D.C. whose mission is to improve environmental, energy and natural resource decisions through impartial economic research and policy engagement. From 2015 to 2018, Ms. Clark served as a director of Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc., a specialty finance company and regulated management investment company, where she served as a member of the Audit, Compliance, Compensation, Contract Review, and Governance and Nominating Committees. Ms. Clark also previously served as a director of Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC, a regulated investment company and business development company, from 2016 to 2018. In addition, Ms. Clark served on the Board of Directors and Audit Committee of Dell Inc. from September 2011 to October 2013, including service as chairperson of the Audit Committee during 2013. Ms. Clark also served on the Board of Directors of Exterran Holdings, Inc. (and its predecessor company, Universal Compression Holdings, Inc.) from 2003 until 2011, including service as Audit Committee chairperson from 2004 to 2011. Janet F. Clark Age: 71 Director since: 2014 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 15 Table of Contents Proposal 1. Election of Directors Mr. Crisp began his career in the oil and gas industry over 50 years ago with Conoco Inc. and has held senior management positions with numerous energy companies, including (i) Coral Energy, LLC, a subsidiary of Shell Oil Company, where he served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1999 until his retirement in November 2000 and as President and Chief Operating Officer from 1998 to 1999; (ii) Houston Industries Incorporated, where he served as President of the power generation group from 1996 to 1998; and (iii) Tejas Gas Corporation, a major intrastate natural gas pipeline company, where he served as President, Chief Operating Officer, and a director from 1988 to 1996. Mr. Crisp has also accumulated over 20 years of experience as a director of publicly traded energy companies. Mr. Crisp is currently a director of Targa Resources Corp. (since 2005), a provider of midstream natural gas and natural gas liquids services, where he currently serves on the Sustainability and Nominating and Governance Committees. Mr. Crisp served as a director of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. ( ICE ) from 2002 to 2022, including service on the Compensation and Audit Committees. ICE is an operator of regulated exchanges, trading platforms and clearing houses. Mr. Crisp continues to serve as a director of four of ICE s wholly owned subsidiaries. In addition, Mr. Crisp served as a director of Southern Company Gas (formerly, AGL Resources Inc.) from 2016 to 2023. Southern Company Gas is a wholly owned subsidiary of Southern Company and a leading provider of natural gas and electric utilities. Mr. Crisp also served on the Board of Directors of AGL Resources Inc. (a then-publicly traded company providing natural gas distribution and marketing services) from 2003 to 2016, where he also served as a member of the Compensation Committee and Executive Committee and as chairperson of the Finance and Risk Management Committee. In 2016, AGL Resources Inc. was acquired by, and became a wholly owned subsidiary of, Southern Company. Charles R. Crisp Age: 78 Director since: 2002 Mr. Daniels has extensive experience in the oil and gas exploration and production industry. Mr. Daniels served in various senior management positions during his 32 year career with Anadarko Petroleum Corporation ( Anadarko ), a publicly traded oil and gas exploration and production company. Prior to his retirement in December 2016, Mr. Daniels served as President, Anadarko Canada, from 2001 to 2004, as Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production, from 2004 to 2006, as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Exploration, from 2006 to 2013, and as Executive Vice President, International and Deepwater Exploration, from 2013 to 2016. Mr. Daniels was a member of Anadarko s executive committee from 2004 to 2016 and also served as an executive committee representative to the Governance and Risk Committee of Anadarko s Board of Directors. Since 2010, Mr. Daniels has served on the Board of Directors of MicroSeismic, Inc. ( MicroSeismic ) as an independent, non-executive director. Mr. Daniels is also a member of MicroSeismic s Nominations Governance Committee. MicroSeismic is an oilfield services company providing completions evaluation services and real-time monitoring and mapping of hydraulic fracture operations in unconventional oil and gas plays. Robert P. Daniels Age: 67 Director since: 2017 16 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal 1. Election of Directors Ms. Dugle has more than 30 years of executive leadership and senior management experience in the defense, intelligence and high-tech industries. Ms. Dugle served as the Chief Executive Officer of Engility Holdings, Inc. ( Engility ), a publicly traded engineering and technology consulting company, from 2016 until the sale of the company in 2019. Ms. Dugle also served as Chairman and President of Engility. Prior to joining Engility in 2016, Ms. Dugle served more than a decade in senior management positions at Raytheon Company ( Raytheon ), a publicly traded company specializing in defense and other government markets worldwide, including Vice President, Engineering, Technology and Quality and President of Intelligence, Information and Services. Before joining Raytheon in 2004, Ms. Dugle held international and officer-level positions with ADC Telecommunications, Inc. Ms. Dugle began her career at Texas Instruments Incorporated, a global semiconductor design and manufacturing company, as a manufacturing engineer. Ms. Dugle currently serves as the Lead Independent Director of Micron Technology, Inc. (since 2020), a publicly traded developer of memory and storage solutions, where she also serves as a member of the Governance Sustainability and Compensation Committees. Ms. Dugle also currently serves as a director of KBR, Inc. (since 2020), a publicly traded provider of science, technology and engineering solutions, where she serves as the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and as a member of the Compensation Committee. In addition, Ms. Dugle serves as a director of TE Connectivity Ltd. (since 2020), a publicly traded provider of connectivity, communications and sensing products, where she serves as a member of the Audit Committee and as co-chair of the Joint Committee on Cybersecurity. Ms. Dugle previously served on the board of directors of State Street Bank and Trust Company, including as Chair of the Technology, Operations and Cyber Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee. She also served as an Advisor Partner of First Light Acquisition Group Inc. and as a director of Avantus Federal before it was sold in 2022. Lynn A. Dugle Age: 66 Director since: 2023 Mr. Gaut has extensive leadership experience and financial and operational expertise in the oilfield services, contract drilling and equipment sector of the oil and gas industry. He has served as a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Financial Officer for over 30 years for various public companies. Beginning in August 2010, Mr. Gaut served as the Chairman of the Board, President and/or Chief Executive Officer of Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. ( Forum ). Effective February 2022, Mr. Gaut retired from his positions as President and Chief Executive Officer of Forum, and he became Forum s Executive Chairman of the Board. In December 2023, Mr. Gaut transitioned to the role of non-executive Chairman of the Board of Forum. Effective May 2025, Mr. Gaut retired from the Board of Forum and did not stand for re-election at Forum s 2025 annual stockholders meeting. Forum is a leading energy manufacturing company, primarily serving oil service companies, drilling contractors as well as non-oil and gas customers. Prior to the formation of Forum, Mr. Gaut served as (i) a Managing Director of SCF Partners, a Houston based private equity firm investing in oilfield service and equipment companies, from 2009 until 2010; (ii) President of the Drilling and Evaluation Division of Halliburton Company ( Halliburton ), a publicly traded provider of oilfield services and products to the upstream oil and gas industry, from 2008 until 2009; and (iii) Halliburton s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2003 to 2007. In addition, from 2008 until 2019, Mr. Gaut served on the Board of Directors of Valaris plc (formerly known as Ensco Rowan plc and as Ensco plc) ( Valaris ), a leading global offshore drilling contractor, where he also served as a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Mr. Gaut also previously served as Co-Chief Operating Officer of Valaris from January 2002 to February 2003, and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Valaris from December 1987 until February 2003. Further, from 2016 until 2019, Mr. Gaut served as a director of Key Energy Services, Inc., a publicly traded well service company, where he served as a member of the Audit Committee and as its lead independent director. C. Christopher Gaut Age: 69 Director since: 2017 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 17 Table of Contents Proposal 1. Election of Directors Mr. Kerr, who retired from Capital Group effective October 1, 2020, has over 36 years of investment experience, including 35 years with Capital Group, one of the world s oldest and largest investment management organizations. During his tenure with Capital Group, Mr. Kerr managed multiple funds as an equity portfolio manager and covered global oil and gas companies for Capital Group as an equity investment analyst. As a result, Mr. Kerr has acquired extensive knowledge of the oil and gas exploration and production industry. Prior to joining Capital Group, Mr. Kerr was an exploration geophysicist with Cities Service Company. Mr. Kerr currently serves as a board member for various civic and non-profit organizations. Mr. Kerr is also a director of Kerry Group plc (since 2021), a publicly traded company and global leader in the development of taste and nutrition solutions for the food, beverage and pharmaceutical markets, where he serves as a member of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, and Governance and Nomination Committee. Michael T. Kerr Age: 66 Director since: 2020 Ms. Robertson has extensive experience in the oil and gas industry and a wealth of knowledge of the drilling services sector from her 42-year career and various roles with Noble Corporation plc ( Noble ), a publicly traded company and one of the world s largest offshore drilling companies. Ms. Robertson served in the role of Executive Chairman of Noble from May 2020 until her retirement from Noble in February 2021. Previously, Ms. Robertson served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Noble from January 2018 until May 2020. Ms. Robertson previously served in various other management roles for Noble and its subsidiaries, including (i) Executive Vice President from 2006 to January 2018, (ii) Senior Vice President Administration from 2001 to 2006 and (iii) Vice President Administration from 1996 to 2001. Ms. Robertson also served continuously as Corporate Secretary of Noble from 1993 until assuming the Chairman s role in 2018. Ms. Robertson joined a predecessor subsidiary of Noble in 1979. Ms. Robertson is also Chair of the Board of Seadrill Limited (since 2022), a publicly traded worldwide provider of offshore oil and gas drilling services, where she also serves as a member of the Joint Nomination and Remuneration Committee. In addition, Ms. Robertson is a director of Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (since 2022), a publicly traded provider of drilling and pressure pumping services, directional drilling, rental equipment and technology to the oil and gas industry, where she serves as a member of the Audit Committee and as Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Julie J. Robertson Age: 70 Director since: 2019 Mr. Yacob was appointed Chairman of the Board, effective October 2022. Mr. Yacob was previously named EOG s Chief Executive Officer and appointed as a Director of EOG, effective October 2021. Mr. Yacob previously served as President from January 2021 through September 2021; Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production from December 2017 to January 2021; Vice President and General Manager in Midland from May 2014 to December 2017; and Division Exploration Manager in Midland and in Fort Worth from March 2012 to May 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Yacob served in various geoscience and leadership positions. He joined EOG in August 2005. Before joining EOG, Mr. Yacob worked for the Minerals Division at the United States Geological Survey. Ezra Y. Yacob Age: 49 Director since: 2021 18 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director Compensation and Stock Ownership Guidelines In addition to its duties relating to executive compensation, the Compensation Committee is also responsible for determining, and making recommendations to the Board regarding, the compensation of our non-employee directors. At its meeting in the second quarter of 2025, the Compensation Committee conducted its annual review of EOG s non-employee director compensation program relative to the programs of our peer group (as defined in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section below). Based on the results of its review, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board the following regarding the total annual compensation of our non-employee directors for the 2025-2026 term: (1) the annual cash retainer for each non-employee director would increase from $100,000 to $110,000 and (2) consistent with the prior year, each non-employee director would be granted restricted stock units ( RSUs ) having a value of $210,000 (the number of RSUs to be granted calculated based on the closing price of EOG s Common Stock on May 27, 2025 (such date being the Tuesday following each director s re- election to the Board at our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the Monday following being a market holiday)), with the resulting number of units rounded down to a whole unit). Additionally, at its second quarter 2025 meeting, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board an annual committee chair fee of $20,000 (payable to the chairs of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating Committee), as well as an annual presiding director fee of $20,000. The Board adopted this recommendation in connection with its approval of our annual non-employee director compensation at its meeting in the second quarter of 2025. The terms of the RSUs granted to our non-employee directors are described in footnote (b) to the Director Compensation Table for 2025 below. In connection with Mr. Chandler s appointment to the Board effective December 10, 2025, the Committee and the Board determined that Mr. Chandler would be granted RSUs having a value of $87,500 (representing a pro-rated amount of the $210,000 RSU grant value made to our other non-employee directors, effective May 27, 2025, for the 2025-2026 term). The number of RSUs granted to Mr. Chandler was calculated based on such pro-rated value and the closing price of EOG s Common Stock on December 15, 2025 (such date being the Monday following the effective date of Mr. Chandler s appointment), with the resulting number of units rounded down to a whole unit. In accordance with our stock ownership guidelines for non-employee directors (adopted by the Compensation Committee in December 2009 and most recently amended by the Compensation Committee effective February 11, 2026), each non-employee director is required to own EOG stock (whether in the form of shares of Common Stock or phantom stock issued pursuant to the EOG Resources, Inc. 409A Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended, the Deferral Plan ), or both) in an aggregate amount equal to five times the annual cash retainer for non-employee directors as shall be in effect from time to time. A non-employee director must attain compliance with these stock ownership guidelines within five years from the date of his or her initial election to the Board. If a non-employee director is not at any time in compliance with such guidelines, such director (i) may only sell up to 35% of the shares of Common Stock resulting from a vesting of RSUs in order to cover the tax obligations arising from the vesting and (ii) is required to hold the remaining shares received upon the vesting until such time as the non-employee director is in compliance. These stock ownership guidelines apply only to the grants of RSUs to our non-employee directors effective on or after May 6, 2019 (until otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee and the Board). The stock ownership guidelines applicable to previous grants to our non-employee directors continue in full force and effect as to such grants. As of the date of this proxy statement, all of our non-employee directors were in compliance with the applicable stock ownership guidelines, except for Mr. Chandler, who (as referenced above) has five years from his December 10, 2025 appointment date to attain compliance. Mr. Yacob, as our CEO, is subject to the stock ownership guidelines applicable to our executive officers and other senior management discussed below, and does not receive any compensation in respect of his services as a director or as our Chairman of the Board. 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 19 Table of Contents Director Compensation and Stock Ownership Guidelines Director Compensation Table for 2025 The following table summarizes certain information regarding compensation paid or accrued during 2025 to each non-employee director. Fees Earned or Paid in Stock All Other Cash Awards Compensation Total Name ($) (a) ($) (b) ($) (c) ($) John D. Chandler (d) $ 0 $ 87,498 $ 0 $ 87,498 Janet F. Clark $ 115,000 $ 209,891 $ 100,000 $ 424,891 Charles R. Crisp $ 105,000 $ 209,891 $ 103,160 $ 418,051 Robert P. Daniels $ 125,000 $ 209,891 $ 103,160 $ 438,051 Lynn A. Dugle $ 115,000 $ 209,891 $ 100,000 $ 424,891 C. Christopher Gaut $ 125,000 $ 209,891 $ 100,360 $ 435,251 Michael T. Kerr $ 115,000 $ 209,891 $ 100,000 $ 424,891 Julie J. Robertson $ 115,000 $ 209,891 $ 19,650 $ 344,541 Donald F. Textor (e) $ 41,667 $ 0 $ 200,000 $ 241,667 (a) Non-employee directors can defer all or a portion of their cash fees to a later specified date by participating in the Deferral Plan. Under the Deferral Plan, deferrals are invested into either (1) a flexible deferral account, in which deferrals are treated as if they had been invested into various investment funds as directed by the participant and in which returns vary based on the performance of the funds, or (2) a phantom stock account, in which deferrals are treated as if such amounts are used to purchase our Common Stock at the closing price on the date such deferred fees would otherwise have been paid, and includes reinvestment of dividends. In 2025, two of our non-employee directors deferred their cash fees by participating in the Deferral Plan. (b) Each non-employee director (other than Mr. Chandler) received, in connection with his or her re-election to the Board at our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, 1,887 RSUs on May 27, 2025 (based on the closing price of our Common Stock on the NYSE of $111.23 per share on such date). Upon his initial election to the Board, Mr. Chandler received 826 RSUs on December 15, 2025 (based on the closing price of our Common Stock on the NYSE of $105.93 per share on such date). RSUs granted to non-employee directors were granted under the EOG Resources, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan ( 2021 Stock Plan ) and vest 100% after one year. Non-employee directors can defer receipt of their RSU grant (and, if the non-employee director so elects, the dividends credited thereon) to a later specified date by participating in the phantom stock account of the Deferral Plan. The 1,887 RSUs granted to our non-employee directors (other than Mr. Chandler) and the 826 RSUs granted to Mr. Chandler are the only RSUs or other equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors as of December 31, 2025, and the market value of the unvested RSUs for each non-employee director (based on the closing price of our Common Stock on the NYSE of $105.01 per share on December 31, 2025) is as follows: Mr. Chandler, $86,738; Mses. Clark, Dugle, and Robertson and Messrs. Crisp, Daniels, Gaut, and Kerr, $198,154. (c) All Other Compensation for 2025 consists of: Charitable matching contributions made by EOG for non-employee directors as follows: Mses. Clark and Dugle and Messrs. Crisp, Daniels, Kerr, and Textor, $100,000; Mr. Gaut, $97,200; and Ms. Robertson, $19,650. Please see Other Compensation Programs and Policies Other Compensation and Benefits Matching Gifts below for a description of our charitable gifts matching program applicable to all employees and non-employee directors. A university endowed fund in the amount of $100,000 established by EOG in the name of Mr. Textor and his spouse, in recognition of Mr. Textor s retirement from the Board. Reimbursement for spousal travel for Messrs. Crisp, Daniels, and Gaut of $3,160. (d) Mr. Chandler was appointed to the Board effective December 10, 2025. (e) Mr. Textor retired from the Board effective at the end of the 2024-2025 term, which expired in conjunction with the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. 20 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Voting Rights and Principal Stockholders Holders of record of our Common Stock as of the Record Date will be entitled to one vote per share on all matters properly presented at the Annual Meeting. As of the Record Date, there were 535,715,814 shares of our Common Stock outstanding. Other than our Common Stock, we have no other voting securities currently outstanding. Our stockholders do not have dissenters rights or similar rights of appraisal with respect to the proposals described herein and do not have cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors. Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by each person (including any group as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) who beneficially owned more than 5% of our Common Stock, based on beneficial ownership filings with the SEC as of March 15, 2026. We have prepared the table and the related notes below based on such filings with the SEC, and we have not sought to independently verify any of such information. Name and Number of Percent of Address of Beneficial Owner Shares Class (a) The Vanguard Group (b) 54,643,522 10.20 % 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 BlackRock, Inc. (c) 40,956,544 7.64 % 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 Capital World Investors (d) 40,823,482 7.62 % 333 South Hope Street, 55th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90071 State Street Corporation (e) 35,456,435 6.62 % State Street Financial Center One Congress Street, Suite 1 Boston, MA 02114 JPMorgan Chase Co. (f) 29,540,610 5.51 % 383 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10179 (a) Based on 535,982,641 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of March 15, 2026. (b) Based on its Schedule 13G/A filed on June 5, 2025 with respect to its beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of May 30, 2025, The Vanguard Group has sole dispositive power with respect to 51,896,706 shares, shared voting power with respect to 697,307 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 2,746,816 shares. (c) Based on its Schedule 13G/A filed on January 26, 2024 with respect to its beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of December 31, 2023, BlackRock, Inc. has sole voting power with respect to 37,229,599 shares and sole dispositive power with respect to 40,956,544 shares. (d) Based on its Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2026 with respect to its beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of December 31, 2025, Capital World Investors has sole voting power with respect to 40,410,683 shares and sole dispositive power with respect to 40,823,482 shares. (e) Based on its Schedule 13G/A filed on January 29, 2024 with respect to its beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of December 31, 2023, State Street Corporation has shared voting power with respect to 26,493,920 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 35,436,238 shares. (f) Based on its Schedule 13G filed on July 30, 2025 with respect to its beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of June 30, 2025, JPMorgan Chase Co. has sole voting power with respect to 26,271,024 shares, shared voting power with respect to 185,687 shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 29,434,802 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 96,570 shares. 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 21 Table of Contents Voting Rights and Principal Stockholders Stock Ownership of the Board and Management The following table sets forth certain information regarding the ownership of our Common Stock by (1) each director and director nominee of EOG, (2) each Named Executive Officer of EOG named in the Summary Compensation Table in the Executive Compensation section below, and (3) all current directors and executive officers of EOG as a group, in each case as of March 15, 2026. Under Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, a person shall be deemed to be the beneficial owner of a security if that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within 60 days. May 14, 2026 is the date 60 days from March 15, 2026, the date as of which ownership is reported in this table. Stock-Settled Restricted Stock Stock Units, Appreciation Performance Shares Rights Total Units and Beneficially Exercisable Beneficial Phantom Total Name Owned (a) by 5-14-26 (b) Ownership Shares (c) Ownership (d) John D. Chandler 0 0 0 826 826 Janet F. Clark 0 0 0 47,370 47,370 Charles R. Crisp 20,423 0 20,423 42,787 63,210 Robert P. Daniels 0 0 0 32,700 32,700 Michael P. Donaldson 83,809 0 83,809 102,836 186,645 Lynn A. Dugle 0 0 0 6,026 6,026 C. Christopher Gaut 500 0 500 20,741 21,241 Ann D. Janssen 79,194 6,289 85,483 58,552 144,035 Michael T. Kerr 168,250 0 168,250 20,963 189,213 Jeffrey R. Leitzell 87,442 5,266 92,708 56,401 149,109 Julie J. Robertson 13,722 0 13,722 1,887 15,609 Ezra Y. Yacob 277,877 0 277,877 162,552 440,429 All current directors and executive officers as a group (12 in number) 731,217 11,555 742,772 553,641 1,296,413 (a) Includes (1) shares for which the person directly or indirectly has sole or shared voting or investment power and (2) shares of restricted stock held under the 2021 Stock Plan for which the participant has sole voting power and no investment power until such shares vest in accordance with the provisions of the 2021 Stock Plan. (b) The shares shown in this column, which are not reflected in the adjacent column entitled Shares Beneficially Owned, consist of shares of our Common Stock that would be received upon the exercise of stock-settled stock appreciation rights ( SARs ) held under the Amended and Restated EOG Resources, Inc. 2008 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan or the 2021 Stock Plan by the individuals shown that are exercisable on or before May 14, 2026, based on, for purposes of this table, the closing price of our Common Stock on the NYSE of $133.60 per share on March 13, 2026, net of a number of shares equal to the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements with respect to such exercise (which shares would be deemed forfeited in satisfaction of such taxes). The shares shown in this column are beneficially owned under Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. (c) Includes (1) RSUs held under the 2021 Stock Plan vesting after May 14, 2026 for which the participant has no voting or investment power until such units vest and are released as shares of our Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the 2021 Stock Plan; (2) RSUs with performance-based conditions (also referred to herein as performance units ) (assuming a performance multiple of 100%) held under the 2021 Stock Plan vesting after May 14, 2026 for which the participant has no voting or investment power until such units vest and are released as shares of our Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the 2021 Stock Plan; and (3) phantom shares held in the individual s phantom stock account under the Deferral Plan for which the individual has no voting or investment power until such phantom shares are released as shares of our Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the Deferral Plan and the individual s deferral election. Because such units and shares will not vest or be released on or before May 14, 2026, the units and shares shown in this column are not beneficially owned under Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. (d) None of our directors or Named Executive Officers beneficially owned, as of March 15, 2026, more than 1% of the shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of March 15, 2026. Based on 535,982,641 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of March 15, 2026, our current directors and executive officers as a group (12 in number) beneficially owned approximately 0.1% of the shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of March 15, 2026 and had total ownership of approximately 0.2% of the shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of March 15, 2026. 22 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Related Party Transactions We have adopted a written policy relating to the review and approval of related party transactions . Generally, under this policy and related SEC regulations, (1) a related party transaction is a transaction, or a material amendment to a transaction, involving more than $120,000 between a related party and EOG or one of its subsidiaries and (2) a related party is (a) a director, director nominee or executive officer of EOG, (b) a beneficial owner of more than 5% of our Common Stock, (c) an immediate family member of, or person sharing the home of, an EOG director, director nominee or executive officer or beneficial owner of more than 5% of our Common Stock or (d) an entity that is owned or controlled by any of the foregoing persons or for which any of the foregoing persons serves as an executive officer, general partner or principal or in a similar capacity or position. Consistent with the recommendations of the NYSE, our policy requires the Audit Committee to review and approve (in the case of a proposed transaction) or ratify (in the case of an existing transaction) each related party transaction and any material amendment to any such transaction. In reviewing and approving, or ratifying, as the case may be, any related party transaction or material amendment to any such transaction, the Audit Committee must satisfy itself that it has been fully informed as to the related party s relationship to EOG and interest in the transaction and as to the material facts of the transaction, and must determine that the related party transaction (i) is in, or is not inconsistent with, the best interests of EOG and our stockholders and (ii) does not present any conflicts of interest. In addition, the members of the Audit Committee are periodically asked to confirm that they are not aware of any related party transactions, other than any such transactions previously discussed with the Audit Committee. JPMorgan Chase Co. filed a Schedule 13G with the SEC in July 2025 reporting that it was the beneficial owner of approximately five percent of our outstanding Common Stock (see Voting Rights and Principal Stockholders Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners above). From time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, we engage in certain investment banking arrangements, commercial banking-related arrangements and other financial and commercial arrangements and transactions with JPMorgan Chase Co. (including its subsidiaries and affiliates, JPM ). In addition, JPM has served from time to time as share repurchase agent in connection with EOG s Board-authorized share repurchase program, including for repurchases during the first quarter 2026. JPM does not exercise any control over our business and operations and, except for the voting of its shares of our Common Stock at our annual stockholders meetings, does not participate in the management of our business and operations. During fiscal year 2025, JPM served as the administrative agent for, and a committed lender under, (i) our $1.9 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (dated June 7, 2023 and terminated effective December 3, 2025) and (ii) our $3.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (dated December 3, 2025 and which replaced the above-referenced facility dated June 7, 2023). Also during fiscal year 2025, JPM and other financial institutions were parties to a commitment letter with EOG, in respect of a $2.0 billion senior unsecured 364-day bridge loan facility (which commitments were dated May 30, 2025 and were terminated effective July 1, 2025), entered into in connection with our 2025 acquisition of Encino Acquisition Partners, LLC. In addition, JPM served as an underwriter for our public offerings of senior notes completed in July 2025 and November 2025 and provided customary banking services (such as payment services and account maintenance) to EOG during fiscal year 2025. In connection with such facilities, senior notes offerings and banking services, JPM received customary fees and underwriting discounts from EOG during fiscal year 2025 totaling approximately $4.0 million. For additional information regarding such revolving credit facilities and senior notes offerings, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in EOG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. In addition, EOG and JPM are parties from time to time to certain financial commodity derivative transactions and transactions for the physical purchase and sale of natural gas. During fiscal year 2025, (i) EOG made net cash payments to JPM totaling approximately $10.1 million in connection with settlements of financial commodity derivative transactions and (ii) JPM made net cash payments to EOG totaling approximately $5.1 million in connection with the physical purchase and sale of natural gas. Pursuant to our related party transactions policy, the Audit Committee has (1) satisfied itself that it has been fully informed as to the material facts of EOG s transactions, arrangements and relationships with JPM (including the nature of such transactions, arrangements and relationships and the fees, other compensation and payments received by JPM in connection therewith); (2) determined that such transactions are in, and are not inconsistent with, the best interests of EOG and our stockholders and (3) approved and ratified our prior and future transactions, arrangements and relationships with JPM. In addition to our related party transactions policy, our Code of Conduct prohibits transactions involving or benefiting a director or executive officer (or a family member of a director or executive officer) that may constitute a conflict of interest. Any waiver of our Code of Conduct in favor of a director or executive officer requires Board or Board committee approval and reporting under applicable SEC and NYSE regulations, as more fully described under Corporate Governance Codes of Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines above. There have been no waivers granted with respect to our Code of Conduct to any director or executive officer. 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 23 Table of Contents Report of the Audit Committee In connection with the fiscal year 2025 audited financial statements of EOG Resources, Inc. ( EOG ), the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of EOG, during its February 2026 meeting, (1) reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with EOG s management; (2) discussed with EOG s independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; (3) received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditors required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent auditors communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence; (4) discussed with the independent auditors the independent auditors independence; and (5) considered whether the provision of non-audit services by EOG s principal auditors is compatible with maintaining auditor independence. Based upon these reviews and discussions, the Audit Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors has approved, that the audited financial statements for fiscal year 2025 be included in EOG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 for filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. AUDIT COMMITTEE C. Christopher Gaut, Chairman John D. Chandler Janet F. Clark 24 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal 2. Ratification of Appointment of Auditors Our Board recommends a vote FOR Proposal 2 General For 2025 and 2024, we retained our principal auditors, Deloitte Touche LLP ( Deloitte ), independent registered public accounting firm, to provide services in the following categories and, in consideration of such services, have paid (or will pay) to Deloitte the following amounts (which, as further discussed below, include certain estimated amounts): Audit Fees . The aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by Deloitte in connection with the audits of our annual consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 and the reviews of our quarterly consolidated financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q for such fiscal years were $4,580,319 and $4,119,532, respectively. In addition, Deloitte renders professional services to EOG in connection with the annual statutory audits of the financial statements of our Trinidad, Bahrain, and UAE subsidiaries. The fees billed for such statutory audits for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 totaled $146,440 (for Trinidad); the fees billed for such statutory audits for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (which audits will be finalized in the first half of 2026) are expected to total approximately $270,170 (for Trinidad, Bahrain, and UAE). Audit-Related Fees . The aggregate fees billed for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 for assurance and related services rendered by Deloitte that were reasonably related to the audits and reviews of our consolidated financial statements and/or the above-described statutory audits, but not reportable as Audit Fees above, were $321,000 and $246,000, respectively. Audit-Related Fees for 2025 were primarily for comfort letter work with respect to: (1) our July 2025 offering of our (i) 4.400% Senior Notes due 2028; (ii) 5.000% Senior Notes due 2032; (iii) 5.350% Senior Notes due 2036; and (iv) 5.950% Senior Notes due 2055, and (2) our November 2025 offering of our (i) 4.400% Senior Notes due 2031 and (ii) 5.950% Senior Notes due 2055. Audit-Related Fees for 2024 were primarily for comfort letter work with respect to our November 2024 offering of our 5.650% Senior Notes due 2054 and for services performed in connection with our December 2024 registration statement filing with the SEC. Tax Fees. Deloitte did not render any tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning services to us for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. All Other Fees. The aggregate fees billed for services rendered by Deloitte not reportable as Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees or Tax Fees above for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were $6,954 and $3,754, respectively. All Other Fees for 2025 and 2024 were for subscriptions for certain research-related tools. Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services . The Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and non-audit services provided to us by our independent auditors at the Audit Committee s first meeting of each calendar year and at subsequent meetings as necessary. The non-audit services to be provided are specified and shall not exceed a specified dollar limit. Management is directed to provide a report to the Audit Committee, at each regular meeting of the Audit Committee, showing in reasonable detail the services provided by the independent auditors to us since the beginning of the calendar year, as well as the then-estimated cost to-date of audit and non-audit services provided. During the course of a year, if additional non-audit services are deemed to be appropriate or advisable, these services are presented to the Audit Committee for pre-approval, subject to the availability of the de minimis exception for non-audit services set forth in Section 202 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and in Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X. The Audit Committee has delegated to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee the authority to approve non-audit services provided by the independent auditors to us pursuant to such exception. None of the services rendered by Deloitte for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 and reportable as Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees or All Other Fees above were approved by the Audit Committee or the Chairperson of the Audit Committee pursuant to such de minimis exception. 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 25 Table of Contents Proposal 2. Ratification of Appointment of Auditors Ratification of Appointment for 202 6 The Audit Committee of the Board has sole and direct authority to appoint, compensate, oversee, evaluate and terminate the company s independent auditor, and it is responsible for fee negotiations associated with the retention of the company s independent auditor. The Audit Committee has appointed Deloitte to audit our consolidated financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2026, and such appointment has been approved by the Board. Deloitte has served as our independent auditor continuously since 2002. Pursuant to the SEC s audit partner rotation rules (set forth in Rule 2-01 of SEC Regulation S-X), Deloitte s lead engagement partner for the audit of our consolidated financial statements is rotated every five years. In order to assure continuing auditor independence, the Audit Committee periodically considers the independent auditor s qualifications, performance and independence and whether there should be a regular rotation of our independent external audit firm. We believe the continued retention of Deloitte to serve as the company s independent auditor is in the best interests of the company and its stockholders, and we are asking our stockholders to ratify the appointment of Deloitte as the company s independent auditor for 2026. Ratification of this appointment shall be effective upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions with respect to the ratification of this appointment will have the effect of a vote against the ratification of this appointment. Properly executed proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions specified on the proxy; if no such instructions are given, the persons named as agents and proxies in the accompanying form of proxy will vote such proxy FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte. In the event the appointment of Deloitte is not ratified, the Audit Committee will consider the appointment of other independent auditors. A representative of Deloitte is expected to be present at the Annual Meeting and will be available to make a statement, if such representative desires to do so, and to respond to appropriate questions. 26 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation and Human Resources Committee Report The Compensation and Human Resources Committee, in connection with its February 2026 meeting, has reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on such review and discussions, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors has approved, that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the proxy statement relating to the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. COMPENSATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE Michael T. Kerr, Chairman Robert P. Daniels Julie J. Robertson 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 27 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis In this Compensation Discussion and Analysis section, in the executive compensation tables and notes thereto in the Executive Compensation section below, and elsewhere in this proxy statement, Named Executive Officers or NEOs refers to the following individuals. 1 Ezra Y. Yacob Ann D. Janssen Jeffrey R. Leitzell Michael P. Donaldson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 2 1 During 2025, no other person served as an executive officer of EOG. 2 Effective September 25, 2025, Mr. Donaldson was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer (from his prior position of Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary). Additionally, (1) peer group, peer companies, peer group companies, or similar phrases refers to the companies identified under Compensation Process Compensation Peer Group below, except as otherwise specified or indicated herein; and (2) certain of the measures referenced below and identified with an asterisk (*) are non-GAAP measures, for which reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures and related definitions and discussion are included in Annex A. A glossary of certain terms is also included in Annex A. 28 | EOG Resources, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Executive Summary This Compensation Discussion and Analysis focuses on EOG s 2025 compensation programs, actions, and outcomes relative to our 2025 performance. The Compensation Committee believes that our executive management team continues to foster a unique culture that has firmly established EOG as a leader in the exploration and production industry and supports our strategy to maximize long-term stockholder value. Our decentralized structure supports EOG s culture of continuous improvement and innovation and creates a sustainable competitive advantage for EOG. We are focused on being among the highest return and lowest cost producers, committed to strong environmental performance and playing a significant role in the long-term future of energy. Our key strategic priorities include: Capital Discipline Returns-focused investments Pristine balance sheet and significant free cash flow* generation Sustainable, growing regular dividend anchors commitment to return minimum 70% of annual free cash flow* Reinvestment pace supports continuous improvement across multi-basin portfolio Operational Excellence Organic exploration maintains low cost, high quality, multi-basin inventory Superior in-house technical expertise, proprietary information technology, and self-sourced materials support well performance and cost control Product, geographic, and pricing diversification enhances margins Sustainability Committed to safe operations, leading environmental performance, and community engagement Strategic emissions reduction pathways Culture Decentralized, non-bureaucratic structure enables value creation in the field, at the asset level Collaborative, multi-disciplinary teams drive innovation Technology leadership and real-time, data-driven decision making In 2025, we continued to deliver on our strategy of creating sustainable value for stockholders with strong financial results and outstanding operational execution. The following are key highlights of our achievements in 2025: Generated $4.7 billion of free cash flow* and adjusted net income* of $5.5 billion Delivered return on capital employed (ROCE)* of 18.7% Earned a 27.2% all-in after-tax rate of return* on capital expenditures and a 57% direct after-tax rate of return* on capital expenditures based on a price deck of $45/Bbl WTI oil and $2.50/Mcf HH natural gas prices Achieved peer-leading U.S. price realizations and volumes and total per-unit operating costs* better than targets Created premier Utica asset position with Encino acquisition Returned $4.7 billion of free cash flow* to shareholders through $2.2 billion of regular dividends and $2.5 billion of share repurchases Increased our regular dividend by 8% in 2025 Recognized as a 2025 Top Workplace nationally by USA Today (4 years running) and by the Houston Chronicle (16 years running), the San Antonio Express-News (13 years running), The Oklahoman (13 years running), the Albuquerque Journal (6 years running), The Denver Post (3 years running), the Great Plains (2 years running), and The Dallas Morning News (1 st year) 2026 Proxy Statement EOG Resources, Inc. | 29 Table of Contents Compensation Discussion and Analysis Summary of Pay and Performance Alignment Our executive compensation program is designed to align our executives long-term realizable pay with long-term performance, with a significant weighting on long-term incentives that are tied to the total shareholder returns our stockholders experience. The following charts illustrate that the largest portion of target compensation for our NEOs as of December 31, 2025 is in long-term equity compensation, consistent with our belief that our executive compensation program should be heavily influenced by our absolute stock price performance to further align the interests of our NEOs with those of our stockholders. In the case of performance units, the largest single component of our program, compensation is further influenced by relative stock price performance compared to our peers and the broader market and our ROCE* performance. The Other NEOs chart below excludes Mr. Donaldson s promotion award discussed below. In addition, each of our NEOs owns a substantial amount of our stock, in accordance with our stock ownership guidelines applicable to our executive officers and senior management (see Other Compensation Matters Stock Ownership Guidelines below). Stockholder Engagement and 2025 Say-on-Pay Vote The Compensation Committee values the feedback of our stockholders. In 2025, we continued to engage with our stockholders and solicit their feedback on a wide range of topics, including our strategic direction, our financial and operational performance, and our overall executive compensation structure. During the course of our 