=== GEV_2026-04-03.htm.gz ===
gev-20260402 0001996810 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD xbrli:pure 0001996810 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001996810 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:PnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:PnsnAdjsPrrSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:PnsnAdjsPrrSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001996810 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 ___________________________________ SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) ___________________________________ Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 GE Vernova Inc. _________________________________________________________________________________________________ (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) _________________________________________________________________________________________________ (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 GE VERNOVA BOARD OF DIRECTORS From left to right Nicholas K. Akins, Martina Hund-Mejean, Steve Angel, Paula Rosput Reynolds, Arnold W. Donald, Scott Strazik, Matthew Harris, Kim K.W. Rucker, Jesus Malave LETTER FROM THE CHAIR April 3, 2026 Fellow Stockholders: On behalf of GE Vernova s Board of Directors, I am pleased to invite you to our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The annual meeting will be held virtually and details for attending and an overview of the matters expected to be acted upon at the meeting are described in the accompanying Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. GE Vernova s clear mission is to electrify to thrive and decarbonize. The GE Vernova Board is uniquely equipped to enable this mission, with proven leadership across energy, infrastructure, policy, risk management, supply chain, sustainability, and capital allocation, along with extensive experience at global public companies. The Board and its committees are purpose-built to oversee strategy, performance, and risk during a major transformation of the global energy system. Lean is embedded in GE Vernova s culture and drives operational execution every day. In 2025, we continued to go to Genba - or the point of impact. The Board visited GE Vernova locations in Cambridge, Massachusetts; our manufacturing facility in Greenville, South Carolina; and Washington, D.C. The Board also traveled to Power and Wind customers near Dallas, Texas. We believe there is no better way to demonstrate our engagement than spending time with the GE Vernova team and customers at Genba. GE Vernova continues its journey as an essential company helping to accelerate the path to more reliable, affordable, sustainable, and secure energy. The rapidly growing global demand for electricity is a unique opportunity for GE Vernova, and our Board is focused on supporting the GE Vernova team to serve this market on a global scale. GE Vernova is operating from a position of financial strength. In 2025, we delivered $38B in revenue, $4.9B in net income, and $3.2B in Adjusted EBITDA*, up 9%, 213% and 57%* respectively over 2024. Additionally, GE Vernova recorded $59B in orders in 2025, growing the backlog to a record $150B, ensuring continued strong growth for years to come. The Board remains committed to generating significant value for shareholders. GE Vernova executed on its capital allocation principles starting with an investment grade balance sheet and returning at least one-third of cash generation to shareholders after investing for organic growth and targeted M A . This included the acquisition of the remaining fifty percent stake of our joint venture, Prolec GE, for $5.3B, which closed in February 2026. In 2025, we returned $3.6B to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Given our strong cash generation and growth trajectory, in December, we doubled our annual dividend to $2 per share and increased our buyback authorization from $6B to $10B. GE Vernova is well-positioned as a leader in electric power and our Board remains focused on supporting the business and executing on our commitment to effective governance. We are grateful to have the opportunity to build productive relationships with our shareholders and receive feedback on our corporate governance and compensation practices. On behalf of the Board of Directors and our leadership team, I would like to express our appreciation for your continuing support and confidence in GE Vernova. Sincerely, Steve Angel Chair * Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix for additional information. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Date and Time Wednesday, May 20, 2026 8:00 AM ET Location Live Webcast at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GEV2026 Who Can Vote Stockholders of record at the close of business on March 23, 2026 are entitled to vote. How to Vote Internet At the website listed on the Notice of Internet Availability, proxy form or voting instruction form you received. Telephone Call the telephone number provided on the proxy form or voting instruction form you received. Mail Mark, date and sign your proxy form or voting instruction form and return it in the accompanying postage prepaid envelope. Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 20, 2026: The 2026 Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report are available at www.gevernova.com/investors/annual-meeting . We welcome and encourage you to attend GE Vernova s 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting), which will be conducted exclusively online through a live audio webcast to facilitate stockholder attendance and to enable stockholders to participate fully and equally, regardless of size of holdings, resources or physical location. Our 2025 Annual Report, which is not part of the proxy soliciting materials, is enclosed if the proxy materials were mailed to you, and is also available online at www.gevernova.com/investors/annual-meeting . A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or a printed copy of the proxy materials were first sent to stockholders on or about April 3, 2026. Voting Matters and Board Recommendations You will be asked at our Annual Meeting to: Board Recommendation 1 Elect three Class II directors for a three-year term FOR each director nominee Page 12 2 Vote on an advisory proposal to approve the compensation of our named executive officers (NEOs) (Say-on-Pay) FOR Page 36 3 Ratify the selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026 FOR Page 77 4 Vote on the stockholder proposal included in the proxy statement AGAINST Page 80 Stockholders will consider and act upon the four proposals noted above and any other matters that may properly come before the meeting. Your vote is important. Please vote your proxy at your earliest convenience to ensure the presence of a quorum at the meeting. Promptly voting your proxy in accordance with the instructions will save the expense of additional solicitation. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote and submit your proxy in advance of the meeting by one of the methods described on the left. See Meeting Information beginning on page 88 for additional information regarding accessing the Annual Meeting and how to vote your shares. Sincerely, Lola F. Lin Chief Legal Officer and Secretary April 3, 2026 2 GE Vernova TABLE OF CONTENTS Letter From the Chair 1 Notice of 202 6 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 2 About GE Vernova 4 Proxy Summary 8 PROPOSAL 1: Election of our Class I I Directors for a Three-Year Term Expiring at our 202 9 Annual Meeting 12 Director Profile 13 Director Nominations 13 Director Skills 15 Director Biographies 16 Corporate Governance 21 Board Leadership Structure 21 Board Committees 22 Self-Evaluation 24 Director Orientation and Education 24 Key Areas of Oversight 25 Stockholder Engagement 27 Other Governance Policies and Practices 28 Related- Person and Other Transactions 31 Related Person Transaction Policy 31 Director Compensation 32 Non-Employee Director Compensation 32 Director Compensation Table 33 Executive Officers 34 PROPOSAL 2: Advisory (Non-Binding) Vote to Approve the Compensation of our NEOs (Say-on-Pay) 36 Executive Compensation 37 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 37 Executive Summary 37 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 39 Compensation Governance 40 Components of Executive Compensation 41 202 5 Target Total Direct Compensation: Components and Mix 42 Additional Benefits and Perquisites Provided to Executives 43 Performance Plans 45 Peer Group and Benchmarking Approach 48 Risk Considerations 49 2025 Compensation Decisions for NEOs 49 Compensation Committee Report 57 Summary Compensation Table 58 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 61 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 63 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 66 Pension Benefits 66 Deferred Compensation 68 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 68 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 73 Pay Versus Performance 73 CEO Pay Ratio 76 PROPOSAL 3 : Ratification of the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as our Independent Auditor for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 202 6 77 Audit Committee Report 79 PROPOSAL 4: Stockholder Proposal Requesting Report Assessing Sustainability Goals on the Basis of Net-Present-Value and Return-on-Investment Calculation 80 Stock Ownership Information 83 Directors and Officers 83 Principal Stockholders 84 Delinquent S ection 16(a) R eports 85 Submitting 202 7 Stockholder Proposals 86 Voting and Meeting Information 87 Voting Standards and Board Recommendations 87 Meeting Information 88 Voting Information 88 Other Information 91 Forward-Looking Statements 92 Other Business 93 Appendix: Explanation of Non-G AAP Financial Measures and Performance Metrics 94 Frequently requested items Director Skills 15 Director Biographies 16 Board Leadership Structure 21 Stockholder Engagement 27 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 37 Stock Ownership Information 83 Submitting 202 7 Stockholder Proposals 86 See page 92 for more information on forward-looking statements. Information in this proxy statement is as of the date of filing, unless otherwise noted. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 ABOUT GE VERNOVA GE Vernova Inc. (the Company, GE Vernova, our, we, or us) is a global leader in the electric power industry, with products and services that generate, transfer, orchestrate, convert, and store electricity. We design, manufacture, deliver, and service technologies to create a more reliable, secure, and sustainable electric power system, enabling electrification and decarbonization, underpinning the progress and prosperity of the communities we serve. We are a purpose-built company, positioned with a unique scope and scale of solutions to help accelerate the energy transition, while servicing and growing our installed base and strengthening our own profitability and stockholder returns. We have a strong history of innovation, which is a key strength enabling us to meet our customers needs. The breadth of our portfolio also enables us to provide an extensive range of technologies and integrated solutions to help advance our customers energy and sustainability goals. Our installed base generates approximately 25% of the world s electricity. We build, modernize, and service power systems to help our customers electrify their operations and economies, meet power demand growth, improve system reliability and resiliency, and navigate the energy transition through limiting and reducing emissions. The portfolio of equipment and services that we deliver is diversified across technology types and is adaptable based on electric power market conditions and demand. ELECTRIFY TO THRIVE AND DECARBONIZE Serving the vital energy transition market with multi-decade growth Executing with sustainability, innovation lean at our core Delivering disciplined growth to drive margin expansion, higher free cash flow* strategic capital allocation Our strategy GE Vernova is positioned as an industry leader to fulfill the growing demand for electrical power, while driving the energy transition forward. Our focus is on supplying our customers with products and services necessary to deliver reliable, affordable, and sustainable electricity. We expect significant growth in demand for the offerings we provide to the electric power industry. Our company strategy is focused on: Delivering on global sustainability, by developing, providing, and servicing technologies that enable electrification and decarbonization. Maintaining and enhancing strong relationships with many of the leading and largest utilities, developers, governments, and electricity users. Servicing the existing installed base and delivering new technologies and processes, which improve customer outcomes while driving increased profitability and cash flow. Improving margins and lowering risk through better underwriting. Streamlining our product portfolio to focus on core workhorse products, which will improve both cost and quality going forward. Using Lean to improve our cost structure and productivity levels across our business and corporate functions. Innovating and investing, along with third parties, in new offerings and technologies that will help customers electrify and decarbonize the world. Allocating capital as a whole and within our various businesses focused on generating cash flow to invest in our core businesses, invest in targeted mergers and acquisitions (M A), and return at least 1/3 of cash generation to our stockholders. * Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix for additional information. 4 GE Vernova About GE Vernova 2025 Highlights $59B Orders $38B Revenue $5.0B Cash from operating activities $3.7B Free Cash Flow* +830 Basis points of net income margin expansion +210 Basis points of adjusted organic EBITDA* margin expansion $150B Backlog (1) ~25% of the world s electricity generated using our technology 5GW Onshore Wind equipment orders $30.5B Electrification equipment backlog (1) 83GW Gas Power equipment backlog (1) and slot reservation agreements * Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix for additional information. (1) Backlog defined on a remaining performance obligation (RPO) basis. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 About GE Vernova 6 GE Vernova About GE Vernova GE Vernova segments POWER Gas Power, Nuclear Power, Hydro Power, Steam Power Strong, growing free cash flow* Services strength Growing, more profitable equipment Decarbonization technologies WIND Onshore Wind, Offshore Wind, LM Wind Power Significant margin expansion Lead in quality Workhorse products Executing Offshore Wind backlog ELECTRIFICATION Grid Solutions, Power Conversion Storage, Electrification Software Accelerating profitable growth Growing backlog Electrify industrials Best-in-class software $94.4B backlog (1) (74% services) $19.8B revenue $21.6B backlog (1) (58% services) $9.1B revenue $34.7B backlog (1) (12% services) $9.6B revenue ACCELERATORS In addition to GE Vernova s Power, Wind, and Electrification segments, we maintain other businesses and capabilities in our corporate headquarters that support our customers, policy makers, and our businesses. Advanced Research consists of strong, interdisciplinary teams working to solve the power industry s toughest problems and create differentiated technologies that deliver winning products and services in the marketplace. Our team of researchers at our Advanced Research facilities in Niskayuna, NY and Bangalore, India, partner with governments, our businesses, and external partners to innovate and accelerate the energy transition. Financial Services offers project development and financial solutions to projects utilizing our products and services through a wide range of investing and structuring activities. Consulting Services includes power systems experts focused on solving the world s toughest technical and economic problems, enabling technology integration, and helping to shape the energy transition. * Non-GAAP financial measure. (1) Backlog defined on a remaining performance obligation (RPO) basis. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 PROXY SUMMARY 1 Election of our Class II Directors for a Three-year Term Expiring at our 2029 Annual Meeting The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee. See page 12 Director nominees The Board recommends a vote FOR each Class II director nominee. Class II Director Nominees Matthew Harris | 65 Director since: 2024 INDEPENDENT Founding Partner, Global Infrastructure Partners Committees: Audit Safety and Sustainability Other Public Boards: None Martina Hund-Mejean | 65 Director since: 2024 INDEPENDENT Former Chief Financial Officer, MasterCard Inc. Committees: Audit (Chair) Compensation and Human Capital Other Public Boards: Prudential Financial, Inc., Colgate-Palmolive Company Paula Rosput Reynolds | 69 Director since: 2024 INDEPENDENT President and Chief Executive Officer, PreferWest, LLC Committees: Audit Safety and Sustainability (Chair) Other Public Boards: Linde, National Grid UK (Chair) Continuing directors Class I Directors whose terms expire in 2028 Steve Angel | 70 Director since: 2024 INDEPENDENT, NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIR President and Chief Executive Officer, CSX Corp. Committees: Nominating and Governance Other Public Boards: CSX Corp. Arnold W. Donald | 71 Director since: 2024 INDEPENDENT Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Carnival Corporation plc Committees: Compensation and Human Capital (Chair) Nominating and Governance Other Public Boards: Bank of America Corporation, MP Materials Corp., Salesforce, Inc. Jesus Malave | 57 Director since: 2024 INDEPENDENT Chief Financial Officer, Boeing Committees: Audit Compensation and Human Capital Other Public Boards: None 8 GE Vernova Proxy Summary Class III Directors whose terms expire in 2027 Nicholas K. Akins | 65 Director since: 2024 INDEPENDENT Former Executive Chair, American Electric Power Company, Inc. Committees: Nominating and Governance (Chair) Safety and Sustainability Other Public Boards: DTE Energy Company, Fifth Third Bancorp Kim K.W. Rucker | 59 Director since: 2024 INDEPENDENT Former Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Andeavor (formerly Tesoro Corp.) Committees: Audit Compensation and Human Capital Other Public Boards: Celanese Corporation, HP Inc., Marathon Petroleum Corporation Scott Strazik | 47 Director since: 2024 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT Chief Executive Officer and President, GE Vernova Committees: None Other Public Boards: None Director skills and qualificatio ns Director Skills Technology Innovation Manufacturing Operations Human Capital Energy Risk Management Executive Experience Finance Accounting Safety Sustainability Board profile Independence 8 Independent 1 Not Independent Demographics 3 Female 6 Male 3 Black / Latino Age 1 50 years 5 50-65 years 3 65 years Tenure 9 3 years 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Proxy Summary 2 Advisory (Non-binding) Vote to Approve the Compensation of our NEOs (Say-on-pay) The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 36 Our executive compensation policies are designed to attract and retain executive talent by providing competitive levels of compensation that align pay with performance. Consistent with our compensation philosophy, we take a market-based approach to establishing competitive compensation levels. Additionally, we use both short- and long-term performance-based compensation to align compensation with our financial performance and stockholder returns. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee (CHCC) provides ongoing oversight of our executive compensation program, ensuring it continuously aligns with our compensation philosophy and strategic business objectives, while also accounting for market-based insight and stockholder perspectives. 2025 CEO Target Compensation 2025 Other NEO Avg. Target Compensation Compensation best practices What We Do What We Do Not Do CHCC oversight of incentive metrics, goals and pay/performance relationship, including annual review of compensation structure Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) and Long-Term Incentive (LTI) payouts are capped at a maximum level (200% of target), discouraging inappropriate risk-taking Provide a performance-based annual target LTI mix which includes 50% performance stock units, 30% restricted stock units, and 20% stock options Independent compensation consultant Annually review risks associated with compensation programs Maintain robust stock ownership guidelines for both directors and executives Clawback policy Include a double-trigger change in control provision in our executive Change in Control plan CEO pay approved by independent directors We do not allow pledging or hedging of Company shares We do not provide tax gross-ups on change-in-control benefits We do not allow backdating, repricing or granting of option awards retroactively We do not count unvested options or unvested performance stock units towards stock ownership guidelines We do not provide excessive perquisites to our NEOs 10 GE Vernova Proxy Summary 3 Ratification of the Appointment of Deloitte Touche LLP as Our Independent Auditor for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2026 The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal. See page 77 4 Stockholder Proposal Requesting Report Assessing Sustainability Goals on the Basis of Net-Present-Value and Return- on-Investment Calculation The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal. See page 80 2026 Proxy Statement 11 PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF OUR CLASS II DIRECTORS FOR A THREE-YEAR TERM EXPIRING AT OUR 2029 ANNUAL MEETING Proposal Summary Our Board currently consists of nine directors. Until the conclusion of the 2029 annual meeting of stockholders, our Board is divided into three classes, with each class consisting of one-third of the total number of directors. The directors designated as Class II directors have terms expiring at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee recommended and the Board nominated the following three incumbent Class II directors for election at the Annual Meeting to hold office until the 2029 annual meeting of stockholders (2029 Annual Meeting) or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Matthew Harris Martina Hund-Mejean Paula Rosput Reynolds On April 2, 2024, we completed the spin-off from General Electric Company (GE), which now operates as GE Aerospace (Spin-Off), and became an independent, publicly traded company. Prior to the Spin-Off, GE s board of directors determined that GE Vernova would initially have a classified board of directors that would sunset by 2029, which means that all directors will be elected annually by the 2029 Annual Meeting. This structure is intended to maintain continuity of leadership at the Board level during GE Vernova s first years of operation as an independent, publicly held company. Our Class III directors have terms expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and our Class I directors have terms expiring at our 2028 annual meeting of stockholders. Commencing with the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, directors of the class standing for election will be elected to hold office for a term of office to expire at the 2029 Annual Meeting. Commencing with the 2029 Annual Meeting, all directors will be elected annually and will hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders. Effective as of the conclusion of the 2029 Annual Meeting, our Board will no longer be divided into three classes. Our Board will be Fully Declassified by the 2029 Annual Meeting The Board recommends a vote FOR the election of Matthew Harris, Martina Hund-Mejean and Paula Rosput Reynolds 12 GE Vernova Proposal 1: Election of our Class II Directors for a Three-Year Term Expiring at our 2029 Annual Meeting Director profile Independence 8 Independent 1 Not Independent Demographics 3 Female 6 Male 3 Black / Latino Age 1 50 years 5 50-65 years 3 65 years Tenure 9 3 years Director nominations Based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Board proposes a slate of nominees to the stockholders for election to the Board. Stockholders may recommend nominees for consideration by the Nominating and Governance Committee by submitting the names and supporting information concerning the potential candidate s qualifications to: Corporate Secretary, GE Vernova, 58 Charles Street, Cambridge, MA 02141. The size of the Board consists of such number of directors as shall be determined from time to time solely by resolution of the Board. Prior to the 2029 annual meeting, any director elected to fill a newly created directorship between annual meetings, which results from an increase in the number of directors, will hold office for a term that coincides with the remaining term of the class of directors to which he/she is elected, and any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors will have the same remaining term as that of his/her predecessor. Starting after the 2029 annual meeting, the Board may elect directors to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders. In addition to considering candidates recommended by stockholders, the Nominating and Governance Committee considers potential candidates recommended by current directors, Company officers, employees and others, including by retention of an executive recruiting firm. The committee considers all potential candidates in the same manner regardless of the source of the recommendation. Furthermore, as described under Self-Evaluation, the Board assesses its effectiveness annually through evaluation at the Board and committee levels of the effectiveness of the directors and their ability to work as a team in the long-term interests of the Company. As part of this evaluation process, the Board discusses the skills and experience of current Board members as well as skills and experience of directors needed in the future to align with the evolution of the Company s strategy. The Board does not believe that directors should expect to be renominated at the end of their respective terms. The annual board self-evaluation process is a determinant for board tenure. Additionally, directors will not be nominated for election to the Board after their 75 th birthday, except in special circumstances. IMPORTANT FACTORS IN ASSESSING BOARD COMPOSITION The Nominating and Governance Committee assists the Board in identifying qualified individuals to become Board members, making recommendations on the composition of the Board and its committees, monitoring a process to assess Board effectiveness, developing and implementing the Company s Governance Principles, overseeing risks related to the Company s governance structure, and overseeing other issues of significance that affect investors and other key stakeholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers a wide range of factors when selecting and recruiting director candidates, including independence, a variety of views and experience, qualifications, skills, experience, and background. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Proposal 1: Election of our Class II Directors for a Three-Year Term Expiring at our 2029 Annual Meeting The Board and the Nominating and Governance Committee work together to provide that the members of the Board as a whole, and the committees independently, possess the skills, experience, and commitment to effectively administer their oversight responsibilities and to align with the Company s strategy. Directors should possess leadership experience; the highest personal and professional ethics, integrity, and values; a passion for learning; a sense of priorities and balance; talent development experience; and commitment to representing the long-term interests of our stockholders. They must also have an inquisitive and objective perspective, practical wisdom, and mature judgment. We endeavor to have a Board that represents a range of experience at policymaking levels in business, government, education, and technology, and deep domain expertise in areas that are relevant to the Company s global activities, as well as various demographic attributes. The Nominating and Governance Committee assesses its effectiveness in this regard as part of the annual self-evaluation process. OVERBOARDING Our directors must be willing to devote sufficient time to carrying out their duties and responsibilities effectively and should be committed to serve on the Board for an extended period of time. Directors who also serve as executive officers of public companies should not serve on more than one board of a public company in addition to the GE Vernova Board. Other directors should not serve on more than three other boards of public companies in addition to the GE Vernova Board, absent special circumstances, such as a period of transition. Service by a director on the board of a public company for which he or she serves as an executive officer, together with service on the board of any public company subsidiary or public affiliates as part of the director s executive responsibilities shall count as one board for purposes of this limit. Members of the Audit Committee should not serve on more than three audit committees of public companies (including the Company s Audit Committee), unless the member is a retired certified public accountant, CFO, controller or has similar experience, in which case the limit for such member shall be four public company audit committees (including the Company s Audit Committee) if the Board affirmatively determines that such service does not impair service on the Company s Audit Committee. 14 GE Vernova Proposal 1: Election of our Class II Directors for a Three-Year Term Expiring at our 2029 Annual Meeting Director skills The directors on our Board were selected because they bring a strong mix of domain expertise, varied perspectives, and leadership experience to help GE Vernova lead the energy transition. Collectively, our Board has over a century of energy experience. The skills matrix below is intended as a high-level summary. Steve Angel Nicholas K. Akins Arnold W. Donald Matthew Harris Jesus Malave Martina Hund- Mejean Paula Rosput Reynolds Scott Strazik Kim K. W. Rucker Technology Innovation l l l Manufacturing Operations l l l l l Human Capital l l l l l l l l Energy l l l l l l Risk Management l l l l l l l l Executive Experience l l l l l l l l l Finance Accounting l l l l l l l Safety l l l l l l Sustainability l l l l Demographics Age 70 65 71 65 57 65 69 47 59 Tenure (years) 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Proposal 1: Election of our Class II Directors for a Three-Year Term Expiring at our 2029 Annual Meeting Director biographies Class II Director Nominees Matthew Harris | 65 Founding Partner, Global Infrastructure Partners Independent Director Since: April 2024 Committees: Audit Safety and Sustainability Skills Energy Technology Innovation Executive Experience Finance Accounting Sustainability Qualifications Mr. Harris has spent his career working in the infrastructure and energy investment industry, including having been a founder of Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investment firm, where he was involved in that firm s investment, management, and strategic activities. Those roles included global energy transition and decarbonization investment and capital formation strategy and energy industry investment activities. Experience Founding Partner, Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP), an infrastructure investment firm (Since 2006) Co-Head of the Global Energy Group and Head of the EMEA Emerging Markets Group, Credit Suisse First Boston (1994-2005) Senior member of the Mergers and Acquisitions Group, Kidder Peabody Co. Incorporated (1984-1994) Current Public Company Boards GE Vernova Past Public Company Boards EnLink Midstream LLC Hess Midstream Partners Other Positions Chairman of the Advisory Board, Columbia University Center for Global Energy Policy Member, Columbia University Climate School Advisory Board Member, UCLA College of Social Sciences Dean s Advisory Board Director, Pioneer Works Director, World Wildlife Fund Education Bachelor s degree in political science from University of California at Los Angeles Martina Hund-Mejean | 65 Former Chief Financial Officer, MasterCard Inc. Independent Director Since: May 2024 Committees: Audit (Chair) Compensation and Human Capital Skills Finance Accounting Executive Experience Risk Management Technology Innovation Human Capital Qualifications Ms. Hund-Mejean has served in senior financial leadership roles for much of her career in large, publicly-traded companies. Those roles also included significant responsibilities for strategy, M A, business integration, operations, technology, and risk management. She also has extensive experience in leadership roles on public company boards of large financial, consumer and energy companies. Experience Chief Financial Officer, MasterCard Inc., a technology company in the global payments industry (2007 2019) Senior Vice President and Treasurer, Tyco International Ltd. (2002 2007) Senior Vice President and Treasurer, Lucent Technologies Inc. (2000 2002) Held multiple finance positions of increasing responsibility, General Motors Company (1988-2000) Current Public Company Boards GE Vernova Prudential Financial, Inc. Colgate-Palmolive Company Past Public Company Boards Shell PLC Other Positions Current Board trustee and Former Chair, Darden School Foundation Board of Trustees at the University of Virginia Member, Council of Foreign Relations American Council on Germany Chair, Mastercard Impact Fund Education Master s degree in economics from University of Freiburg, Germany M.B.A. from the Darden School at The University of Virginia 16 GE Vernova Proposal 1: Election of our Class II Directors for a Three-Year Term Expiring at our 2029 Annual Meeting Class II Director Nominees (Cont.) Paula Rosput Reynolds | 69 President and Chief Executive Officer, PreferWest, LLC Independent Director Since: April 2024 Committees: Audit Safety and Sustainability (Chair) Skills Sustainability Executive Experience Energy Safety Human Capital Risk Management Finance Accounting Qualifications Ms. Reynolds started her career at Pacific Gas Electric Corp in 1979 and spent over 35 years in the energy industry. We believe Ms. Reynolds is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of her significant leadership experience, energy sector knowledge, and prior experience on other public companies boards of directors, including the GE board of directors. Experience President and Chief Executive Officer, PreferWest LLC, a business advisory firm (Since 2009) Vice Chairman and Chief Restructuring Officer, American International Group (2008 2009) Chairman, President and CEO, Safeco Insurance Company of America (2005 2008) Chairman and CEO, AGL Resources (1998 2005) CEO, Duke Energy Power Services (1995 1998) Current Public Company Boards GE Vernova Linde plc National Grid plc (Chair) Past Public Company Boards CBRE Group, Inc. Coca-Cola Enterprises BAE Systems plc BP plc Delta Air Lines, Inc. GE TC Energy Corporation (formerly TransCanada Corporation) Other Positions Trustee, the Eureka Foundation Education Bachelor s degree from Wellesley College Class I Directors Steve Angel | 70 President and Chief Executive Officer, CSX Corp. Independent, Non-Executive Chair Director Since: April 2024 Committees: Nominating and Governance Skills Safety Executive Experience Manufacturing Operations Sustainability Energy Risk Management Human Capital Qualifications Mr. Angel has extensive executive, management and operations experience in the energy and industrial industries, including serving as chief executive officer and president of CSX Corp. and having served as chief executive officer of a leading global industrial gases and engineering company. Mr. Angel also has significant public company board experience. Experience Chief Executive Officer and President, CSX Corp. (Nasdaq: CSX), a U.S. freight railroad company (Since September 2025) Chief Executive Officer, Linde plc (Nasdaq: LIN), a leading global industrial gases and engineering company (2018 March 2022) Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Praxair, Inc. (2007 October 2018) President and Chief Operating Officer, Praxair, Inc. (2006 2007) Executive Vice President, Praxair, Inc. (2001 2006) Variety of management positions, GE (1979 2001) Current Public Company Boards CSX Corp. GE Vernova Past Public Company Boards GE Aerospace Linde plc (Chair) Praxair, Inc. (Chair) PPG Industries, Inc. Other Positions Member of the Business Council Education Bachelor s degree in civil engineering from North Carolina State University M.B.A. from Loyola College 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Proposal 1: Election of our Class II Directors for a Three-Year Term Expiring at our 2029 Annual Meeting Class I Director (cont d) Arnold W. Donald | 71 Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Carnival Corporation plc Independent Director Since: April 2024 Committees: Compensation and Human Capital (Chair) Nominating and Governance Skills Human Capital Risk Management Manufacturing Operations Executive Experience Safety Finance Accounting Qualifications Mr. Donald has more than three decades of strategic planning, global operations, and risk management experience in regulated, consumer, retail, and distribution businesses, including through his service as President and Chief Executive Officer of one of the world s largest leisure travel companies with operations worldwide and his extensive experience as a public company director. Experience President and Chief Executive Officer, Carnival Corporation plc (NYSE: CCL), an American and British cruise operator (July 2013 August 2022) Chief Executive Officer, Merisant Company (2000 2003) Chairman, Merisant Company (2000 2005) Various senior leadership positions including Co-President of Agricultural Group and President of Nutrition and Consumer Sector, Monsanto (1977 2000) Current Public Company Boards Bank of America Corporation GE Vernova MP Materials Corp. Salesforce, Inc. Past Public Company Boards Carnival Corporation plc Crown Holdings, Inc. Laclede Group Inc. Other Positions Director, Foster Farms Education Bachelor s degree in economics from Carleton College Bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering from Washington University in St. Louis M.B.A. from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business Jesus Malave | 57 Chief Financial Officer, The Boeing Company Independent Director Since: April 2024 Committees: Audit Compensation and Human Capital Skills Risk Management Executive Experience Manufacturing Operations Finance Accounting Human Capital Technology Innovation Safety Qualifications Mr. Malave has served in senior financial leadership roles for much of his career in large, publicly-traded defense, manufacturing and industrial companies. Those roles have also included significant responsibilities and experience relating to operations and risk management. Experience Chief Financial Officer, The Boeing Company, a global aerospace company (NYSE: BA) (Since August 2025 ) Chief Financial Officer, Lockheed Martin Corporation, an American defense and aerospace manufacturer (NYSE: LMT) (January 2022 - April 2025 ) Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, L3Harris Technologies, Inc., an American technology company, defense contractor, and information technology services provider (NYSE: LHX) (June 2019 - January 2022) Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, UTC s Carrier Corporation, RTX Corporation (formerly United Technologies Corporation (UTC)) (April 2018 - June 2019) Chief Financial Officer, Aerospace Systems, UTC (January 2015 - April 2018) Current Public Company Boards GE Vernova Past Public Company Boards None Education Bachelor s degree in mathematics from the University of Connecticut Master s degree in accounting from University of Hartford J.D. degree from University of Connecticut School of Law 18 GE Vernova Proposal 1: Election of our Class II Directors for a Three-Year Term Expiring at our 2029 Annual Meeting Class III Directors Nicholas K. Akins | 65 Former Executive Chair, American Electric Power Company, Inc. Independent Director Since: April 2024 Committees: Nominating and Governance (Chair) Safety and Sustainability Skills Energy Executive Experience Manufacturing Operations Risk Management Human Capital Sustainability Safety Qualifications Mr. Akins rose through the ranks at both American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) and the former Central and South West Corp., which merged with AEP in 2000. We believe Mr. Akins is well-qualified to serve on our Board because of his extensive leadership experience and energy sector knowledge. Experience Executive Chair, American Electric Power Company, Inc., an American domestic electric utility company (Nasdaq: AEP) (January 2023 - October 2023) Chair of the Board of Directors, AEP (January 2014 - December 2022) Chief Executive Officer, AEP (November 2011 - December 2022) President, AEP (January 2011 - December 2022) Current Public Company Boards DTE Energy Company Fifth Third Bancorp GE Vernova Past Public Company Boards American Electric Power Company, Inc. Other Positions Director, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Education Bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from Louisiana Tech University Master s degree in electrical engineering from Louisiana Tech University Kim K.W. Rucker | 59 Former Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Andeavor (formerly Tesoro Corp.) Independent Director Since: April 2024 Committees: Audit Compensation and Human Capital Skills Energy Executive Experience Human Capital Risk Management Finance Accounting Qualifications Ms. Rucker has extensive experience in legal, regulations, complex transactions, human capital, and risk management gained during the course of her career serving as an executive of large publicly-traded companies, including companies in the energy industry, and having served as partner in a large, international law firm. She also has extensive experience in leadership roles on public company boards in various industries, including the energy industry. Experience Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Andeavor (formerly Tesoro Corporation), an integrated marketing, logistics, and refining company acquired by Marathon Petroleum Corporation (March 2016 October 2018) Interim Chief Human Resources Officer, Andeavor (February 2017 - April 2018) Executive Vice President, Corporate Legal Affairs, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary, Kraft Foods Group, Inc. (2012 2015) Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer, Avon Products, Inc. (2008 - 2012) Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer, Energy Future Holdings Corp. (2004 2008) Partner in the Corporate Securities group, Sidley Austin LLP Current Public Company Boards Celanese Corporation GE Vernova HP Inc. Marathon Petroleum Corporation Past Public Company Boards Lennox International, Inc. Education B.B.A. in Economics from University of Iowa J.D. from Harvard Law School Master s degree in Public Policy from John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Proposal 1: Election of our Class II Directors for a Three-Year Term Expiring at our 2029 Annual Meeting C lass III Directors (Cont.) Scott Strazik | 47 Chief Executive Officer and President, GE Vernova Director Since: April 2024 Committees: None Skills Energy Executive Experience Risk Management Finance Accounting Manufacturing Operations Safety Human Capital Qualifications Mr. Strazik has more than 25 years of finance, operations, and leadership experience with GE, including more than ten years in GE s power businesses. We believe Mr. Strazik is qualified to serve as a director given his years of experience in the energy industry and because he is our Chief Executive Officer and President. Experience Chief Executive Officer and President, GE Vernova Inc. (Since July 2025) Chief Executive Officer, GE Vernova Inc. (April 2024 - July 2025) Chief Executive Officer , GE Vernova (November 2021 - April 2024) CEO, GE Gas Power business (2018 October 2021) President and CEO, GE Power Services business (2017 2018) Sales and Commercial Operations Leader, GE Gas Power Systems business (July 2016 - October 2017) Chief Financial Officer, GE Gas Power Systems business (July 2013 - June 2016) Chief Financial Officer, GE Aviation s Commercial Engine Operations organization (May 2011 - June 2013) Current Public Company Boards GE Vernova Education Bachelor s degree in industrial labor relations from Cornell University Master s degree from Columbia University s School of International and Public Affairs with a focus on Economics and Public Policy 20 GE Vernova CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board leadership structure GE Vernova believes that independent board oversight is an essential component of strong corporate performance. We currently have an independent, non-executive Chair of the Board, and believe that the Board should have the flexibility to fashion its independent Board oversight with either an independent Chair or an independent lead director. We do not have policies on whether the positions of Chair and CEO should always be separated and whether an executive or an independent director should serve as the Chair, as we believe the structure should be based upon the needs of the Company at any given time. Maintaining this flexibility allows our Board to choose the leadership structure that will best serve the interests of the Company and its stockholders. Why Our Board Leadership Structure is Appropriate for GE Vernova at this Time The Board believes that its current leadership structure is in the best interests of GE Vernova and its stockholders. The Board recognizes that its leadership structure particularly the combination or separation of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Board Chair roles is driven by the needs of the Company and its stockholders and that different leadership structures are appropriate for different circumstances. In consultation with the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Chair oversees the Board s periodic review of the Board s leadership structure to evaluate whether it remains appropriate for the Company based on its needs. The Board has concluded that this leadership structure, in which the roles of Chair and CEO are separate, continues to be the most appropriate one for the Company. The Board believes that independent Board leadership is an important component of our governance structure. Our Governance Principles require us to have either an independent Board Chair or, if the positions of Chair and CEO are held by the same person, an independent lead director. The Board believes its current leadership structure of separating the roles of Board Chair and CEO allows our CEO to focus his time and energy on setting the strategic direction for the Company, overseeing daily operations, engaging with external constituents, developing our leaders, building our culture, and promoting employee engagement at all levels of the organization, all of which are critically important as a new public company. Meanwhile, this structure allows our independent Board Chair to lead the Board in the performance of its duties by establishing agendas and ensuring appropriate meeting content, engaging with the CEO and senior leadership team between Board meetings on business developments, and providing overall guidance to our CEO as to the Board s views and perspectives, particularly on the strategic direction of the Company. The Board also believes this leadership structure, coupled with independent directors serving as Chairs of each of our four Board committees, enhances the Board s effectiveness in providing independent oversight of material risks affecting the Company and fulfilling its risk oversight responsibility. The Chair's Role The Chair (or the lead director, if the Chair and the CEO positions were combined) leads meetings of the independent directors and regularly meets with the CEO for discussion of matters arising from these meetings, calls additional meetings of the independent directors or the entire Board as deemed appropriate, serves as a liaison on board-related issues between the CEO and the independent directors and performs such other functions as the Board may direct, including: 1. advising the Nominating and Governance Committee on the selection of committee chairs; 2. approving the agenda, schedule and information sent to the directors for Board meetings; 3. working with the CEO and corporate secretary to propose an annual schedule of major discussion items for the Board s approval; and 4. guiding the Board s governance processes, including the annual board self-evaluation, succession planning, and other governance-related matters. The Chair (or the lead director, if the Chair and the CEO positions were combined) is also available for engagement, consultation and direct communication with the Company s major stockholders. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Corporate Governance Board committees Committee Purpose and Responsibilities The purpose and key responsibilities of each committee of the Board are listed below. For more detail, see the Governance Principles and charters of each committee. These materials can be found in the Investors section of our website, gevernova.com/investors , under Governance. Audit Committee Chair : Martina Hund-Mejean Members: Matthew Harris Jesus Malave Paula Rosput Reynolds Kim K.W. Rucker Meetings in 2025: 9 Independent Directors: 100% The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing reports of our financial results, the independence and qualifications of the independent auditor, the performance of the Company s internal audit function and its system of internal controls and the independent auditor, adherence to our code of conduct, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In furtherance of this responsibility, as set out more fully in its charter, the committee performs certain functions, including: selecting the independent registered public accounting firm, approving all related fees and compensation, overseeing the work of the independent accountant, and reviewing its selection with the Board; annually pre-approving the proposed services to be provided by the independent registered accounting firm during the year; reviewing the procedures of the independent registered public accounting firm for ensuring its independence and other qualifications with respect to the services performed for us; reviewing and approving related person transactions under our related person transactions policy; reviewing any significant changes in accounting principles or developments in accounting practices and the effects of those changes upon our financial reporting; assessing the effectiveness of our internal audit function, which is overseen by the Audit Committee, and overseeing the adequacy of internal controls and risk management processes; overseeing and reviewing the compliance function and culture; assessing our cybersecurity practices at least annually and overseeing associated compliance monitoring; assessing our enterprise risk management practices at least annually and overseeing associated compliance monitoring; and meeting with management prior to each quarterly earnings release and periodically to discuss the appropriate approach to earnings press releases and the type of financial information and earnings guidance to be provided to analysts and rating agencies. Per the Audit Committee charter, all Audit Committee members shall be financially literate, and at least one member shall be an audit committee financial expert as defined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our Board has determined that Messrs. Harris and Malave and Mses. Hund-Mejean and Rosput Reynolds each qualify as an audit committee financial expert. 22 GE Vernova Corporate Governance Compensation and Human Capital Committee Chair: Arnold W. Donald Members: Jesus Malave Martina Hund-Mejean Kim K.W. Rucker Meetings in 2025: 4 Independent Directors: 100% The Compensation and Human Capital Committee is responsible for defining and articulating our overall executive compensation philosophy and key compensation policies, and administering and approving compensation for executive officers. In furtherance of this responsibility, as set out more fully in its charter, the committee performs certain functions, including: reviewing and approving the corporate goals and objectives relevant to the Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating performance in light of those goals and objectives and, together with the other independent directors, determining and approving the Chief Executive Officer s compensation based on this evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the evaluation process and compensation structure for the Company s executive officers and periodically reviewing other material elements of executive compensation, including deferred compensation, severance, and perquisites; evaluating the performance of the Company s executive officers (other than the Chief Executive Officer) and approving the annual compensation, including salary, bonus, and equity and non-equity incentive compensation, of such executive officers, based on initial recommendations from the Chief Executive Officer; reviewing our executive officer succession planning; approving, by direct action or through delegation to one or more executive officers of the Company, participation in our various equity plans and all equity awards, grants, and related actions under such equity plans; overseeing human capital management strategy; and monitoring compliance with stock ownership and clawback guidelines. Nominating and Governance Committee Chair: Nicholas K. Akins Members: Steve Angel Arnold W. Donald Meetings in 2025: 5 Independent Directors: 100% The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible primarily for the continuing review, definition, and articulation of our governance structure and practices. In furtherance of this responsibility, as set out more fully in its charter, the committee performs certain functions, including: leading the search for qualified individuals for election as our directors, including for inclusion in the slate of directors that the Board proposes for election by stockholders at the annual meeting of stockholders; recommending qualified candidates to the Board for election as directors based on the candidate s business or professional experience, the breadth of their backgrounds, their talents and perspectives, and the needs of the Board for certain areas of expertise at any given time; reviewing and assessing the independence of each director nominee; advising and making recommendations to the Board on all matters concerning directorship practices, and on the function, composition, and duties of the committees of the Board; reviewing our non-management director compensation practices; developing and making recommendations to the Board regarding governance processes and procedures, including a set of governance principles; resolving conflict of interest questions involving a director or an executive officer; reviewing and considering stockholder proposals and director nominees; and overseeing the manner in which the Company conducts its public policy and government relations activities. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Corporate Governance Safety and Sustainability Committee Chair: Paula Rosput Reynolds Members: Nicholas K. Akins Matthew Harris Meetings in 2025: 5 Independent Directors: 100% The Safety and Sustainability Committee is responsible for oversight of our environmental, health, and safety programs, as well as oversight of sustainability matters, including those related to environmental and human impacts associated with the Company's products, services and operations. In furtherance of this responsibility, as set out more fully in its charter, the committee performs certain functions, including: overseeing and reviewing the Company s environmental, health, safety and sustainability programs, policies, and goals and its progress towards achieving those goals; reviewing and overseeing the Company s sustainability program initiatives, strategy, positions on issues of corporate social responsibility, public policy statements, and external environmental, health, safety and sustainability disclosures and reports, including climate-related disclosures, human rights and other environmental, social, and governance matters and the related impacts, risks and opportunities; and reviewing significant political, legislative, regulatory, and public policy trends in environmental, health, safety, and sustainability that could impact the Company s business operations, performance, and reputation and disclosures. Self-evaluation Our Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing the annual self-evaluation process of the Board and its committees and the individual director evaluation process. For 2025, t he Nominating and Governance Committee recommended a process that enabled reflection on the Board s first full year of service. For the Board and each committee, the process consisted of a discussion in executive session, in each case led by the respective chair, who reviewed a list of topics that included composition, effectiveness at overseeing management, understanding of the Company s business, effectiveness of meetings and materials, clarity of responsibility, and effective discharge of duties pursuant to the relevant committee charter. The Nominating and Governance Committee determines the most appropriate evaluation process each year depending on the needs and circumstances of the Board and its committees, which process may also include individual director evaluations. Director orientation and education Director Orientation We hold orientation sessions for new directors designed to educate and familiarize the directors with our business, strategies, and policies and assist the directors in developing Company and industry knowledge in order to optimize their service on the Board. In addition, members of senior management conduct specific orientation sessions for members of the Audit Committee and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. Director Education Regular education for our Board members continued during 2025, including through educational sessions at Board meetings, site visits, briefings on topics that present special risks and opportunities to the Company, and additional opportunities to interact with members of management and other employees. The Board also visited multiple of our business and manufacturing facilities to understand the application of our lean operating system, to view our scientific and advanced research activities to create the technology breakthroughs that will feed our future product roadmaps, and to become familiar with emerging leaders in our extensive employee base that specializes in manufacturing, engineering, and services. In 2025, the Board visited customer sites to better understand fundamentals of our products and services. 24 GE Vernova Corporate Governance Key areas of oversight The Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of management and to assure that the long-term interests of the stockholders are being served. Both the Board and management recognize that the long-term interests of stockholders are advanced by responsibly addressing the interests of other stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, employees, recruits, GE Vernova communities, government officials and the public at large. The Board provides independent oversight to the Company, including its strategy, enterprise risks, and sustainability commitments and programs. Risk The Board provides independent risk oversight with a focus on the most significant risks facing the Company, including those that relate to strategic, operational, financial, legal and compliance, as well as sustainability, climate change and reputational matters. The Board has also delegated specific risk responsibility to its four committees, the members of which are all independent directors. Furthermore, the Board and its committees consult with advisors, including legal counsel and consultants. Management is responsible for managing risk. A summary of the allocation of risk oversight functions among the Board, its committees, and management is as follows: Board Corporate strategy Sustainability matters Climate change Reputation Mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures Market, policy, and geopolitical trends Competition Supply chain Operations Capital structure CEO and executive succession planning Audit Committee Nominating and Governance Committee Compensation and Human Capital Committee Safety and Sustainability Committee Financial statements, financial systems, and financial reporting processes Regulatory Compliance and litigation Enterprise risk management Cybersecurity Corporate governance structure and practices Conflicts of interest Political spending and lobbying Board structure, composition, leadership, refreshment, and succession planning Executive compensation policies and practices, including incentive compensation programs Human capital management Inclusive global workforce Workplace environment and culture Talent recruitment, development, engagement, and retention Environmental, health, safety and sustainability programs External sustainability reporting Climate-related disclosures, human rights and other environmental, social, and governance matters and the related impacts, risks and opportunities Significant political, legislative, regulatory, and public policy trends Management Identify and assess risks affecting the Company Report information regarding risks to the Board and/or committees of the Board Address identified risks Monitor risks on an ongoing basis 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Corporate Governance Strategy The Board has oversight responsibility for management s establishment and execution of corporate strategy, and elements of our strategy are regularly discussed at Board meetings and other engagements with management. The Board also engages directly with management, in and outside of Board meetings, to review the businesses strategic and operational priorities, customer needs, competitive environment, market challenges, economic trends, and regulatory developments. Our annual strategy planning process focuses on addressing key strategic questions identified for each business and for the enterprise. In 2025, our strategic plan was reviewed with the full Board in December. The entire senior executive leadership team and the Board jointly discussed the strategic priorities at both the enterprise and segment levels for the coming years, as informed by the multi-year strategic plan, which includes market outlook, segment strategy, enterprise strategic imperatives to invest in capabilities for breakthrough performance (such as profitable customer expansion, AI, automation, and robotics) and capital allocation priorities that deploy cash while continuously returning value to our stockholders. A long term orientation that balances near-term performance with long-term growth continues to guide how we set multi year priorities across our businesses, as well as our investments, capital allocation, budgets, and operational and financial objectives. The Board regularly discusses the Company s performance against its operating plan and annual budget, with a view toward alignment with our strategic priorities. The Board also reviews mergers, divestment and acquisition strategies, and significant transactions to shape the portfolio of businesses in line with the strategy. Safety We are committed to providing and promoting a safe and healthy working environment, using natural resources and energy in a sustainable way, and avoiding an adverse impact to employees and contractors, our customers, the environment, and the communities where we do business. We support our customers by maintaining the highest standards in safeguarding our employees, our contracting partners, and the environment. Safety is incorporated into our lean operating method and we prioritize safeguarding our employees and contractors. We also enhance our internal enterprise standards and core requirements regularly through a culture of continuous improvement and documenting opportunities to improve through internal and external audits. Our environmental, health and safety (EHS) management system includes measures to verify that we are monitoring adherence to GE Vernova EHS standards and regulatory requirements through audits and inspections. Operations are assessed on a regular basis as part of our management of change process to mitigate safety risks. EHS operational reviews at both the business and GE Vernova level address progress on program execution as well as strategy discussions related to emerging EHS risks. The Safety and Sustainability Committee of the Board oversees our environmental, health, and safety programs, policies and goals, and our progress towards achieving those goals. We have established a corporate EHS team, which is led by the Global EHS Leader, who sets the Company s overall EHS strategy, and EHS team members are responsible for setting goals and driving performance. Each business unit has its own EHS organization focused on business-specific risks and the execution of EHS strategy at each site. Our ultimate goal is that anyone who works for GE Vernova or does work on our behalf goes home safely at the end of their workday. Our expectations to maintain a safe, healthy work environment extend well beyond our own operations to all places where we work customer sites, field services, and at our project installation and construction locations. Fatality-free operations is our ultimate safety ambition and at the core of our safety strategy, programs, and management system. Our focus on preventing fatalities and severe safety events, largely in projects and services, is our top safety priority. In 2024, we launched our Life-Saving Rules, which are our instructions and critical controls for fatality-free operations. The Life Saving Rules were created to protect our workforce in potentially life-threatening situations with the mindset that rules should not be broken. The rules are themed around the ultimate responsibility all employees working for GE Vernova have: to start work only when it is safe, and stop when it is not. Sustainability The Board provides independent risk oversight with a focus on those risks most significant to the Company, including risks related to finance, operations, legal, and compliance, as well as sustainability, changing policy environments impacting energy, climate change regulations, and reputational matters. As a company whose technology base helps generate approximately 25% of the world s electricity, we have a strategic imperative to electrify and decarbonize the world while creating long-term value. We recognize the importance of the energy transition to our stockholders and other stakeholders. Our Board oversaw the development and implementation of our Sustainability Framework, which aligns sustainability with our core business strategy. 26 GE Vernova Corporate Governance Our Sustainability Framework is guided by our commitment to help the energy sector address the energy trilemma of reliability, affordability, and sustainability and our goals under the framework are evaluated under the same financial, operational, and risk frameworks that govern our investments. The four pillars of our Sustainability Framework are: Electrify, Decarbonize, Conserve, and Thrive. Electrify: Catalyze access to more secure, sustainable, reliable, and affordable electricity, while helping to drive global economic development. We seek to add power generation and grid capacity to strengthen current electricity infrastructure and provide critical redundancy, support electrification in underserved regions, and encourage economic development. Decarbonize: Invent, deploy, and service the technology to help decarbonize and electrify the world. As we add more electricity capacity and generation, we seek to simultaneously advance both the near-term impact of emissions by improving the trajectory on carbon intensity and the long-term impact by deploying products that are increasingly capable of lower carbon emissions once supporting infrastructure is deployed at scale. Conserve: Innovate more while using less. We are working to reduce both our direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions and have set a goal to achieve carbon neutrality for our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030. We also support the transition to a more circular economy and recognize the importance of critical raw materials and nature in our mission. We are working to track 90% of our top products sold to be covered by our circularity framework (4R Circularity Framework) by 2030, which accounts for the four product life cycle phases of our product portfolio based on the principles of rethink, reduce, reuse, and recycle, and includes adopting principles and practices such as eco-design. Thrive: Advance safe, responsible, and fair working conditions in our operations and across our value chain. We are committed to prioritizing safety, building and fostering a more inclusive workplace and culture, promoting a culture of compliance and ethics, and advancing human rights across our supply chain. Our Sustainability Framework and leading goals are embedded within and across our business activities through our Lean operating method. To further operationalize this Framework, we developed the Control Room - a cross-functional management system for our sustainability programs that is core to our internal operations and drives our external impact. The Control Room is led by our Chief Corporate Officer, who also serves as Chief Sustainability Officer, who supervises a cross-functional, global team, and chairs our Sustainability Council. The Chief Corporate Officer reports directly to our CEO. The Safety and Sustainability Committee of the Board further guides and oversees our sustainability goals, impacts, risks, and efforts. The existence of this committee demonstrates the Board s appreciation for how integral safety is to the fulfillment of the Company s mission and the importance of sustainability to be aligned to our business goals. This committee reviews external sustainability disclosures and reports, including the disclosure of climate-related disclosures, human rights and other environmental, social, and governance matters and the related impacts, risks and opportunities and other sustainability issues, as well as significant political, legislative, regulatory, and public policy trends in sustainability that could affect the company s business operations, performance, reputation, and disclosures. For more information on this committee, see Corporate Governance Board Committees in this proxy statement. More information that may be of interest to a variety of stakeholders about our Sustainability Framework, the leading goals we have adopted under the Framework and supporting metrics, and our disclosure and performance on a variety of topics such as safety, greenhouse gas emissions, environmental stewardship, ethics and compliance, culture and inclusion, supply chain and human rights, and other sustainability topics can be found in our 2024 Sustainability Report, available on our website at https://www.gevernova.com/sustainability . Stockholder engagement The Board and management believe in transparent and open communication with investors. Our Investor Relations team routinely engages in dialogue with stockholders and prospective stockholders on various topics, including business strategy, financial performance, capital allocation plans, corporate governance, and sustainability-related initiatives. On December 9, 2025, we hosted an Investor Update to raise our multi-year financial outlook and provide commentary on key longer-term trends. We also announced the increase of our share repurchase authorization and doubling of our dividend at the event. We believe that active stockholder engagement throughout the year promotes good corporate governance. Management reached out to stockholders representing approximately 44% of our outstanding shares (based on ownership reports as of December 31, 2025) to engage on governance and sustainability-related matters and received responses from stockholders representing approximately 23% of our outstanding shares. Members of our executive and senior leadership team met with stockholders representing 9% of our outstanding shares. In these conversations, management discussed a variety of topics with stockholders, including corporate governance, executive compensation, sustainability, and other strategic matters. Feedback from these conversations was shared with our Board of Directors as a key input into their efforts to ensure GE Vernova has the appropriate governance, sustainability, and compensation practices. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Corporate Governance Other governance policies and practices Corporate Governance Guidelines GE Vernova's commitment to good corporate governance is embodied in our Governance Principles. The Governance Principles set forth the Board s governance practices. The Nominating and Governance Committee assesses the Governance Principles on an ongoing basis in light of current practices. The following is a summary of our significant corporate governance practices. Key Corporate Governance Practices Majority of independent directors, with a goal of at least two-thirds independent; all director nominees are independent Election of directors by majority vote in uncontested elections No supermajority provisions in governing documents Independent non-executive Chair of the Board Chair oversees the Board s periodic review of its leadership structure Annual Board and committee self-evaluations Board-level oversight of sustainability matters Mandatory retirement age for directors Regular executive sessions of independent directors Board and committees may engage outside advisors independent of management Clawback policy that applies to all cash and equity incentive awards Prohibitions against hedging and pledging Robust stock ownership and retention requirements Limits on director outside board commitments (overboarding) No poison pill or dual-class shares Stockholder right to call special meetings with 25% ownership Proxy access provisions Meeting Attendance Directors are expected to attend all meetings of the Board, meetings of the committees on which they serve, and the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We understand, however, that occasionally a director may be unable to attend a meeting for good reason due to conflicts or unforeseen circumstances. In 2025, the Board held nine meetings, and the committees of the Board collectively held 23 meetings. In 2025, each of the directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of both the total number of Board meetings held during the period for which he or she was a director and the total number of meetings held by all Board committees on which he or she served (during the period he or she served). Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted our Code of Conduct, which qualifies as a code of ethics under Item 406 of Regulation S-K. The Code of Conduct applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. To the extent required under New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and SEC rules, we will disclose any waiver we grant to an executive officer or director under Code of Conduct, or certain amendments to Code of Conduct, on our website. Other Materials In addition, we have adopted Governance Principles and charters for each of the four committees of our Board. Materials, including the Code of Conduct, the Governance Principles, and charters for each committee are available on our website, https://www.gevernova.com/investors/governance , and copies will be provided free of charge to any stockholder requesting a copy by writing to: Corporate Secretary, 58 Charles St., Cambridge, MA 02141, USA. 28 GE Vernova Corporate Governance Director Independence Board Members The Governance Principles specify that the Company will have a majority of independent directors at all times with a goal that at least two-thirds of directors will be independent. The Board s Guidelines: The Board assesses independence as defined by NYSE rules. For a director to be considered independent, the Board must determine that he or she does not have any material relationship with GE Vernova. In addition to applying these guidelines, the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances when making determinations on independence. Applying the Guidelines: In assessing director independence, the Board considered relevant transactions, relationships, and arrangements, including as described in Independence Assessment below. Committee Members All members of the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, and the Nominating and Governance Committee must be independent, as defined by NYSE rules. Committee members must also meet additional committee-specific standards: Heightened standards for Audit Committee members: Under a separate SEC independence requirement, Audit Committee members may not accept any consulting, advisory, or other fees from GE Vernova or any of its subsidiaries, except compensation for Board service, and they may not be an affiliated person with the Company or a subsidiary. Heightened standards for members of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee: In determining whether Compensation and Human Capital Committee members are independent, NYSE rules require the Board to consider whether their sources of compensation, including any consulting, advisory, or other compensation paid by GE Vernova or a subsidiary, and any affiliate relationship involving the director, would impair their ability to make independent judgments about executive compensation. Although not required by NYSE or SEC rules, the charter of the Safety and Sustainability Committee requires that all its members be independent, as defined by NYSE rules. Independence Assessment The Company will have a majority of independent directors at all times, as independence is defined under the rules of the NYSE and determined by the Board. The Board assesses the independence of each director and director nominee annually, in accordance with the NYSE listing standards. The Board determined that Nicholas K. Akins, Steve Angel, Arnold W. Donald, Matthew Harris, Martina Hund-Mejean, Jesus Malave, Paula Rosput Reynolds, and Kim K.W. Rucker are independent, and that Scott Strazik is not independent. The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, and the Nominating and Governance Committee are independent and also satisfy applicable committee-specific independence requirements. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During fiscal year 2025, none of the members of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee was an officer or employee of the Company. No executive officer of the Company served on the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) or on the board of directors of any entity having an executive officer who serves on the Compensation and Human Capital Committee or on the Board. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Corporate Governance Communication with Independent Directors Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with the Board, individual directors, the non-management directors as a group, or with the Chair of the Board by sending an email to board@gevernova.com or by sending written materials to: Corporate Secretary, GE Vernova, 58 Charles St., Cambridge, MA 02141. GE Vernova's Corporate Secretary or Deputy Corporate Secretary reviews and forwards communications to the directors as appropriate. Communication involving substantive accounting or auditing matters are forwarded to the Audit Committee Chair. Certain items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board will not be forwarded, such as: business solicitation or advertisements; product- or service-related inquiries; junk mail or mass mailings; resumes or other job-related inquiries; spam; and overly hostile, threatening, potentially illegal, or similarly unsuitable communications. INSIDER TRADING POLICY The Company s Insider Trading Policy (the Policy) is a part of our Code of Conduct and prohibits insider trading and tipping. The Policy establishes standards of conduct for employees and others who obtain material nonpublic information through their work for GE Vernova to ensure full compliance with laws prohibiting insider trading and tipping. The Policy prohibits employees and others who obtain material or price-sensitive nonpublic information through their work for GE Vernova from the buying or selling, or recommending, or suggesting that anyone buy or sell, the stock or other securities of any public company, including GE Vernova, while in possession of material nonpublic information about the company. As part of the Company s procedures and controls to maintain compliance with the Policy, we have established trading procedures and controls, including a quarterly blackout period, trading preclearance for senior members of management and our Board, processes related to the adoption of 10b5-1 plans, and enterprise standards. We believe the Policy, and related trading procedures and controls, are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and NYSE listing standards. A copy of the Policy was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. ANTI-HEDGING AND ANTI-PLEDGING POLICY Our Board believes that the Company s executive officers and directors should not speculate or hedge their interests in the Company s stock. Therefore, as set forth in the Governance Principles, the Company s executive officers and directors are prohibited from entering into any derivative transactions in the Company s stock, including any short sale, forward sale, equity swap, option, or collar that is based on the Company s stock price. The Company s executive officers and directors are also prohibited from pledging the Company s stock. 30 GE Vernova RELATED-PERSON AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS Related person transaction policy How we review and approve related person transactions. We review all transactions, arrangements or relationships in which we participate and one of our directors, executive officers, or 5% stockholders (or their immediate family members) have an interest if the amount involved exceeds $120,000. The purpose of this review is to determine whether the director, executive officer, or 5% stockholder (or their family members) have a direct or indirect material interest in the transaction, arrangement, or relationship. The company s legal staff is primarily responsible for making these determinations based on the relevant facts and circumstances, and for developing and implementing processes and controls for obtaining information about these transactions from directors and executive officers. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews and approves any related person transaction. The committee approved the following transactions: the non-executive employment of Mr. Abate s son and Mr. Koziner s spouse by the Company, each with annual compensation between $120,000 and $400,000, plus customary benefits. As described in the Governance Principles, which are available on our website, in the course of reviewing and approving a related person transaction, the Audit Committee considers the factors described below. the nature of the related person s interest in the transaction; the material terms of the transaction, including without limitation, the amount and type of transaction; the importance of the transaction to the related person; the importance of the transaction to the Company; whether the transaction would impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in the best interest of the Company; and any other matters the committee deems appropriate, including any third-party fairness opinions or other expert review obtained by the Company in connection with the transaction. In its review of any related person transaction, the committee shall also consider if such transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company and its stockholders. Any committee member who is a related person with respect to a transaction under review may not participate in the committee s deliberations or vote respecting such transaction; provided, however, that such director may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the committee which considers the transaction. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Non-employee director compensation For 2025, our non-employee directors were entitled to receive cash and equity compensation as provided in our compensation program for the non-employee directors. Mr. Strazik, our CEO and President, received no compensation in connection with his service as a director. The Board approves the non-employee director compensation program (Director Compensation Program), at the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance Committee, which consults with the independent compensation consultant engaged by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, considers benchmarking, and recommends changes to the Board as necessary. In 2025 under the Director Compensation Program, our non-employee directors were compensated for service on the Board as follows: Cash Retainers Each non-employee director received an annual cash retainer of $140,000 and a non-employee director who served as the Chair of the Board received an additional annual cash retainer of $180,000. Chairs of the following committees received the following applicable additional annual cash retainers: (a) Audit Committee Chair: $30,000; (b) Compensation and Human Capital Committee Chair: $25,000; (c) Nominating and Governance Committee Chair: $20,000; and (d) Safety and Sustainability Committee Chair: $20,000. Cash retainers are payable quarterly in arrears and prorated for partial years of service. Non-employee directors are also permitted to elect to receive a grant of restricted stock units (RSUs) in lieu of their annual cash retainer (besides committee chair fees) and to further defer such equity (which will accrue dividend equivalent rights). See Non-Employee Director Compensation Deferral of Equity Grants below. Equity Grants Each non-employee director receives an annual grant of RSUs with an award value of $185,000. The grant is made on the date of our annual meeting of stockholders. In 2025, each non-employee director received an annual grant of 495 RSUs on May 14, 2025, which was determined by dividing the award value by $374.49 (which was the average closing price of our common stock from the 30-day period beginning on April 15, 2025, and ending on, and inclusive of, May 14, 2025). The grant will vest on the earliest of (i) the date of our next annual meeting of stockholders, (ii) the first anniversary of the grant date, (iii) a Change in Control (as defined in the applicable award agreement), and (iv) the applicable non-employee director s termination of service due to Disability (as defined in the GE Vernova 2024 Long Term Incentive Plan) or death, subject to continuous service through the applicable vesting date. Deferral of Equity Grants In 2025, directors were allowed to defer 100% of their equity grants (including any equity grants received in lieu of cash retainers). Deferred equity grants are payable in Company shares to the director 30 days following cessation of Board service, and they accrue dividend equivalent rights, which are paid out in cash when shares are delivered. Other Compensation Our independent directors may participate in the GE Vernova Foundation s Matching Gifts Program on the same terms as GE Vernova employees. Under this program, the GE Vernova Foundation matches for each participant up to $5,000 for annual contributions to approved charitable organizations. 32 GE Vernova Director Compensation Director Stock Ownership Requirements All independent directors are required to hold at least $700,000 (which is five times the cash portion of their annual retainer, or $140,000) worth of Company stock and/or RSUs while serving as a director of GE Vernova. Directors have five years from joining the GE Vernova board to attain this ownership threshold. Director compensation table The following table summarizes the compensation of our non-employee directors who served during 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Steve Angel $ 320,000 $ 214,256 $ 5,000 $ 539,256 Nicholas K. Akins $ 160,000 $ 214,256 $ 0 $ 374,256 Arnold W. Donald $ 165,000 $ 214,256 $ 5,000 $ 384,256 Matthew Harris $ 140,000 $ 214,256 $ 5,000 $ 359,256 Jesus Malave $ 140,000 $ 214,256 $ 0 $ 354,256 Martina Hund-Mejean $ 170,000 $ 214,256 $ 5,000 $ 389,256 Paula Rosput Reynolds $ 160,000 $ 214,256 $ 2,000 $ 376,256 Kim K. W. Rucker $ 140,000 $ 214,256 $ 3,000 $ 357,256 (1) In 2025, Mr. Angel elected to receive an equity grant of 855 RSUs in lieu of his annual cash retainer. (2) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of the 495 RSUs granted to each non-employee director on May 14, 2025, calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718. The grant will vest on the earliest of (i) the date of our next annual meeting of stockholders, (ii) the first anniversary of the grant date, (iii) a Change in Control (as defined in the applicable award agreement), and (iv) the applicable non-employee director s termination of service due to Disability (as defined in the GE Vernova 2024 Long Term Incentive Plan) or death, subject to continuous service through the applicable vesting date. The grant date fair value is based on $432.84 per share, the closing price of our common stock on the grant date, whereas the number of RSUs received was determined by dividing $185,000 by the average closing price of our common stock from the 30-day period beginning on April 15, 2025, and ending on, and inclusive of, May 14, 2025. The assumptions used in calculating the grant-date fair value of the awards reported in this column are set forth in Note 17 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. (3) Represents matching contributions to charitable organizations under the GE Vernova Foundation s Matching Gifts Program. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following is the biographical information for our Executive Officers. Biographical information for our CEO and President, Scott Strazik, is included above under Election of Directors . Ken Parks, 62, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Parks has served as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of GE Vernova since the Spin-Off, and, previously served as the CFO of the GE Vernova businesses from October 2023 until the Spin-Off. Mr. Parks brings extensive public company chief financial officer experience and 38 years of comprehensive financial leadership to the role. Most recently, Mr. Parks served as CFO for the global building materials producer, Owens Corning (NYSE: OC) from September 2020 to September 2023. Prior to Owens Corning, Mr. Parks served as CFO at global companies Mylan N.V. (MYLN) from 2016 to 2020 and Wesco International (NYSE: WCC) from June 2012 to June 2016. He was previously divisional CFO at United Technologies Corp (UTC) Fire Security and also served for three years as Director of Investor Relations at UTC, successfully leading through UTC s CEO transition. Mr. Parks also previously held finance roles at Carrier Corporation and York International and began his finance career with Coopers Lybrand. He became a Certified Public Accountant after completing a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting at the University of Tulsa. Vic Abate, 61, Chief Executive Officer, Wind. Mr. Abate has served as Chief Executive Officer, Wind of GE Vernova since April 2024. He served as Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of GE from September 2015 until April 2024, and previously also served as Chief Executive Officer, Wind of the GE Vernova businesses beginning in September 2023 until the Spin-Off. Mr. Abate has more than 30 years of senior leadership experience and transformation success from his tenure at GE. From June 2022 to September 2023, Mr. Abate served as CEO of GE s Onshore Wind business. From 2013 to 2015, he served as CEO of Gas Power Systems, where his team launched the HA gas turbine product line. Prior to that, from 2005 to 2013, he served as CEO of GE s Renewable Energy business. Mr. Abate was previously President of the board of directors of the American Wind Energy Association and was a member of the board of directors of UI Labs. Before joining GE, he worked for Allied Signal and Zurn Industries. Mr. Abate received a bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering and a master s degree in mechanical engineering from Union College, and an M.B.A. from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Steven Baert, 51, Chief People Officer. Mr. Baert has served as the Chief People Officer of GE Vernova since the Spin-Off, and prior to the Spin-Off, served as the Chief People Officer of the GE Vernova businesses from April 2023 until the Spin- Off. Most recently between September 2021 and March 2023, Mr. Baert advised venture capital and private equity companies on human capital matters, initially as Human Capital Officer and Senior Partner of Flagship Pioneering Inc., a life sciences-focused venture capital company, and subsequently as managing partner of Propuli GmbH, a management consulting business. Additionally, Mr. Baert previously served as Chief People Organization Officer and Member of the Executive Committee of Novartis (NYSE: NVS) from 2014 until September 2021. Mr. Baert held a number of leadership roles within the company, including Head of Human Resources for Emerging Growth Markets, Head of Human Resources, United States and Canada, and Global Head, Human Resources, Novartis Oncology. Prior to joining Novartis, Mr. Baert held senior HR positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) and Unilever (NYSE: UL). Mr. Baert also serves as a non-executive director, chair of the remuneration committee and member of the corporate governance committee on the board of directors of Pharming Group N.V. (Nasdaq: PHAR) and serves as a non-executive director of the supervisory board of Servier SAS, a French pharmaceuticals company. Mr. Baert holds a Master of Business Administration from the Vlerick Business School, Gent; a Master of Laws from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and a Bachelor of Laws from the Katholieke Universiteit Brussels. Eric Gray, 50, Chief Executive Officer, Power. Mr. Gray has served as the Chief Executive Officer, Power of GE Vernova since January 2026. Prior to that, Mr. Gray served as President and CEO of Gas Power of GE Vernova from April 2024 to December 2025, and President and CEO of Gas Power of the GE Vernova businesses from July 2022 until the Spin-Off. From January 2019 to June 2022, Mr. Gray served as CEO of Gas Power in the Americas of the GE Vernova businesses. Prior to that, Mr. Gray served in various roles of increasing responsibility at GE since 2001. Mr. Gray received a bachelor s degree in chemistry from Indiana University and an M.B.A. from Georgia State University. 34 GE Vernova Executive Officers Pablo Koziner, 53, Chief Commercial and Operations Officer. Mr. Koziner has served as the Chief Commercial and Operations Officer of GE Vernova since May 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Koziner served as the Chief Commercial Officer of GE Vernova from April 2024 to April 2025 and Chief Commercial Officer of the GE Vernova businesses from January 2024 until the Spin-Off. From October 2023 to December 2023, Mr. Koziner served as the Chief Strategy Officer of the GE Vernova businesses. Prior to that, Mr. Koziner served as President of Energy Commercial of Nikola Corporation, an American manufacturer of heavy-duty commercial battery-electric vehicles, from October 2020 to December 2022 and President, Nikola Energy Company from June 2020 to September 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Koziner served in various capacities at Caterpillar Inc., a manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, including as President of Solar Turbines, Vice President of Electric Power, and in various roles in North and South America leading dealer relations. Mr. Koziner received a bachelor s degree in political science and a juris doctor from Boston College. Lola F. Lin, 51, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. Ms. Lin has served as the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of GE Vernova since September 2025. Prior to that Ms. Lin served as Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Compliance Officer and Secretary of Howmet Aerospace Inc., an American aerospace company, from June 2021 to August 2025. Prior to joining Howmet, Ms. Lin served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Airgas, Inc., a leading U.S. supplier of industrial, medical, and specialty gases, from July 2016 to May 2021. Prior to her time at Airgas, Ms. Lin held various legal roles at Air Liquide USA LLC from 2007 to 2016, including as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. Prior to her roles at Airgas Inc. and Air Liquide, Ms. Lin held roles at Dell Inc., Sutherland Asbill Brennan LLP, and Locke Liddell Sapp LLP. Ms. Lin received a bachelor s degree from The University of Texas at Austin and a juris doctor from the University of Houston College of Law. Philippe Piron, 55, Chief Executive Officer, Electrification. Mr. Piron has served as the Chief Executive Officer, Electrification of GE Vernova since January 2026. Mr. Piron previously served as the CEO, Electrification Systems of GE Vernova from April 2024 to December 2025, and as the CEO, Electrification Systems of the GE Vernova businesses from April 2023 until the Spin-Off. Mr. Piron is also serving as President and CEO of Power Conversion and Storage of GE Vernova since January 2025, has served as the CEO of Power Conversion of GE Vernova from April 2024 to December 2024, and until the Spin-Off, as CEO of GE Power Conversion beginning in November 2020. Furthermore, Mr. Piron has served as CEO of Grid Solutions of GE Vernova since the Spin-Off, and prior to the Spin-Off, served as CEO of GE Grid Solutions from April 2022 to March 2024. Prior to that, Mr. Piron served as President and CEO, Alcatel Submarine Networks of Nokia, a Finnish multinational telecommunications and information technology corporation, from April 2016 to December 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Piron held various roles of increasing responsibility at GEA Group, Roxel, and Roland Berger Strategy Consultants. Mr. Piron received a PhD in Technology Management from cole Polytechnique (X) in France and a MSc. from the Lyon School of Management (EM Lyon). 2026 Proxy Statement 35 PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY (NON-BINDING) VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NEOs (SAY-ON-PAY) Proposal Summary As required by Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), as amended, we are requesting our stockholders to vote to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation of our named executive officers (NEOs) as described in detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) and the accompanying tables in the Executive Compensation section of this proxy statement. This vote is commonly known as Say-on-Pay. Stockholders should review the CD A beginning on page 37 and the Summary Compensation Table and other executive compensation information and tables beginning on page 58 , for information on our executive compensation programs and other important items. We believe that the information provided in this proxy statement demonstrates that our executive compensation programs are designed to link pay to performance. Accordingly, the Board recommends that stockholders approve the compensation of our NEOs by approving the following Say-on-Pay resolution: RESOLVED, that the stockholders of GE Vernova Inc. approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the named executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table, as disclosed in the GE Vernova Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables, and the accompanying footnotes and narratives. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather our overall compensation policies and procedures related to the NEOs. Although the results of the Say-on-Pay vote do not bind the Company, the Board will, as it does each year, continue to review the results carefully and plans to continue to seek the views of our stockholders throughout the year. The Board recommends a vote FOR approval of the compensation of our named executive officers. 36 GE Vernova EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation discussion and analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information about our 2025 compensation program and decisions for our 2025 named executive officers (NEOs) listed below. Our executive compensation program, underpinned by our pay-for-performance philosophy, delivers compensation to our NEOs that is intrinsically and strongly linked to GE Vernova performance. Scott Strazik , Chief Executive Officer and President Ken Parks , Chief Financial Officer Mavi Zingoni , Former Chief Executive Officer, Power Philippe Piron , Chief Executive Officer, Electrification Steven Baert , Chief People Officer Rachel Gonzalez , Former General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Executive summary GE Vernova Executive Compensation Policies The Company s executive compensation policies are designed to attract and retain executive talent by providing competitive levels of compensation that align pay with performance. Consistent with our compensation philosophy, we take a market-based approach to establishing competitive compensation levels. Additionally, we use both short- and long-term performance-based compensation to align compensation with our financial performance and stockholder returns. The CHCC provides ongoing oversight of our executive compensation program, ensuring it continuously aligns with our compensation philosophy and strategic business objectives, while also accounting for market-based insight and stockholder perspectives. 2025 Year in Review GE Vernova delivered strong performance in 2025, with orders of $59 billion and revenue of $38 billion, along with significant margin expansion and free cash flow* more than doubling versus the prior year. Our healthy and growing backlog (1) grew to $150 billion, up $31 billion in 2025, while also expanding margins, providing shareholders visibility to increasing future revenue and earnings. Our financial strategy remains unchanged driven by disciplined top line growth, solid underwriting, and continued growth in services. We see a stronger financial trajectory ahead with substantially higher returns expected beyond 2028. At a segment level, in Power , we delivered another strong year with robust growth and margin expansion led by Gas Power. We continue to see accelerating demand into 2026 driven by multiple factors including demand from traditional customers and data centers associated with artificial intelligence (AI), and we are investing to increase Gas Power capacity. Services, both a major business and source of cash flow for GE Vernova, also delivered a strong year with our Power services backlog reaching $70 billion, up $9 billion year-over-year, as our customers invest into their existing plants. We continue to see nuclear power playing an important role, leading to life-extension and upgrade opportunities for today s existing fleet, while we advance our BWRX-300 small modular reactor (SMR) standard design for the future. * Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix for additional information. (1) Backlog defined on a remaining performance obligation (RPO) basis. 2026 Proxy Statement 37 Executive Compensation Our Wind segment generated similar segment EBITDA losses in 2025 versus the prior year despite the impact of tariffs, driven by improved pricing and higher turbine deliveries at Onshore Wind, offset by Offshore Wind due to the absence of a contract cancellation settlement gain recorded in the third quarter of 2024, net of lower contract losses. We remain focused on executing our strategy in Wind and improving margins going forward. In Electrification , we delivered significant growth and margin expansion in 2025 while rapidly increasing our backlog (1) . Electrification provides critical grid components including transformers, switchgears, and high-voltage direct current (HVDC) systems, which are essential to ensuring a reliable electricity system. In 2025, we saw strong orders and backlog growth from robust customer demand in Europe, the Middle East, North America, and Asia. We continue to maximize output from our existing factories through lean and labor productivity. GE Vernova also invested for disciplined growth and innovation in 2025. We are investing $11 billion in capital expenditures and R D from 2025 through 2028, including $1 billion for Prolec GE from 2026 to 2028. We are increasing investments in AI, robotics, and automation to drive productivity over the medium and long term. We executed on our capital allocation principles with our strong investment grade balance sheet, including investing for organic growth, returning at least one third of cash generation to shareholders, and targeted M A. We maintain a robust cash position bolstered by strategic moves to generate cash, simplify our portfolio, and invest in our core businesses. Since the Spin-Off, we ve created approximately $2.5 billion in completed or announced dispositions, simplifying the portfolio with negligible financial trade-offs. We returned $3.6 billion of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends in 2025. Given our strong cash position and growth trajectory, in December, we doubled our annual dividend to $2 per share and increased our repurchase authorization from $6 billion to $10 billion. As discussed above and highlighted below, aligned with our mission of electrifying to thrive and decarbonizing the world, we achieved strong operational and financial performance across a broad range of measures in 2025. As described further in this CD A, we designed our pay programs to align with shareholder interests. Strong performance is reflected in above-target Annual Incentive Plans (AIP) payouts for 2025, for example, which include a corporate multiplier of 157%. In 2025, our stock price increased by ~99% and our market capitalization was $176 billion as of December 31, 2025. From April 2, 2024, when GE Vernova became an independent publicly traded company, to December 31, 2025, our stock price has increased by over 360%. The value of the S P 500 Industrials index increased by only 25% over the same time period. CHCC Activity in 2025 During 2025, the CHCC met a total of four (4) times and discussed the following topics: Executive officer base salaries, target bonuses, and target LTI values Short-term incentive design and performance metrics Long-term incentive design, LTI vehicles, vesting, and performance metrics Short-term incentive payouts LTI grants The 2025 proxy statement Market trends and regulatory updates Perquisites Executive stock ownership requirements Peer group selection Committee Charter (1) B acklog defined on a remaining performance obligation (RPO) basis. 38 GE Vernova Executive Compensation Compensation Program Overview 2025 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM DETAIL Base Salary Base salaries are market-driven and are critical for attracting and retaining talent; for 2025, the CHCC approved a base salary increase of 3% for Mr. Strazik, 11% for Mr. Parks, following an expansion in his role, and 13% for Mr. Piron. None of the other NEOs received an increase in base salary in 2025. 2025 Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) Performance Metrics Free Cash Flow* (40% weighting) Adjusted EBITDA* (40% weighting) Organic Revenue* Growth (20% weighting) Subject to modification based on individual performance (0 150%) and safety and sustainability performance (+/- 10 percentage points). Maximum payout capped at 200% of target, inclusive of performance modifier. Payout Results Payouts to the CEO and other NEOs under the 2025 AIP ranged from 157% to 200% of target. 2025 - 2027 Performance Stock Units (PSUs) Performance Metrics 3-year cumulative Adjusted EBITDA* (50% weighting) 3-year cumulative Free Cash Flow* (50% weighting) 3-year cumulative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) modifier (+/- 20%) Maximum payout capped at 200% of target, inclusive of modification. Vesting Vests after 3-year performance has been certified by the CHCC 2025 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) Alignment with stockholders through stock ownership; delivery of shares is not dependent on company performance or stock price appreciation, promotes retention 3-year annual vesting 2025 Stock Options Strong alignment with stockholders through stock price appreciation 3-year annual vesting * Non-GAAP financial measure. See Appendix for additional information. Compensation philosophy and objectives Human capital is key to our long-term success. GE Vernova designs its total rewards programs to attract, retain, and motivate the specialized workforce we need to support our mission of electrifying to thrive and decarbonize the world, through: Market competitive compensation and benefits programs Pay differentiation based on individual performance, experience, and business results Incentivizing performance that leads to profitable growth and stockholder returns Equitable and compliant pay practices 2026 Proxy Statement 39 Executive Compensation While the CHCC reviews benchmark data when making executive compensation decisions, it does not establish compensation levels based solely on market data. Rather, the CHCC reviews the 25th, 50th and 75th percentiles of relevant market data for the peer group and other industry benchmarks, where applicable, as one element in its decision-making process. The approved executive compensation decisions reflect a variety of factors, including each executive s experience, performance, the relative scope and complexity of the executive s role within the organization, as well as where each executive s pay level falls relative to the market data. Compensation governance Role of the Compensation Committee The CHCC s oversight responsibilities include the Company s compensation and benefits, as well as human capital management as further outlined in its charter. With respect to the NEOs and other executive officers, the CHCC establishes compensation and benefits plans, sets compensation targets and performance goals, and evaluates performance against those plans and goals. The CHCC meets throughout the year to review compensation trends, evaluate emerging best practices, and consider changes to the executive compensation program that align pay with performance and provide our senior management with an incentive to achieve superior results for the Company. In determining whether changes to the executive compensation program are needed, the CHCC considers the goals and strategic objectives of the Company, direct stockholder feedback, and input from its independent compensation consultant. The CHCC will also consider the results of advisory v