=== GEV_2026-01-29.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," as may be updated from time to time in our Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and as posted on our website at www.gevernova.com/investors/fls. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise our forward-looking statements except as may be required by law or regulation. 2025 FORM 10-K 4 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. INTRODUCTION. GE Vernova Inc. (the Company, GE Vernova, our, we, or us) is a global leader in the electric power industry, with products and services that generate, transfer, orchestrate, convert, and store electricity. We design, manufacture, deliver, and service technologies to create a more reliable, secure, and sustainable electric power system, enabling electrification and decarbonization, underpinning the progress and prosperity of the communities we serve. We are a purpose-built company, positioned with a unique scope and scale of solutions to help accelerate the energy transition, while servicing and growing our installed base and strengthening our own profitability and stockholder returns. We have a strong history of innovation, which is a key strength enabling us to meet our customers needs. The breadth of our portfolio also enables us to provide an extensive range of technologies and integrated solutions to help advance our customers energy and sustainability goals. Our installed base generates approximately 25% of the world s electricity. We build, modernize, and service power systems to help our customers electrify their operations and economies, meet power demand growth, improve system reliability and resiliency, and navigate the energy transition through limiting and reducing emissions. The portfolio of equipment and services that we deliver is diversified across technology types and is adaptable based on electric power market conditions and demand. GE Vernova Inc. is a Delaware corporation with corporate headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts. On April 2, 2024 , General Electric Company (GE) , which now operates as GE Aerospace, completed the previously announced spin-off (the Spin-Off) of GE Vernova. In connection with the Spin-Off, GE distributed all of the shares of our common stock to its stockholders and we became an independent company. See Note 1 in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information regarding the Spin-Off. COMPANY STRATEGY. GE Vernova is positioned as an industry leader to fulfill the growing demand for electrical power, while driving the energy transition forward. Our focus is on supplying our customers with products and services necessary to deliver reliable, affordable, and sustainable electricity. We expect significant growth in demand for the offerings we provide to the electric power industry. Our company strategy is focused on: Delivering on global sustainab ility by developing, providing, and servicing technologies that enable electrification and decarbonization. Maintaining and enhancing strong relationships with many of the leading and largest utilities, developers, governments, and electricity users. Servicing the existing installed base and delivering new technologies and processes, which improve customer outcomes while driving increased profitability and cash flow. Improving margins and lowering risk through better underwriting. Streamlining our product portfolio to focus on core workhorse products, which will improve both cost and quality going forward. Using l ean to improve our cost structure and productivity levels across our business and corporate functions. Innovating and investing, along with third parties, in new offerings and technologies that will help customers electrify and decarbonize the world. Allocating capital as a whole and within our various businesses focused on generating cash flow to invest in our core businesses, invest in targeted mergers and acquisitions (M A) , and return at least 1/3 of our cash generation to our stockholders . SUSTAINABILITY . As a company whose technology base helps generate approximately 25% of the world s electricity, our integration of sustainability into our core business strategy and culture reflects our mission to electrify to thrive and decarbonize the world. To operationalize this commitment, we have built the sustainability governance framework of the Control Room. The Control Room is led by our Chief Sustainability Officer , who supervises a cross-functional, global team, and chairs our Sustainability Council. Further, we have a Safety and Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors, which guides and oversees our sustainability goals, impacts, risks, and efforts. Our operational efforts are aligned with our business strategy, the priorities of our stakeholders, our commitments, and our aim to deliver innovative technologies to create a more sustainable electric power system. The four pillars of our sustainability framework: Electrify, Decarbonize, Conserve, and Thrive : Electrify: Catalyze access to more secure, sustainable, reliable, and affordable electricity, while helping to drive global economic development. We seek to add power generation and grid capacity to strengthen current electricity infrastructure and provide critical redundancy, support electrification in underserved regions, and encourage economic development. Decarbonize: Invent, deploy, and service technology to help decarbonize and electrify the world. We seek to advance both the near-term impact by improving the trajectory on carbon intensity and the long-term impact by deploying products that are increasingly capable of lower carbon emissions once supporting infrastructure is deployed at scale. Conserve: Innovate more while using less. We are working to reduce both our direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions and have set a goal to achieve carbon neutrality for our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030. We also support the transition to a more circular economy and recognize the importance of critical raw materials and nature in our mission. We are working to track 90% of our top products as part of our circularity framework by 2030, including principles such as eco-design. Thrive : Advance safe, responsible, and inclusive working conditions in our operations and across our value chain. We are committed to prioritizing safety, building and fostering an inclusive workplace globally and in the communities in which we operate, promoting a culture of compliance and ethics, and advancing human rights across our supply chain. The global shift towards a variety of energy sources, evolving and increased environmental regulations and requirements, and climate change effects, present both challenges and opportunities that may impact our business. See Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for further information about these risks. 2025 FORM 10-K 5 COMPETITION. We believe GE Vernova's businesses' ability to supply the electric power industry with a broad array of advanced technologies for an intelligent, sustainable power system that help customers accelerate the energy transition is a key differentiator among various competitors . Due to increasing demand exceeding available capacity for products and services that supply the electrical power industry, we face growing competition from emerging threats. The continuing ability to reduce cycle times and ensure available capacity is expected to allow us to remain competitive as demand for our products and services grows significantly. In addition, continued investment in our products and services and emerging technologies is necessary for us to successfully compete and deliver economic value and performance to our customers through efficiency, reliability, and affordability. Our businesses operate in highly competitive markets. We compete based on product performance, quality, branding, service, and/or price across the industries and geographies served. Various companies compete with us across single or multiple products and services. Key Power segment competitors include Siemens Energy, Mitsubishi Power, Westinghouse , Framatome, and Rolls-Royce. Key Wind segment competitors include Vestas, Siemens-Gamesa, Nordex, Envision, and Goldwind. Key Electrification segment competitors include Hitachi Energy, Siemens Energy, Siemens, Schneider Electric, Mitsubishi Electric, and ABB. SEGMENTS. We report three business segments that are aligned with the nature of equipment and services they provide, specifically Power, Wind, and Electrification. Power . Our Power segment serves power generation, industrial, government, and other customers worldwide with products and services related to energy production. Our products and technologies harness resources such as natural gas, oil, diesel, water, and nuclear to produce electric power and include gas and steam turbines, full balance of plant, upgrade, and service solutions. Gas Power - offers a wide spectrum of heavy-duty and aeroderivative gas turbines for utilities, independent power producers, and numerous industrial applications, ranging from small, mobile power to utility scale power plants. Gas Power also delivers maintenance and service solutions across total plant assets and over their operational lifecycl e. Nuclear Power - provides nuclear technology solutions for boiling water reactors including reactor design, reactor fuel and support services, and the design and development of small modular reactors through joint ventures with Hitachi, Ltd. Hydro Power - provides a portfolio of solutions and services for hydropower generation for both large hydropower plants and small hydropower solutions. Steam Power - offers a comprehensive range of steam turbine technologies and services primarily for nuclear power plants in North America and coal-fired power plants, helping our customers deliver reliable energy, and supporting coal-fired plant customers transitioning to a lower-carbon future. We believe that gas power plays an essential role in the energy transition , serving as a fundamental source of reliable and dispatchable power to support industrialization, grid stability needs, and rising electricity demand from hyperscalers and data centers . As of December 31, 2025 , our fundamentals remained strong with approximately $94.4 billion in remaining performance obligations (RPO) and a gas turbine installed base of approximately 7,000 units with approximately 1,800 units under long-term service agreements and an average remaining contract life of approximately 10 years. As of December 31, 2025 , we had 51 HA -Turbines in RPO, 43 being installed and commissioned, and 126 HA-Turbines in our installed base with approximately 3.6 million operating hours. We maintain a strong focus on our underwriting discipline and risk management to secure deals that meet our financial hurdles and ensure we deliver confidently for our customers. Operating in emerging markets presents uncertainties in deal closures due to financing and other complexities. Given the long-cycle nature of our business and the ongoing challenges from inflationary pressures, our Power segment has proactively implemented lean initiatives to sustain cost productivity, collaborated closely with suppliers, and adjusted product and service pricing in line with market demand, inflation, and industry dynamics. We continue to invest in new product development. In Nuclear Power, we have an agreement with a customer for the deployment of small modular nuclear reactor (SMR) technology, making it the first commercial contract of its kind in North America. We are also in discussion with the U.S . Administration regarding the development of SMRs. SMRs have the potential to reduce nuclear power plant costs and cycle times through their standardized and modularized design. In Gas Power, we are committed to long-term investments to meet our growing demand from our customers by enhancing production capacity at existing factories to address the increasing need for both equipment and services. We continue to invest in technologies and decarbonization pathways to deliver lower carbon-emitting and more reliable power, launching our first commercial direct air capture deployment with a collaborator , using GE Vernova s proprietary solid sorbent technology. We are committed to advancing decarbonization technologies that we believe will provide our customers with options for more renewable and more dependable energy. Wind . Our Wind segment includes our wind generation technologies, inclusive of onshore and offshore wind turbines and blades. In our Wind segment, we engineer, manufacture, and commercialize wind turbines, an important technology playing a role in the energy transition as we seek to decarbonize the world's energy sector. Onshore Wind - delivers wind turbines, technology, and services for the onshore wind power industry by focusing on workhorse products in select geographies, while continuing to innovate the technology to create wind turbines suitable for various markets and environmental conditions. Our workhorse products include our 2.8-127m, 3.6-154m, 6.1-158m, and 6.0-164m onshore units. Wind services assists customers in improving cost, capacity, and performance of their assets over the lifetime of their fleets, utilizing digital infrastructure to monitor, predict, and optimize wind farm energy performance. 2025 FORM 10-K 6 Offshore Wind - provides offshore wind power technologies and wind farm development for the offshore wind power sector. Our workhorse product in the offshore market is our Haliade-X 220m offshore unit. LM Wind Power - designs, produces, and tests wind turbine blades. As we focus on providing carbon-free electricity reliably and at scale, we have simplified our segment management structure and portfolio of product offerings, focusing on fewer and more reliable workhorse products. Our workhorse products account for approximately 75% of our equipment RPO at December 31, 2025 . Included in our RPO are services agreements on approximately 24,000 of our onshore wind turbines, from an installed base of approximately 59,000 units. At Onshore Wind, we are growing our installed base by focusing on customers and markets that best align with our product offering, design philosophy, and supply chain footprint. The U.S. market currently represents approximately 60% of Onshore Wind's equipment RPO. This market has seen various changes related to sector-specific tariffs and p roduction tax credits , increasing short-term demand volatility. We monitor government actions for any changes that could adversely impact wind turbine manufacturers, while making strategic investment decisions that both preserve and enhance our competitive position in this market. In parallel, we are growing our international equipment profitability by selling established workhorse products in markets where we have a competitive advantage. Finally, we continue to make investments to improve our fleet availability and services profitability. At Offshore Wind, we continue to experience pressure related to our project costs and execution timelines, as we deliver on our existing backlog . On December 22, 2025, the United States Department of Interior announc ed that it is pausing the leases for all large-scale offshore wind projects under construction in the United States , which had a direct impact on the Vineyard Wind project completion timeline. Despite these challenges, we are focused on driving quality improvements, installation efficiencies, cost productivity, and working with regulators to drive better outcomes for both our customers and businesses . Electrification. Our Electrification segment includes grid solutions and power conversion storage, which we collectively refer to as Electrification Systems, and Electrification Software, that provide products and services required for the transmission, distribution, conversion, storage, and orchestration of electricity from point of generation to point of consumption. Several of the key offerings in this segment, for example, include our high-voltage direct current transmission (HVDC) and alternating current substation solutions, power transformers, switchgear, synchronous condensers, and our grid automation related products and services. Grid Solutions - enables power utilities and industries worldwide to effectively manage electricity from the point of generation to consumption , helping improve the reliability, efficiency, and stability of the grid. Offerings include a comprehensive portfolio of equipment, hardware, protection and control, automation, and digital services. Grid Solutions also addresses the challenges of the energy transition by safely and reliably connecting intermittent renewable energy generation to transmission networks. Power Conversion Storage - combines advanced energy conversion and storage systems to meet the electrification needs of utilities and industries. With a focus on industrial electrification, power stability, and energy storage solutions, Power Conversion Storage empowers customers by addressing their most complex electrification challenges accelerating their transition to a sustainable, decarbonized future. Electrification Software - supports the transmission, distribution, conversion, storage, and orchestration of electricity from point of generation to point of consumption. We continue to experience robust demand for our systems, equipment, and services. Demand remains strong for large scale transmission- related equipment to interconnect renewables and move bulk power. We also continue to benefit from higher growth in orders from other transmission activities to connect new power sources, to electrify industries including data centers playing a key role in the development of artificial intelligence (AI) , and to modernize existing grid infrastructure . Our Grid Solutions business is positioned to support grid expansion and modernization needs globally. We participate in the onshore interconnection sector and the rapidly growing offshore interconnection sector with new products and technology . We have developed and seek to continue developing new technologies with the intention of solving for a denser, more resilient, stable, and efficient electric grid with lower future greenhouse gas emissions. We adjust pricing and contractual terms of our products and services based on demand, inflation, and industry dynamics. Customer lead- times have increased as a result of demand outstripping supply, though we are proactively managing this by deploying lean initiatives to reduce lead-times and drive cost productivity. In addition, we are making investments to expand our capacity and capabilities to support this continued growth while benefiting from synergies across our Electrification businesses. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. GE Vernova s R D efforts focus on driving the energy transition. We are engineering the technologies, forging the partnerships, and delivering innovations to electrify and decarbonize the world. We expect to invest approximately $ 5 billion of cumulative R D from 2025 through 2028 across our businesses. Approximately half of this R D is focused on continuously industrializing existing products and supporting our installed base for this decade. The other half is focused on long-term innovation to deliver our next generation of differentiated products. R D is performed within each of our businesses, and at multiple locations around the world, including at our research facilities in Niskayuna, New York and Bangalore, India, which we refer to collectively as Advanced Research. Advanced Research partners with our businesses on programs to create the technology breakthroughs that will feed our future product roadmaps. They are guided by our customers demands for sustainable, affordable, resilient, and secure energy. Additionally, Advanced Research partners with other established and start-up companies and educational institutions to incubate and commercialize new technology and launch new businesses in markets that are key to the energy transition but go beyond GE Vernova s core businesses. 2025 FORM 10-K 7 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. We have a substantial portfolio of intellectual property (IP) assets, registered and unregistered, that protect both our investments in R D across our businesses as well as our products and services. To protect our innovation, we rely on a variety of IP rights and data protection measures, as well as monitor the activities of third parties to ensure that unauthorized use of IP does not go unremedied. Patents are an important part of our IP strategy. They protect our inventions around the world. We shape and reposition our patent portfolio to cover emerging and other technologies that drive our core businesses. Software, which is important to all of our businesses, but is especially central to the IP position of the Electrification businesses, is protected by a combination of copyrights, patents, and contractual protections. We protect our trade secrets and confidential know-how by actively enforcing our internal policies for data classification and protection and by requiring and enforcing specific innovation and proprietary information agreements and non-disclosure agreements. We also utilize contemporary cybersecurity tools and systems, as well as physical security measures, that safeguard our most valuable data from insider threats and third-party concentrated efforts to misappropriate our IP. See Item 1C. "Cybersecurity" for further information. While our patents and other IP protections are important to our operations, we do not consider any single IP asset or group of assets to be of material significance to any of our financial segments or our businesses as a whole . However, we believe that we derive a sustained competitive advantage both from our IP portfolio as well as technical know-how embedded in our products and manufacturing techniques developed over decades. We further believe that our understanding of our customers needs, technology expertise, and manufacturing know-how are critical to our business. In addition to our IP portfolio, we have a license to use certain IP from GE , including the GE name and the GE Monogram. The license applies to our products and services, as well as to natural extensions and evolutions thereof. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence in Part III, Item 13 of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which incorporated by reference the section titled "Agreements Governing Intellectual Property" that was included in the section titled "Certain Relationships and Related-Party and Other Transactions" in GE Vernova's definitive proxy statement relating to our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN. Annually, we purchase approximately $20 billion in materials and components sourced from over 100 countries. We face various supply chain challenges, many of which are industry-wide or arise from geopolitical and economic conditions beyond our control. These include global conflicts, global economic trends, geopolitical dynamics like sanctions, tariffs and other trade tensions, inflation, logistics issues, human rights landscape shifts, and regulatory changes. Additionally, potential disruptions such as natural disasters and other extreme weather conditions, global pandemics, and cyber-attacks could significantly impact our operations, financial performance, and ability to meet customer commitments . See "Risks Relating to Operations and Supply Chain" in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for additional information. To address these challenges, we maintain strong supplier relationships and connected forecasting to identify and mitigate capacity risks as early in the process as possible. We also prioritize opportunities to localize our supply chain to se rve distinct geographies, while at the same time allowing us to maintain a globally diverse supply chain for operational resiliency. Our risk-base d supplier onboarding process involves thorough due diligence, focusing on performance, labor standards, ethical sourcing, and human rights , supported by an audit program. We are expanding these efforts to consider environmental impact and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) regulations along with alignment to our GE Vernova sustainability framework. Internally, we manage risks through cyber mitigation, business continuity planning, and crisis management. We have developed cross- business councils for supply chain and procurement to proactively share best practices around supply chain resiliency. We are also enhancing our risk management tools to leverage technology for better market trend analysis and risk mitigation concerning commodity pricing, availability, lead-times, country specific tariff impacts, and ESG compliance. Specifically, to minimize inflationary impacts, we have a sourcing process to monitor commodity price fluctuations across the ferrous, non-ferrous, precious metals, and energy commodities. To mitigate the impact of tariffs, we are diversifying our supply chains, increasing U.S. manufacturing capabilities, and engaging with policy makers and industry associations to advocate for more beneficial trade policies. We continue to employ and evolve lean practices across our operations to enhance safety, quality, and delivery performance, building new capabilities to scale our supply chain aligned to our business growth. HUMAN CAPITAL. GE Vernova is a global workforce of approximately 75,000 employees, with approximately 70% of our employees specializing in manufacturing, engineering, or services. In addition, we have over 3,000 employees in q uality or environmental, health, and safety (EHS) roles, critical disciplines for our success as a company. Our culture enables us to deliver on our purpose: Electrify to Thrive and Decarbonize. We operate according to a set of shared principles that guide how we create value for our customers, people, stockholders , and planet. We call this the GE Vernova Way: We drive innovation in everything we do to electrify and decarbonize the world. We serve our customers with pride and a focus on mutual success and long-term impact. We challenge ourselves to be better every day; lean is how we work. We break boundaries and cross borders to win as one team . We remain accountable individually and collectively to deliver on our purpose and commitments. G E Vernova is strongly committed to attracting, developing, and retaining exceptional talent. This requires an environment where employees can learn, experiment and grow, professionally and personally . Employees are empowered to own their own career development through self-directed tools that facilitate career planning, growth experiences, and mentor connections. In parallel, we continue to invest in world-class early career development programs, leadership learning, energy industry acumen, and hands-on l ean experiences. Clear expectations, ongoing feedback, and pay-for-performance are the essential elements of how we drive high performanc e. W e take a longer-term approach to developing future talent for critical roles while refreshing our succession plans on an 2025 FORM 10-K 8 ongoing basis. Our goal is to cultivate a work experience that engages our employees, drives focus on what matters most, empowers timely, accountable decision-making, and builds impactful leaders for the future. We trace our beginnings to the Edison General Electric Company, a manufacturer of electric lighting fixtures, sockets, and other electric lighting devices. We carry forward that legacy today as a developer, manufacturer, and service provider of power generating and decarbonizing solutions . GE Vernova s portfolio also includes Advanced Research with hundreds of technologists and cross-discipline experts focused on enabling ground-breaking innovations destined to shape the energy transition. Our footprint is truly global with approximately 24,000 employees in Europe, 21,000 employees in the U.S., 19,000 employees in Asia, and 6,000 employees in Latin America. GE Vernova s relationship with employee-representative organizations around the world takes many forms. Within the U. S ., we have approximately 1,400 union-represented production and maintenance employees, of which approximately 1,350 are covered by a five-year collective bargaining agreement that expires in June 2030. In Europe, we have a European Works Council which represents all of our employees in European Union ( EU) member states, the United Kingdom ( U.K.) , Switzerland, and Norway. Additionally, we engage with approximately 100 representative organizations such as works councils and trade unions, in accordance with local law. Social dialogue, including information and consultation, is a key component of doing business in Europe and a driver of sustainable business growth for us in the region. In addition to the U.S. and Europe, we also engage with employee representative bodies in China (3,000 employees), India (2,000 employees), Canada (700 employees), Brazil (700 employees), and Mexico (175 employees). We strive to build and maintain productive relationships with all trade unions and employee-representative organizations with which we engage. More broadly, our relationship with every employee, regardless of functional discipline, geography, or representation status, is a priority. The purpose, passion, and expertise our employees embody every day is fundamental to providing essential electricity around the world and for the future of our environment. ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH, AND SAFETY MATTERS. GE Vernova is committed to providing and promoting a safe and healthy working environment, using natural resources and energy in a sustainable way, and avoiding an adverse impact to employees and contractors, our customers, the environment, and the communities where we do business. We support our customers by maintaining the highest standards in safeguarding our employees, our contracting partners, and the environment. In addition to our own internal enterprise standards and core requirements on various EHS topics, we are subject to international, national, state, and local EHS laws, regulations, and industry and customer standards, including EHS licensing and authorization requirements. These EHS laws apply to a broad range of activities across our whole product lifecycle and our entire global organization, including those related to: protection of the environment and use of natural resources; occupational health and safety; the use, management, release, storage, transportation, remediation, and disposal of, and exposure to, hazardous substances and waste; our products, including the use of certain chemicals in our products and production processes; emissions to air and water; and climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. EHS laws vary by jurisdiction and have become increasingly stringent over time. These requirements impose certain responsibilities on our business, including the obligation to install pollution control technologies and obtain and maintain various environmental permits, the cost of which may be substantial. Satisfying such local EHS requirements is often a minimum requirement for us, and we commit extensive resources to maintaining our compliance with these requirements. For example, by applying our enterprise standards and core requirements everywhere (except where local regulations are more stringent), we often go beyond local compliance requirements, especially where local standards are weak or lacking. Safety is incorporated into our lean operating method and we prioritize safeguarding our employees and contractors. We also enhance our internal enterprise standards and core requirements regularly through a culture of continuous improvement and documenting opportunities to improve through internal and external audits. Our proactive approach to EHS matters requires assessing and managing potential EHS risks and preparing our teams accordingly. We utilize data to provide teams with actionable insights, enabling us to make informed decisions and assist in reducing the likelihood of incidents before they occur. We also utilize robotics and automation where appropriate to help keep our employees and contractors out of harm's way. Following the Spin-Off, we established our Life Saving Rules, instructions, and critical controls that define how work is performed safely . We work continuously to operationalize these rules across manufacturing, project, and service teams, with the expectation that they are a core component of daily business and operations management. We also systematically analyze potentially severe events to identify patterns, escalate findings to leadership, and translate learnings into corrective and preventive actions. We reinforce safe start and mobilization practices, and deepened collaboration through contractor and partner forums to drive alignment and shared accountability for safety. Our EHS management system includes measures to verify that we are monitoring adherence to GE Vernova EHS standards and regulatory requirements through audits and inspections. Operations are assessed on a regular basis as part of our management of change ( MOC ) process to mitigate safety risks. EHS operational reviews at both the business and GE Vernova level address progress on program execution as well as strategy discussions related to emerging EHS risks. REGULATION. We are a manufacturer and servicer of energy products, a participant in the energy supply chain, a large publicly traded U.S. corporation that operates globally, a government contractor, and an employer of a large global workforce. As such, our businesses and operations are affected by global laws, regulations, and standards that impact each of these capacities. 2025 FORM 10-K 9 Manufacturer and Servicer. Our production cycle and products are subject to global regulations, such as permitting, quality controls, environmental and eco-design regulations, health and safety regulations, export control laws, product specifications, market-related policies, and distribution regulations in countries in which our products are manufactured or sold. We maintain processes and procedures to comply with such applicable global laws and regulations as they pertain to the various stages of our production life cycle, including the development of our products. Our ability to design, market, sell, and distribute our products globally depends upon our compliance with laws and regulations in each jurisdiction. We design and manufacture sophisticated, innovative products and services for the energy sector, which are subject to EHS and sustainability regulations. These regulations, such as the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) regulation of the EU , include those governing chemicals and components used or generated by products or manufacturing processes, such as per/polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), contained in components and products sourced in connection with manufacturing and services operations. In addition, some of our operations involve the handling, use, transportation, and disposal of radioactive and hazardous materials, including nuclear fuel, nuclear power devices, and their components . We are subject to international, federal, state, and local regulations governing the handling, use, transportation, and disposal of such materials. Some of our businesses are subject to product regulatory regimes specific to their sector. In particular: Nuclear. Our nuclear products and technologies are regulated through country-specific laws and regulations and are subject to various safety-related requirements. In the U.S. , the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) oversees the licensing, permitting, and decommissioning of nuclear sites, and in Canada, the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission regulates the use of nuclear energy and materials to protect health, safety, and the environment. Our Nuclear business s standard process is to work with the national regulatory commissions in order to comply with all aspects of regulations from permitting at the time of site selection to decommissioning requirements at the end of life. Offshore Wind. The U.S. Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) is a U.S. federal agency that oversees the safe and environmentally responsible exploration and development of U.S. offshore energy resources. Our Offshore Wind business is subject to BSEE regulatory oversight and enforcement in connection with the Vineyard Wind offshore wind farm off the coast of Massachusetts. The Health and Safety Executive (HSE) is the authority that oversees health and safety issues in the offshore energy sector in England, Wales, and Scotland. The Marine Management Organisation (MMO) oversees environmental issues affecting the offshore energy sector in the United Kingdom . Our Offshore Wind business is subject to HSE and MMO regulatory oversight and enforcement in connection with the Dogger Bank offshore wind farm off the coast of England. For Dogger Bank, we are the manufacturer and supplier of our Haliade-X. Electrification Software. Our Electrification Software business builds software and solutions that enable our customers to use data and technology to, among other things, orchestrate reliable and efficient power transmission and delivery. Beyond delivering innovative solutions that provide grid resiliency such as GridOS, our Electrification Software business has made significant investments in compliance programs and security systems, allowing our products and services to comply with the applicable privacy, data, and cybersecurity regulations. Financial Services. In connection with certain business activities, an entity of our Financial Services business has registered with the SEC as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (Advisers Act), and another entity has become a registered broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act, as amended (Exchange Act), and a Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) member firm. These registered entities are subject to a number of laws and regulations from the SEC, FINRA, and state securities regulators, as applicable, which impose various compliance, disclosure, qualification, recordkeeping, reporting, and other requirements. In addition, under the Advisers Act, our registered investment adviser entity has fiduciary duties to its clients, is subject to restrictions on its ability to engage in principal and agency cross transactions, and may be inspected by the SEC to determine whether we are conducting our activities in compliance with applicable law. Participant in the Global Energy Supply Chain. As a participant in the global energy supply chain, our businesses and operations must comply with global sanctions regimes, as well as an increasing number of global laws and regulations that extend to our sourcing, purchasing, and life cycles. Our import activities are governed by the unique customs laws and regulations in each of the countries where we operate. Pursuant to their laws and regulations, governments may impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons, and entities that may restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons, and entities, which may limit or prevent our conduct of business in certain jurisdictions. The scope of these regulations extends to product circularity and extended producer responsibility, sustainability disclosure requirements such as the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), carbon emissions (including the EU Carbon Board Adjustment Mechanism), labor and employment, deforestation (such as the EU Deforestation Act), human rights due diligence, modern slavery, forced labor, child labor, supply chain due diligence including the EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), and whistleblower directives. In addition to complying with such regulations with respect to our own operations, a growing number of sourcing regulations apply these regulatory requirements across our full value chain, including global regulations about human rights and environmental due diligence conducted with respect to suppliers. Government Contractor. Many of our sales are made to U.S. or foreign governments, regulated entities such as public utilities, state-owned companies, and other public sector customers. These types of sales often entail additional compliance obligations, such as public procurement laws. For example, a bidder may be required to demonstrate that it has been active as a local registered company or has sufficient capitalization or technical qualifications. For contracts with the U.S. federal government, with certain exceptions, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation and applicable agency rules, regulations governing Federal Financial Assistance Agreements, rules and regulations issued by the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, the Procurement Integrity Act, the Buy American Act, the Trade Agreements Act, and/or presidential executive orders. The U.S. federal government could invoke the Defense Production Act, requiring that we accept and prioritize contracts for materials deemed necessary for national defense, regardless of loss in revenue incurred on such contracts. From time to time, we may also 2025 FORM 10-K 10 need to comply with the EU s Foreign Subsidies Regulation, which imposes mandatory notification and approval requirements on companies bidding on large public tenders in the EU. Global, Publicly Traded Energy Company. As a publicly traded company in the U.S, we are subject to the laws and regulations of the SEC as well as the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, on which our common stock is listed . As a global enterprise operating in over 100 countries, we must abide by laws and regulations applicable to entities across many jurisdictions, including those governing antitrust and competition, as well as: Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, and Artificial Intelligence. We are subject to rapidly evolving laws and regulations governing cybersecurity and data privacy in many jurisdictions, including those imposed by federal and state regulators in the U.S., such as the Federal Trade Commission and state agencies, and the General Data Protection Regulation in Europe. As AI is an emerging area, we expect to see increased legislation, such as the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, and additional regulatory obligations across the jurisdictions in which we operate. Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, the Brazil Clean Companies Act, China s Unfair Competition Law, India s Prevention of Corruption Act, and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Employer. As an employer of full-time, part-time, seasonal, unionized and non-unionized labor, we are required to create compensation programs, employment policies, and other administrative programs that comply with the laws of multiple countries. In addition, there are diverse global regulations regarding our independent and third-party contractor workforce. Our operations are subject to global labor and employment laws, including minimum wage and living wage laws and directives, wage and hour laws, health and safety laws such as Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), immigration laws, and laws relating to minimum age child labor, modern slavery, and forced labor. Federal and local labor laws also govern our interactions with employee-representative organizations around the world. We also have significant obligations and liabilities with respect to our postretirement benefit plans, including pension, healthcare, and life insurance benefits obligations, all of which are subject to applicable laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are subject to change at any time. We make the necessary adjustments to our processes in order to maintain compliance with the regulatory environment impacting all aspects of our businesses. Complying with requirements can impose significant costs, especially in jurisdictions where we do not have a significant physical presence. See Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for further information regarding risks and costs associated with such compliance. AVAILABLE INFORMATION. Our corporate headquarters is located at 58 Charles Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141, and our telephone number is (617) 674-7555. Our website address is www.gevernova.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), are available, without charge, on our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other filings we make with the SEC. Our website at www.gevernova.com/investors contains a significant amount of information about GE Vernova, including financial and other information for investors. We encourage investors to visit this website from time to time, as information is updated, and new information is posted. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating GE Vernova and GE Vernova s common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also adversely affect our business. Risks Relating to Operations and Supply Chain Quality issues among our products, solutions, and services could cause us to incur significant costs, reduce demand for our products and services, lead to claims for damages or regulatory actions, and harm our business or reputation. We design, manufacture, and service sophisticated, software-enabled industrial machinery and infrastructure (including gas turbines, onshore and offshore wind turbines, grid infrastructure, and nuclear power generation equipment), engineered for demanding conditions and compliance with stringent certification, performance, and reliability standards. A serious product, solution, or execution failure could result in injury or death, widespread power outages, suspension of power production or operations, delivery delays, environmental impacts, or other systemic issues. Actual or perceived design, production, performance, or other quality issues in new introductions or existing product lines have resulted and can result in warranty, maintenance, and other damage claims, including costs for project delays, repairs, and replacements, potentially in significant amounts. These potential impacts are greater where the defects or issues affect an entire product line or component and can be more pronounced with new technologies. Developing and maintaining offerings that meet these standards is complex, costly, and technologically challenging and requires extensive coordination across suppliers and global manufacturing and project sites. Failures to meet these standards, whether actual or perceived, may result in significant contractual or other claims and regulatory suspensions of installation or operations, with adverse financial, competitive, and reputational effects. Warranty and quality-related costs have represented, and may in the future represent, a meaningful portion of our expenses. 2025 FORM 10-K 11 Significant supply chain and logistics disruptions, including volatility in the cost or availability of critical materials and components, could delay or impact our ability to deliver on customer obligations, increase costs, and expose us to contractual and reputational risks. We rely on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers, service providers, and commodity markets for raw materials, parts, components, and subsystems. Our globally distributed supply chains are subject to economic and geopolitical dynamics, sanctions, tariffs, import/export restrictions, severe weather events, as well as other factors. We operate in a supply-constrained environment and have experienced, and may continue to experience, shortages of materials and skilled labor, inflationary pressures, transportation and logistics challenges, and manufacturing disruptions that affect revenues, profitability, cash flow, and on-time fulfillment. While we pursue mitigation measures, such as long-term supply agreements, dual-sourcing, increased inventory levels, factory capacity expansion, lean initiatives, alternative logistics, product or component redesign, and cost-sharing with customers and suppliers, supply chain pressures are expected to persist and may continue to adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Certain inputs are limited or sole-sourced, concentrated with a small number of suppliers, or primarily available from a single country, including semiconductor chips and critical materials (such as specialty metals and rare earths). Although prior disruptions have not been material, the inability of a supplier to deliver, and our inability to secure timely and cost-effective alternatives, could impair our ability to manufacture products or provide services. Our operations may be adversely affected by delivery delays, capacity constraints, upstream or downstream production disruptions, price spikes, cyber-related attacks, or decreased availability of materials and commodities arising from war or other hostilities, natural disasters, public health emergencies, increased tariffs or trade restrictions, or other business continuity events. Supplier nonperformance or underperformance could impact our ability to fulfill customer commitments, trigger contract terminations or liability, and impair our competitiveness. We depend on multiple forms of transportation and transportation routes. Logistics can be disrupted by weather, strikes or lockouts, inadequate infrastructure or port capacity, hostilities, terrorism, or other events, and transportation costs can be volatile. Any of these factors could impede our ability to deliver quality products, solutions, and services and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Disruptions or capacity constraints at our manufacturing and operating facilities could delay deliveries, increase costs, damage customer relationships, and limit our ability to meet demand for our products and services, and planned capacity expansions may not result in the benefits we expect if demand does not meet expectations. We depend on our global production and operating network to develop, manufacture, assemble, supply, and service our offerings. Disruptions such as work stoppages, labor shortages, import/export restrictions, significant public health or safety events, severe weather or natural disasters, financial distress, unplanned downtime, manufacturing deviations or quality issues, production constraints, equipment failures, cybersecurity attacks, and geopolitical dynamics can interrupt our operations, with risks heightened in certain emerging markets . We also rely on our production facilities for critical components. If disturbances at these locations prevent us from producing sufficient quantities, we may need to source more from external suppliers, which could introduce delays, quality control issues, or additional costs. A significant event affecting any of our production or operating facilities, particularly when capacity is at or near full utilization or alternative sites are unavailable, may disrupt our ability to supply customers, require us to defer or decline orders, or cause late deliveries. Expanding our capacity to meet current or future demand or support new products requires significant capital investment and lead time and may be delayed in execution. Further, our capacity expansions and related commitments may outpace realized demand. We make capacity expansion decisions and supply commitments based on demand forecasts, orders, slot reservation agreements, and deposits. If anticipated demand is delayed or does not materialize, orders may be deferred, reduced, or canceled and slot reservation agreements may not result in orders. As a result, we could be over-invested in our facilities and could incur excess or idle capacity, under-absorption of fixed costs, production inefficiencies, inventory build and write-downs, penalties under supply agreements, lower margins, and impairment of long-lived assets. Risks Related to Managing Growth and Competition We may fail to achieve anticipated cost savings . Achieving our long-term financial and cash flow goals depends on our ability to effectively manage operating costs. Because many costs are affected by factors outside our control, we rely on productivity initiatives (including lean operations and supply chain management) to drive savings, but there is no assurance they will succeed. Expected savings are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and subject to business, economic, and competitive factors. If we cannot identify, implement, and sustain initiatives that effectively manage costs and increase operating efficiency, or if implemented initiatives fail to generate expected savings, our financial results and cash flows could be adversely affected and we may fail to achieve our financial goals. We may fail to execute and accurately estimate long-term service obligations. We enter into long-term service agreements with many of our customers in connection with significant contracts for the sale of products. Profitability under these agreements, particularly in Gas Power, depends on our ability to execute and estimates of product durability and reliability, our costs to deliver products and services over time, and the availability of cost-reducing materials, technology, and skilled technicians. Under such agreements for our long-cycle businesses, errors in estimating, planning, or execution may cause us to miss delivery, cost, or financial performance targets, leading to excess costs, inventory build (including obsolescence), lower profit margins and cash flows, loss contracts, and erosion of our competitive position. We may fail to compete successfully in the highly-competitive global markets in which we operate. We operate in highly competitive domestic and international markets, and our products, solutions, and services face significant pressure on technology, quality, delivery, and price. Remaining competitive requires continual development of advanced technologies and product enhancements, as well as cost- effective supply chain, production, and delivery. If we change strategic priorities or fail to anticipate or respond quickly to technological developments, evolving industry standards, new regulations or incentives, changing customer demands, supply chain disruptions, or innovations in production techniques, we could experience lower revenues, price erosion, reduced margins, and forgone growth opportunities. Competition has intensified as existing participants expand internationally and as new entrants, including manufacturers from 2025 FORM 10-K 12 regions such as China, improve quality and reliability and pursue markets outside their home countries. Some competitors are government- sponsored, which may provide them with an advantage over us, such as access to more resources. In addition, global competition increasingly depends on innovation in emerging technologies, including nuclear fuels and advanced energy systems, where failure to innovate could limit our ability to participate in new markets. Further, government policies and actions may impact us more adversely compared to competitors whose operations are more limited in scope or geographic exposure. If we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors in our core businesses, we may experience declines in revenues and industry segment share. Our business success is dependent upon our ability to innovate and successfully commercialize new technologies in fast- changing markets, and manage our product cycles. We operate in industries where technology and customer needs evolve rapidly, and our growth and business depend on developing and bringing to market new products, solutions, and services. The commercial success of technologies such as small modular or other advanced nuclear power, hydrogen-based power generation, carbon capture and sequestration, and grid-scale batteries or other storage solutions depends on factors including the pace of innovation; development costs; capital resource availability; the intensity of competition; our customers ability to obtain and maintain required permits or certifications; the effectiveness of our production, distribution, and marketing, including our ability to successfully deploy technologies intended to cost- effectively enhance our production, such as robotics and automation, and integration of AI; the availability of raw materials and components; our supply chain; the economics for customers to deploy and support these technologies; overall market demand and acceptance; and the timing of market entry. Global competition increasingly depends on innovation in emerging technologies, including nuclear fuels and advanced energy systems, where failure to innovate could limit our ability to participate in new markets. Failure to cost-effectively innovate and commercialize technologies, products, solutions, and services our customers demand could adversely impact our competitive position, growth, and financial results and position. Rapid innovation can shorten product cycles and accelerate market introductions, increasing quality and execution risks, raising costs, and challenging profitability for new products. These risks are heightened in our Nuclear Power business, which is constructing small modular reactors. Due to the nascent nature of the industry and higher ramp-up costs, new product introductions could result in losses in the near and long term. Further, breakthrough technologies deployed at scale by competitors may reduce the demand for legacy products and technologies. We may not realize the benefits we expect from our strategic transactions. Our strategy includes acquiring technologies and businesses that expand, enhance or complement our portfolio through acquisitions, minority equity investments, joint ventures, and other alliances, and divesting non-core assets or businesses and reinvesting any proceeds in our core businesses. Success depends on identifying suitable opportunities and synergies, conducting effective due diligence, negotiating favorable terms, obtaining required approvals, closing transactions, effectively integrating acquired businesses or separating divested operations, and collaborating well with any joint venture participants, partners, and equity co-owners. Strategic transactions may expose us to risks and uncertainties, including competition driving higher prices or less favorable terms; delays, costs, or failures in integration or separation of assets, people, systems, and products; noncompliance with multi-jurisdictional laws, regulations, disclosures, and filings; operational disruption and management distraction from core operations; dependence on external capital and financing availability and cost; antitrust or other regulatory reviews, conditions, or adverse rulings; legacy noncompliance or violations at acquired companies; inability to scale production or loss of distribution channels; inadequate IP rights or heightened scrutiny of acquired IP, or systems integration and transition complexities; failure to achieve expected growth, cost savings, synergies, or market acceptance; due diligence gaps or unidentified/underestimated liabilities; successor liability for pre-acquisition conduct; inadequate compliance and risk management organization and infrastructure at acquired companies; retained liabilities or continued losses after divestitures; loss of key customers or personnel; and adverse market reactions and stock price volatility. Assessments and assumptions supporting a transaction may prove incorrect, and actual outcomes may differ significantly from expectations. In joint ventures and other strategic alliances, we may share ownership and, in some cases, management with others whose objectives, priorities, or resources may differ from ours, increasing governance and execution risk. Further, any such joint venture or other strategic alliance, may restrict us from taking certain actions in our business and we may be limited in our ability to exit such arrangements if we later desire to do so. Divestitures may be delayed or prevented by difficulties finding buyers or by regulatory, governmental, or contractual constraints, including provisions of the Separation and Distribution Agreement described under Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions Agreements with GE" in Part III, Item 13 of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. Joint ventures, consortiums, and other third-party collaborations expose us to partner, governance, compliance, and financial risks that could impose additional costs and obligations, cause reputational harm and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. We have entered, and expect to continue entering, into joint ventures for manufacturing, commercial operations, and project development and funding, and into consortium arrangements to perform projects. These arrangements involve risks, including exposure to the economic, political, legal, and regulatory environments of partners jurisdictions; legal or regulatory violations by partners outside our control; and contractual, governmental, or exclusivity obligations that may restrict our operations. They may also require us to incur nonrecurring charges, increased expenditures, or disruption to our normal operations. If partners face financial distress, restructure, or declare bankruptcy, we may be required to provide additional investment or services, assume responsibility for contract breaches, or take on additional financial or operational obligations, which may expose us to credit risk. Our influence over joint ventures varies by ownership and negotiated rights, and major decisions often require consensus, creating risks of impasses and delays where partner interests diverge. Disputes may arise over performance milestones, interpretation of key terms (including financial obligations and termination rights), or ownership and control of intellectual property developed in the arrangement. We cannot control partner actions; in some projects we have joint and several liability and cannot ensure partners will satisfy their responsibilities. These arrangements may also restrict our access to cash flows or assets of a joint venture, and some joint ventures are 2025 FORM 10-K 13 subject to governmental limitations on cash distributions. Consortium project outcomes depend on partner performance. Partners may block or delay critical decisions, pursue strategies contrary to our interests, or fail to fulfill obligations, reducing expected returns. We may need to provide or procure additional services to compensate for such failures, which can increase costs and expose us to reputational harm and customer or counterparty complaints. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Risks Related to our Customers and Industry Dynamics Issues with grid connectivity and customers ability to sell generated electricity could delay projects, reduce output, demand and revenues, increase costs, and cause reputational harm. Many of our customers, projects, and offerings depend on timely grid connection. Factors beyond our control, including regulatory and permitting requirements and delays, interconnection constraints, limited land for connection infrastructure, and system failures, may impede or prevent grid connection. If customers cannot obtain grid access or agreements to sell their electricity on reasonable terms and timelines, order timing and project milestones may be delayed. Grid connection and operations are governed by statutory and regulatory frameworks intended to ensure safety and stability, but transmission constraints and operating practices can lead to curtailment (e.g., congestion, limited transmission capacity, or dispatch restrictions). Unplanned project execution or commissioning challenges due to delays from construction, contractors, or severe weather issues (e.g., wind speed or direction) can further delay project execution leading to reduced electricity output, reduced demand for our products and solutions, increased costs for us and our customers, and reputational harm. Our failure to manage customer and counterparty relationships and contracts could adversely affect our financial results. Our success depends on delivering in accordance with contractual requirements and anticipating changes in customer and counterparty needs. Customers and counterparties, including those undertaking large infrastructure projects, may delay or cancel purchases or be unable to meet their obligations due to business deterioration, cash flow constraints, reduced availability of financing for certain technologies (such as prohibitions on financing for fossil fuel based projects), macroeconomic conditions, changes in law or policy, disputes, or other delays. If a major customer reduces purchases, ceases doing business with us, favors competitors or new entrants, or changes purchasing patterns, our business could be harmed. Many of our contracts are complex and contain warranty, performance, delivery, and availability provisions that can trigger significant repair or replacement costs, penalties, liquidated damages, or other unanticipated expenses if we fail, actually or allegedly, to meet specifications or schedules. For example, in our Wind business, delays in assembling and delivering critical components (such as nacelles) or other noncompliance with contract terms have increased costs, presented litigation risks, and exposed us to damages, and we may experience similar delays and possible consequences in the future. Warranty costs and contract-related penalties have represented, and may in the future represent, a meaningful portion of our expenses. We also contract with U.S. and non-U.S. governmental and government-affiliated entities, which may delay, modify, or terminate contracts if funding or support is unavailable. Collecting receivables can be more challenging with sovereign or state-owned customers and in emerging markets. Engaging in new types of transaction structures or unique contractual relationships with nontraditional customers, such as hyperscalers, government departments focused on energy, or other first time counterparties, or with new contracting approaches adopted by traditional customers, may challenge our ability to effectively negotiate and manage our relationships. Due to our limited experience with such customers, counterparties, and contracting parties, we may fail to anticipate or control the unique expectations, costs, and operational complexities associated with such arrangements. Some counterparties may have limited operating histories, different contracting practices, or weaker credit profiles. They may depend on external financing, subsidies, or project milestones, and may delay payment, seek to renegotiate terms, or default. Further, some counterparties to slot reservation agreements may not place orders equal to the value of their reservation amount or at all, and the volume of orders we expect under such agreements may fail to materialize. Our ability to maintain our investment grade credit ratings could affect our ability to access capital, increase our interest rates, and limit our ability to secure new contracts or business opportunities. Our commercial relationships and competitive positioning rely on maintaining corporate investment grade credit ratings, which are evaluated by major rating agencies. Any downgrade could increase the cost of existing or future indebtedness, constrain borrowing and bonding capacity or worsen terms, and limit or prevent access to capital on competitive terms. Adverse rating actions may also reduce our ability to secure new contracts and business opportunities and limit our ability to maintain and obtain supply sources and customers. Fixed price customer contracts expose us to reduced margins and project loss risks if costs exceed expectations. We enter into contracts that commit to a fixed price well before project completion. However, actual revenues and costs may differ from estimates due to factors that are difficult to predict or control, which include: procurement challenges and schedule disruptions on large projects; product performance failures; unforeseen site conditions; rejection or termination clauses in contracts that reduce revenue or increase costs; inability to be compensated for additional work arising from unanticipated technical issues or deficient customer provided designs, engineering information, products, or materials; inaccurate estimates based on historical data under current conditions (e.g., inflation, labor and material cost increases); weather and other force majeure events that cause delays or productivity losses; contractual obligations to pay liquidated or other damages for failure to meet schedule or performance requirements; difficulties engaging or overseeing third party subcontractors, manufacturers, or suppliers, or their underperformance or nonperformance, resulting in delays and added costs; and project modifications or change orders that create unanticipated costs or delays and potential claims or disputes. Any of these factors can reduce our margins or result in project losses. Cost overruns and related penalties have represented, and may in the future represent, a meaningful portion of our expenses. We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets or obtain other financing on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. Our business depends on the availability of financing. Capital and credit markets can experience volatility and disruptions that reduce liquidity and increase borrowing costs. Although we maintain a $3.0 billion committed credit facility and a $3.0 billion committed trade finance facility, there is no assurance these will be sufficient for our needs, and we may need additional capital markets financing. Factors beyond our control, including domestic and international economic conditions, increases in benchmark interest rates and credit spreads, 2025 FORM 10-K 14 changes in banking and capital market regulations, and market risk repricing, could limit or increase the cost of financing. Adverse market conditions or credit rating changes could impair our access to capital on acceptable terms or at all. These conditions may also hinder our customers and suppliers ability to obtain debt, guarantees, trade finance, or hedging, negatively affecting our business. In addition, our customers projects often require co-financing through project development loans, structured debt, or equity investments. Such financing arrangements may be unavailable or more costly than anticipated, which could limit our ability to bid for projects and adversely affect financial results, cash flows, and returns. Risks Related to the Energy Transition We are subject to decarbonization and energy-transition dynamics, including shifting policies, market economics, and technology trajectories. We must anticipate and respond to market, technological, regulatory, governmental policy, and energy security changes driven by decarbonization and energy transition dynamics. For example, increased policy support for fossil fuels or the rollback or suspension of renewable-supportive policies could reduce demand for our renewable and other decarbonization products and services. Conversely, as a supplier to the power generation sector, falling renewable costs and evolving stakeholder expectations can reduce demand for and the competitiveness of sales of new gas turbines and service for unabated gas plants. Continued increases in renewables share of capacity additions and generation, depending on pace and timing, could materially affect our Power segment and consolidated results. Key uncertainties include the level and timing of government subsidies and credits (including the implementation of U.S. and global policies), regulatory and permit approval timeframes, level of price competition among manufacturers, competition from solar and other technologies, deprioritization of renewables, the pace of grid modernization needed to maintain reliability with higher renewables penetration, and industrywide pressure on profitability. Our long-term success depends on addressing both electrification and decarbonization by adapting our portfolio and scaling less carbon- intense and lower carbon technologies (such as gas as a replacement for coal, small modular or other advanced nuclear reactors, hydrogen-based power generation, carbon capture and sequestration, and grid-scale storage). These transitions require substantial investments by us and third parties in grids, infrastructure, R D, and new technologies, and depend on timely governmental and regulatory support, incentives, and market design. If we do not succeed, or are perceived to not succeed, to advance our electrification and decarbonization objectives, or if investors and financial institutions shift funding away from certain types of generation, our and our customers access to capital could be negatively affected. Government actions may also affect these dynamics in unforeseeable ways. Developing new high-technology products and enhancing existing offerings to address dynamic energy markets is complex, costly, and uncertain, and strategies or investments may not be commercially successful within expected timeframes or at all. If the decarbonization landscape evolves faster or differently than anticipated, demand for our products, solutions, and services could be adversely affected. Changes in energy, environmental, and tax policies may reduce demand for our products and undermine project economics. Our businesses benefit from government incentives and policies supporting utility-scale renewable energy (e.g., tax incentives). In addition, regulatory policies influencing renewable energy mandates and grid integration standards directly impact the demand for wind energy. Reductions, elimination, suspension or adverse modifications have and could in the future limit markets for new projects, reduce returns on projects or manufacturing, lead to project abandonment, or impair investments. Eligibility and structuring rely on legal and regulatory guidance, which is subject to uncertainty, potential modification (possibly retroactive), and governmental audit challenge. Repeal, modification, suspension or unfavorable interpretations could reduce available credits, require changes to tax equity arrangements, or force alternative funding, adversely affecting our business and financing. Separately, changes to environmental regulations and enforcement could increase costs or impede sales. For example, broader greenhouse gas regulations and carbon pricing could increase compliance costs for us and our customers. While such policies can increase demand for decarbonization technologies we are developing (e.g., hydrogen and carbon capture capabilities for our gas turbines and direct air capture) , they may also impose significant compliance burdens that adversely affect our business and may reduce demand for our offerings. Demand for certain of our products, solutions, and services, particularly in our Power segment, depends on oil and gas regulatory policy, prices, and global and regional supply and demand, all of which are largely outside our control. More stringent regulations and commitments stemming from international initiatives could increase production costs, reduce oil and gas demand, and curtail investments in gas turbine generation; further, if renewable energy or other alternatives become more affordable than gas, customers may switch away from gas-fired solutions. Periods of elevated prices and volatility can contribute to economic slowdowns and prompt countries dependent on oil and gas revenues to reduce investment in oil and gas, power generation, and transmission projects, lowering demand for our offerings. Risks Related to Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Factors Operating globally, especially in emerging markets, creates complex legal, regulatory, and compliance risks. We operate across diverse legal and regulatory systems in approximately 100 different countries and, as a result, are subject to varying requirements, procedures and standards, including country-specific regulatory regimes relating to anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, tax, trade controls, environmental, employment and labor requirements, sustainability, product safety, liability and design regulations, human rights laws, and privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws. Further, we expect increasingly stringent environmental and safety standards across diverse global jurisdictions, including potential liabilities related to chemicals such as PFAS, that could affect product design, manufacturing, servicing, and financial results across various jurisdictions. Navigating a variety of legal and regulatory regimes, which may evolve and be interpreted differently across jurisdictions, including on an extra-territorial basis, increases the complexity of compliance. Risks in emerging markets may be particularly complex due to less mature regulatory frameworks, inconsistent and aggressive enforcement, and heightened exposure to geopolitical and economic volatility, which can amplify the challenges of maintaining compliance across our global operations. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with relevant laws, regulations, or standards could damage our reputation and customer relationships, and expose us to investigations, inquiries, 2025 FORM 10-K 15 litigation, or other proceedings initiated by governmental entities, customers, or individuals. Such actions could result in significant fines, sanctions, penalties, awards, or judgments, all of which could negatively affect our business and operating results. Further, as a global employer in more than 100 countries of permanent and fixed-term contract employees, contingent workers and contractors, we must design and maintain compensation programs, employment policies, cybersecurity and other intellectual property protections, compliance programs, and other administrative frameworks that align with the laws of multiple countries. Shifting requirements and interpretations may influence how we structure our operations and investments, and can lead to rising costs, including those associated with organizational changes and protective measures. We implement, communicate, audit and monitor, and enforce group-wide standards and practices across our businesses to address these risks; however, these efforts may not be successful. We are also responsible for communicating, monitoring, and upholding group-wide directives across our global network, including among suppliers, subcontractors, and other relevant stakeholders. Failure to manage our geographically diverse operations in light of these challenges could impair our responsiveness to changing conditions and our ability to enforce compliance with group-wide standards and applicable requirements. Major events beyond our control, such as natural disasters, the physical effects of climate change, pandemics, and others, may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. Natural disasters, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, severe weather, product failures, and power outages in regions where we, our customers or our suppliers operate can damage facilities. In addition, the physical effects of climate change include increased frequency and severity of significant weather events, natural hazards, rising average temperatures and sea levels, and long-term changes in precipitation. These events and conditions can disrupt our operations and those of our customers and suppliers, damage project sites, cause partial or complete plant or distribution center closures, delay logistics and transportation to project sites, and contribute to supply chain disruption and market volatility. Changes in temperature and precipitation can also affect electricity demand patterns. Public health crises, epidemics or pandemics can prevent employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, and other partners from conducting business due to shutdowns, travel restrictions, or other governmental actions, and may otherwise impair operations. Any of these effects could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. Insurance may not cover all losses from these events or may become more costly or less available, and our disaster recovery and business continuity plans (including for information technology systems) may not fully mitigate the impact of these events. Geopolitical events beyond our control may impact or increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. Events such as armed conflicts, acts and threats of terrorism, civil unrest and political and economic instability in regions where we, our customers or our suppliers operate can damage facilities, cause partial or complete plant or distribution center closures, disrupt component supply, damage infrastructure and delay transportation to project sites. The broader consequences of geopolitical and terrorism threats, which may also include sanctions that prohibit our ability to do business in specific countries, embargoes, restrictions on repatriation of funds, the potential inability to service our remaining performance obligations, and potential contractual breaches and litigation, regional political and economic instability and geopolitical shifts, and the extent of any such threats effect our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted. Geopolitical conflicts also contribute to volatility in financial markets, energy costs, and commodity prices. If global economic and market conditions were to deteriorate, we may experience material harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition. Risks Relating to Policy, Government Regulations and Legal Matters Failure to meet expectations, standards, or our goals for sustainability could harm our business and reputation. Certain of our regulators and stakeholders focus on ESG topics, including emissions and climate risk, inclusive employment, responsible sourcing, human rights, and governance. We have set sustainability goals aligned with these objectives, but our ability to accomplish them presents numerous operational, regulatory, financial, legal, and other challenges, several of which are outside of our control. Perceived deficiencies in our sustainability policies or performance, or unfavorable ESG ratings of our voluntary disclosures (e.g., under the Global Reporting Initiative, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, and recommendations issued by the Financial Stability Board s Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures), could negatively affect investor sentiment, our stock price, and our cost of capital. Regulatory requirements are frequently changing, including EU CSRD, EU Taxonomy, and EU CSDDD, and U.S. state-level requirements. Given our extensive disclosures about our sustainability framework and goals and notwithstanding efforts we undertake to manage those disclosures appropriately, we also face increasing risks of allegations of inaccurate or misleading ESG statements. Failure to meet our goals or comply with evolving requirements could lead to penalties, supply chain disruption, operational restrictions, product redesign investments, carbon offset purchases, competitive disadvantages, reputational harm, talent attraction and retention challenges, and heightened scrutiny or enforcement. International trade policies could limit market access, disrupt supply chains and operations, raise costs, and harm our competitiveness. Changes globally in various countries international trade and investment policies have increased and may in the future increase our costs and could meaningfully reduce demand for our offerings or restrict our ability to sell, manufacture, and transport to or in certain countries. Changes to tariffs, import/export controls, trade barriers, inflation, sanctions, licensing and authorization requirements, restrictions on outbound or inbound investment, inspections, cash and exchange controls, buy-national policies, local production requirements, supply chain impacts, and/or other barriers to entry have been and could in the future be disruptive and costly to us and our supply chain and adversely affect our results, creditworthiness, cash flows, and prospects. Failure to comply with such policies could increase our exposure to regulatory enforcement actions or penalties. Global or regional economic conditions and government policies may change in ways we do not anticipate. In addition, our responses to mitigate the impact of these conditions, such as potential price increases, could negatively impact our sales volume, market share, or relationships with our customers. Failure to obtain, maintain, or comply with approvals, licenses, and permits could disrupt operations and growth. Parts of our business require international, federal, state, and local approvals, licenses, and permits that may be denied, revoked, suspended, modified, delayed or not renewed, or made more onerous. Noncompliance leads to suspended operations, curtailed work, penalties, and other sanctions. For example, our U.S. nuclear operations are regulated by the NRC; failure to obtain or renew NRC licenses could significantly disrupt our nuclear business. Obtaining and renewing approvals, licenses or permits can involve extended delays or suspensions and has and may in the future be jeopardized by noncompliance, violations, or community and political opposition, resulting in substantial costs. Heightened climate concerns and activism may slow approvals for fossil fuel-related activities in certain regions where we sell our products, 2025 FORM 10-K 16 affecting associated offerings. New or amended laws or changed enforcement may require additional approvals, facility, labor or product adaptations, leading to substantial costs. Our customers and suppliers are also subject to such approvals; their failures or difficulties in obtaining or complying with them may hinder our ability to provide products and services and execute projects. Compliance with EHS laws and regulations could result in significant costs, sanctions, operational restrictions, and reputational harm. We are subject to extensive EHS regulations worldwide, including, for example, hazardous chemical handling laws, and may incur liabilities for personal injury, property damage, and health risks from exposures to hazardous substances, processes, or working conditions at current or former facilities, including from third-party contractor activities. Real or perceived safety issues can be costly, damage our reputation, divert management attention, and jeopardize our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. We have and may in the future continue to face increased regulatory oversight and operational suspensions at our projects. We invest significant amounts to maintain policies and procedures designed to comply with EHS regulations, and we may need to invest increased amounts in the future if there are material changes in EHS regulations or in their interpretation or application or in potential environmental liability exposures. In some jurisdictions, environmental laws can impose strict, joint, and several liability for investigation and remediation, including for conduct compliant at the time or caused by others. We are subject to governmental safety-related requirements globally, including the U.S. Department of Energy and the NRC; noncompliance could lead to increased oversight, fines, or shutdowns. Changes to security and safety requirements could necessitate substantial expenditures. For our nuclear operations, the handling of radioactive and hazardous materials exposes us and our customers to regulation, attendant costs and delays, and potential liabilities. Improper handling could cause personal injury, environmental contamination, property damage, and harm to surrounding communities. Accident severity may depend on the nature of the event, speed of corrective action, and factors beyond our control (such as weather). Releases may damage or destroy property, depress property values, injure people, and require costly response actions. Activities of contractors, suppliers, or other counterparties involving these materials may also expose us to contractual or legal liability. We are subject to international, federal, state, and local regulations that are complex and frequently change; new or stricter requirements, changed interpretations, or newly discovered contamination could require material expenditures or create unanticipated liabilities. Contractual protections and insurance may not be effective in all cases or cover all liabilities; defense costs and damages resulting from an accident or release (including those associated with a precautionary evacuation) could adversely affect our results, cash flows, and financial condition. Claims, litigation, regulatory proceedings, and enforcement actions could be costly, disruptive, and unpredictable. We are, in the ordinary course of business, regularly subject to claims, lawsuits, regulatory proceedings, inquiries, investigations, and enforcement actions involving customers and their insurers, employees, joint venture and consortium participants, subcontractors, suppliers, and government agencies. We also face legacy risks associated with previously owned businesses or acquired businesses or liabilities assigned to GE Vernova in its Spin-Off from GE. Customers have asserted, and may assert in the future, contractual or other claims related to product performance, design, delivery, or commercial terms, among other claims. Given our size, the nature and type of our products, services, and contracts, large and long-duration projects and long-term relationships, claims can be significant. Global customs and anti-corruption enforcement (e.g., under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act) is unpredictable, and in such proceedings, we have incurred, and may in incur in the future, liability for actions beyond our control, including with respect to prior actions taken by others we have assumed by acquisition or by assignment in connection with the Spin-Off. These proceedings may limit our access to financing from, or being involved with projects funded by, multilateral development banks, the World Bank, and other sources of financing. Outcomes are uncertain; plaintiffs and regulators may seek injunctive relief or very large or indeterminate amounts, and potential losses may remain unknown for extended periods. Initial claims in commercial disputes can be large even if ultimate liability is lower, and plaintiffs may seek punitive, consequential, or other damages. Defense can be costly and distract management from the operation of the business. We may incur significant defense costs and payments or be required to alter operations, adversely affecting results, cash flows, and financial condition. Insurance may not cover all liabilities or amounts and premiums may rise. See Note 22 in the Notes to the consolidated and combined financial statements for further information on material pending legal proceedings. Noncompliance with antitrust and competition laws could result in fines, sanctions, business restrictions, and reputational harm. Antitrust and competition laws prohibit conduct deemed anti-competitive (e.g., price fixing, bid rigging, cartels, price discrimination, monopolization, tying, anti-competitive acquisitions, and market allocation). Authorities may impose fines, sanctions, restrictions, or conditions on our business, and violations can lead to suspension or debarment from certain contracts or transactions. The risk of investigation or enforcement may also chill or inhibit business activities. Many jurisdictions provide private rights of action for damages. Increased scrutiny or enforcement in this area could harm our business and reputation and result in increased compliance or defense costs. Noncompliance with government contracting and procurement laws and rules could result in penalties, contract loss, or debarment. We sell to government entities globally and are subject to laws and rules governing government contracts and public procurement, which differ from private contracting and may impose additional risks and liabilities, including local presence, local manufacturing or sourcing, and technology or IP transfer requirements. Governments have a broader array of criminal, civil, administrative and other penalties than are available in purely commercial contract disputes. Many government entities can terminate contracts for convenience or for default and their ongoing business with us may be subject to legislative or executive funding approvals. Termination or funding changes could reduce expected revenues; a default termination could trigger penalties and reprocurement costs. We are subject to audits, investigations, and oversight; ensuring compliance imposes costs, and authorities may conclude our practices are noncompliant.