=== GEV_2026-01-29.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating GE Vernova and GE Vernova’s common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also adversely affect our business. Risks Relating to Operations and Supply Chain Quality issues among our products, solutions, and services could cause us to incur significant costs, reduce demand for our products and services, lead to claims for damages or regulatory actions, and harm our business or reputation. We design, manufacture, and service sophisticated, software-enabled industrial machinery and infrastructure (including gas turbines, onshore and offshore wind turbines, grid infrastructure, and nuclear power generation equipment), engineered for demanding conditions and compliance with stringent certification, performance, and reliability standards. A serious product, solution, or execution failure could result in injury or death, widespread power outages, suspension of power production or operations, delivery delays, environmental impacts, or other systemic issues. Actual or perceived design, production, performance, or other quality issues in new introductions or existing product lines have resulted and can result in warranty, maintenance, and other damage claims, including costs for project delays, repairs, and replacements, potentially in significant amounts. These potential impacts are greater where the defects or issues affect an entire product line or component and can be more pronounced with new technologies. Developing and maintaining offerings that meet these standards is complex, costly, and technologically challenging and requires extensive coordination across suppliers and global manufacturing and project sites. Failures to meet these standards, whether actual or perceived, may result in significant contractual or other claims and regulatory suspensions of installation or operations, with adverse financial, competitive, and reputational effects. Warranty and quality-related costs have represented, and may in the future represent, a meaningful portion of our expenses. 2025 FORM 10-K 11 Significant supply chain and logistics disruptions, including volatility in the cost or availability of critical materials and components, could delay or impact our ability to deliver on customer obligations, increase costs, and expose us to contractual and reputational risks. We rely on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers, service providers, and commodity markets for raw materials, parts, components, and subsystems. Our globally distributed supply chains are subject to economic and geopolitical dynamics, sanctions, tariffs, import/export restrictions, severe weather events, as well as other factors. We operate in a supply-constrained environment and have experienced, and may continue to experience, shortages of materials and skilled labor, inflationary pressures, transportation and logistics challenges, and manufacturing disruptions that affect revenues, profitability, cash flow, and on-time fulfillment. While we pursue mitigation measures, such as long-term supply agreements, dual-sourcing, increased inventory levels, factory capacity expansion, lean initiatives, alternative logistics, product or component redesign, and cost-sharing with customers and suppliers, supply chain pressures are expected to persist and may continue to adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Certain inputs are limited or sole-sourced, concentrated with a small number of suppliers, or primarily available from a single country, including semiconductor chips and critical materials (such as specialty metals and rare earths). Although prior disruptions have not been material, the inability of a supplier to deliver, and our inability to secure timely and cost-effective alternatives, could impair our ability to manufacture products or provide services. Our operations may be adversely affected by delivery delays, capacity constraints, upstream or downstream production disruptions, price spikes, cyber-related attacks, or decreased availability of materials and commodities arising from war or other hostilities, natural disasters, public health emergencies, increased tariffs or trade restrictions, or other business continuity events. Supplier nonperformance or underperformance could impact our ability to fulfill customer commitments, trigger contract terminations or liability, and impair our competitiveness. We depend on multiple forms of transportation and transportation routes. Logistics can be disrupted by weather, strikes or lockouts, inadequate infrastructure or port capacity, hostilities, terrorism, or other events, and transportation costs can be volatile. Any of these factors could impede our ability to deliver quality products, solutions, and services and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Disruptions or capacity constraints at our manufacturing and operating facilities could delay deliveries, increase costs, damage customer relationships, and limit our ability to meet demand for our products and services, and planned capacity expansions may not result in the benefits we expect if demand does not meet expectations. We depend on our global production and operating network to develop, manufacture, assemble, supply, and service our offerings. Disruptions such as work stoppages, labor shortages, import/export restrictions, significant public health or safety events, severe weather or natural disasters, financial distress, unplanned downtime, manufacturing deviations or quality issues, production constraints, equipment failures, cybersecurity attacks, and geopolitical dynamics can interrupt our operations, with risks heightened in certain emerging markets . We also rely on our production facilities for critical components. If disturbances at these locations prevent us from producing sufficient quantities, we may need to source more from external suppliers, which could introduce delays, quality control issues, or additional costs. A significant event affecting any of our production or operating facilities, particularly when capacity is at or near full utilization or alternative sites are unavailable, may disrupt our ability to supply customers, require us to defer or decline orders, or cause late deliveries. Expanding our capacity to meet current or future demand or support new products requires significant capital investment and lead time and may be delayed in execution. Further, our capacity expansions and related commitments may outpace realized demand. We make capacity expansion decisions and supply commitments based on demand forecasts, orders, slot reservation agreements, and deposits. If anticipated demand is delayed or does not materialize, orders may be deferred, reduced, or canceled and slot reservation agreements may not result in orders. As a result, we could be over-invested in our facilities and could incur excess or idle capacity, under-absorption of fixed costs, production inefficiencies, inventory build and write-downs, penalties under supply agreements, lower margins, and impairment of long-lived assets. Risks Related to Managing Growth and Competition We may fail to achieve anticipated cost savings . Achieving our long-term financial and cash flow goals depends on our ability to effectively manage operating costs. Because many costs are affected by factors outside our control, we rely on productivity initiatives (including lean operations and supply chain management) to drive savings, but there is no assurance they will succeed. Expected savings are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and subject to business, economic, and competitive factors. If we cannot identify, implement, and sustain initiatives that effectively manage costs and increase operating efficiency, or if implemented initiatives fail to generate expected savings, our financial results and cash flows could be adversely affected and we may fail to achieve our financial goals. We may fail to execute and accurately estimate long-term service obligations. We enter into long-term service agreements with many of our customers in connection with significant contracts for the sale of products. Profitability under these agreements, particularly in Gas Power, depends on our ability to execute and estimates of product durability and reliability, our costs to deliver products and services over time, and the availability of cost-reducing materials, technology, and skilled technicians. Under such agreements for our long-cycle businesses, errors in estimating, planning, or execution may cause us to miss delivery, cost, or financial performance targets, leading to excess costs, inventory build (including obsolescence), lower profit margins and cash flows, loss contracts, and erosion of our competitive position. We may fail to compete successfully in the highly-competitive global markets in which we operate. We operate in highly competitive domestic and international markets, and our products, solutions, and services face significant pressure on technology, quality, delivery, and price. Remaining competitive requires continual development of advanced technologies and product enhancements, as well as cost- effective supply chain, production, and delivery. If we change strategic priorities or fail to anticipate or respond quickly to technological developments, evolving industry standards, new regulations or incentives, changing customer demands, supply chain disruptions, or innovations in production techniques, we could experience lower revenues, price erosion, reduced margins, and forgone growth opportunities. Competition has intensified as existing participants expand internationally and as new entrants, including manufacturers from 2025 FORM 10-K 12 regions such as China, improve quality and reliability and pursue markets outside their home countries. Some competitors are government- sponsored, which may provide them with an advantage over us, such as access to more resources. In addition, global competition increasingly depends on innovation in emerging technologies, including nuclear fuels and advanced energy systems, where failure to innovate could limit our ability to participate in new markets. Further, government policies and actions may impact us more adversely compared to competitors whose operations are more limited in scope or geographic exposure. If we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors in our core businesses, we may experience declines in revenues and industry segment share. Our business success is dependent upon our ability to innovate and successfully commercialize new technologies in fast- changing markets, and manage our product cycles. We operate in industries where technology and customer needs evolve rapidly, and our growth and business depend on developing and bringing to market new products, solutions, and services. The commercial success of technologies such as small modular or other advanced nuclear power, hydrogen-based power generation, carbon capture and sequestration, and grid-scale batteries or other storage solutions depends on factors including the pace of innovation; development costs; capital resource availability; the intensity of competition; our customers’ ability to obtain and maintain required permits or certifications; the effectiveness of our production, distribution, and marketing, including our ability to successfully deploy technologies intended to cost- effectively enhance our production, such as robotics and automation, and integration of AI; the availability of raw materials and components; our supply chain; the economics for customers to deploy and support these technologies; overall market demand and acceptance; and the timing of market entry. Global competition increasingly depends on innovation in emerging technologies, including nuclear fuels and advanced energy systems, where failure to innovate could limit our ability to participate in new markets. Failure to cost-effectively innovate and commercialize technologies, products, solutions, and services our customers demand could adversely impact our competitive position, growth, and financial results and position. Rapid innovation can shorten product cycles and accelerate market introductions, increasing quality and execution risks, raising costs, and challenging profitability for new products. These risks are heightened in our Nuclear Power business, which is constructing small modular reactors. Due to the nascent nature of the industry and higher ramp-up costs, new product introductions could result in losses in the near and long term. Further, breakthrough technologies deployed at scale by competitors may reduce the demand for legacy products and technologies. We may not realize the benefits we expect from our strategic transactions. Our strategy includes acquiring technologies and businesses that expand, enhance or complement our portfolio through acquisitions, minority equity investments, joint ventures, and other alliances, and divesting non-core assets or businesses and reinvesting any proceeds in our core businesses. Success depends on identifying suitable opportunities and synergies, conducting effective due diligence, negotiating favorable terms, obtaining required approvals, closing transactions, effectively integrating acquired businesses or separating divested operations, and collaborating well with any joint venture participants, partners, and equity co-owners. Strategic transactions may expose us to risks and uncertainties, including competition driving higher prices or less favorable terms; delays, costs, or failures in integration or separation of assets, people, systems, and products; noncompliance with multi-jurisdictional laws, regulations, disclosures, and filings; operational disruption and management distraction from core operations; dependence on external capital and financing availability and cost; antitrust or other regulatory reviews, conditions, or adverse rulings; legacy noncompliance or violations at acquired companies; inability to scale production or loss of distribution channels; inadequate IP rights or heightened scrutiny of acquired IP, or systems integration and transition complexities; failure to achieve expected growth, cost savings, synergies, or market acceptance; due diligence gaps or unidentified/underestimated liabilities; successor liability for pre-acquisition conduct; inadequate compliance and risk management organization and infrastructure at acquired companies; retained liabilities or continued losses after divestitures; loss of key customers or personnel; and adverse market reactions and stock price volatility. Assessments and assumptions supporting a transaction may prove incorrect, and actual outcomes may differ significantly from expectations. In joint ventures and other strategic alliances, we may share ownership and, in some cases, management with others whose objectives, priorities, or resources may differ from ours, increasing governance and execution risk. Further, any such joint venture or other strategic alliance, may restrict us from taking certain actions in our business and we may be limited in our ability to exit such arrangements if we later desire to do so. Divestitures may be delayed or prevented by difficulties finding buyers or by regulatory, governmental, or contractual constraints, including provisions of the Separation and Distribution Agreement described under “Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions— Agreements with GE" in Part III, Item 13 of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. Joint ventures, consortiums, and other third-party collaborations expose us to partner, governance, compliance, and financial risks that could impose additional costs and obligations, cause reputational harm and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. We have entered, and expect to continue entering, into joint ventures for manufacturing, commercial operations, and project development and funding, and into consortium arrangements to perform projects. These arrangements involve risks, including exposure to the economic, political, legal, and regulatory environments of partners’ jurisdictions; legal or regulatory violations by partners outside our control; and contractual, governmental, or exclusivity obligations that may restrict our operations. They may also require us to incur nonrecurring charges, increased expenditures, or disruption to our normal operations. If partners face financial distress, restructure, or declare bankruptcy, we may be required to provide additional investment or services, assume responsibility for contract breaches, or take on additional financial or operational obligations, which may expose us to credit risk. Our influence over joint ventures varies by ownership and negotiated rights, and major decisions often require consensus, creating risks of impasses and delays where partner interests diverge. Disputes may arise over performance milestones, interpretation of key terms (including financial obligations and termination rights), or ownership and control of intellectual property developed in the arrangement. We cannot control partner actions; in some projects we have joint and several liability and cannot ensure partners will satisfy their responsibilities. These arrangements may also restrict our access to cash flows or assets of a joint venture, and some joint ventures are 2025 FORM 10-K 13 subject to governmental limitations on cash distributions. Consortium project outcomes depend on partner performance. Partners may block or delay critical decisions, pursue strategies contrary to our interests, or fail to fulfill obligations, reducing expected returns. We may need to provide or procure additional services to compensate for such failures, which can increase costs and expose us to reputational harm and customer or counterparty complaints. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. Risks Related to our Customers and Industry Dynamics Issues with grid connectivity and customers’ ability to sell generated electricity could delay projects, reduce output, demand and revenues, increase costs, and cause reputational harm. Many of our customers, projects, and offerings depend on timely grid connection. Factors beyond our control, including regulatory and permitting requirements and delays, interconnection constraints, limited land for connection infrastructure, and system failures, may impede or prevent grid connection. If customers cannot obtain grid access or agreements to sell their electricity on reasonable terms and timelines, order timing and project milestones may be delayed. Grid connection and operations are governed by statutory and regulatory frameworks intended to ensure safety and stability, but transmission constraints and operating practices can lead to curtailment (e.g., congestion, limited transmission capacity, or dispatch restrictions). Unplanned project execution or commissioning challenges due to delays from construction, contractors, or severe weather issues (e.g., wind speed or direction) can further delay project execution leading to reduced electricity output, reduced demand for our products and solutions, increased costs for us and our customers, and reputational harm. Our failure to manage customer and counterparty relationships and contracts could adversely affect our financial results. Our success depends on delivering in accordance with contractual requirements and anticipating changes in customer and counterparty needs. Customers and counterparties, including those undertaking large infrastructure projects, may delay or cancel purchases or be unable to meet their obligations due to business deterioration, cash flow constraints, reduced availability of financing for certain technologies (such as prohibitions on financing for fossil fuel–based projects), macroeconomic conditions, changes in law or policy, disputes, or other delays. If a major customer reduces purchases, ceases doing business with us, favors competitors or new entrants, or changes purchasing patterns, our business could be harmed. Many of our contracts are complex and contain warranty, performance, delivery, and availability provisions that can trigger significant repair or replacement costs, penalties, liquidated damages, or other unanticipated expenses if we fail, actually or allegedly, to meet specifications or schedules. For example, in our Wind business, delays in assembling and delivering critical components (such as nacelles) or other noncompliance with contract terms have increased costs, presented litigation risks, and exposed us to damages, and we may experience similar delays and possible consequences in the future. Warranty costs and contract-related penalties have represented, and may in the future represent, a meaningful portion of our expenses. We also contract with U.S. and non-U.S. governmental and government-affiliated entities, which may delay, modify, or terminate contracts if funding or support is unavailable. Collecting receivables can be more challenging with sovereign or state-owned customers and in emerging markets. Engaging in new types of transaction structures or unique contractual relationships with nontraditional customers, such as hyperscalers, government departments focused on energy, or other first‑time counterparties, or with new contracting approaches adopted by traditional customers, may challenge our ability to effectively negotiate and manage our relationships. Due to our limited experience with such customers, counterparties, and contracting parties, we may fail to anticipate or control the unique expectations, costs, and operational complexities associated with such arrangements. Some counterparties may have limited operating histories, different contracting practices, or weaker credit profiles. They may depend on external financing, subsidies, or project milestones, and may delay payment, seek to renegotiate terms, or default. Further, some counterparties to slot reservation agreements may not place orders equal to the value of their reservation amount or at all, and the volume of orders we expect under such agreements may fail to materialize. Our ability to maintain our investment grade credit ratings could affect our ability to access capital, increase our interest rates, and limit our ability to secure new contracts or business opportunities. Our commercial relationships and competitive positioning rely on maintaining corporate investment grade credit ratings, which are evaluated by major rating agencies. Any downgrade could increase the cost of existing or future indebtedness, constrain borrowing and bonding capacity or worsen terms, and limit or prevent access to capital on competitive terms. Adverse rating actions may also reduce our ability to secure new contracts and business opportunities and limit our ability to maintain and obtain supply sources and customers. Fixed‑price customer contracts expose us to reduced margins and project loss risks if costs exceed expectations. We enter into contracts that commit to a fixed price well before project completion. However, actual revenues and costs may differ from estimates due to factors that are difficult to predict or control, which include: procurement challenges and schedule disruptions on large projects; product performance failures; unforeseen site conditions; rejection or termination clauses in contracts that reduce revenue or increase costs; inability to be compensated for additional work arising from unanticipated technical issues or deficient customer‑provided designs, engineering information, products, or materials; inaccurate estimates based on historical data under current conditions (e.g., inflation, labor and material cost increases); weather and other force majeure events that cause delays or productivity losses; contractual obligations to pay liquidated or other damages for failure to meet schedule or performance requirements; difficulties engaging or overseeing third‑party subcontractors, manufacturers, or suppliers, or their underperformance or nonperformance, resulting in delays and added costs; and project modifications or change orders that create unanticipated costs or delays and potential claims or disputes. Any of these factors can reduce our margins or result in project losses. Cost overruns and related penalties have represented, and may in the future represent, a meaningful portion of our expenses. We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets or obtain other financing on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. Our business depends on the availability of financing. Capital and credit markets can experience volatility and disruptions that reduce liquidity and increase borrowing costs. Although we maintain a $3.0 billion committed credit facility and a $3.0 billion committed trade finance facility, there is no assurance these will be sufficient for our needs, and we may need additional capital markets financing. Factors beyond our control, including domestic and international economic conditions, increases in benchmark interest rates and credit spreads, 2025 FORM 10-K 14 changes in banking and capital market regulations, and market risk repricing, could limit or increase the cost of financing. Adverse market conditions or credit rating changes could impair our access to capital on acceptable terms or at all. These conditions may also hinder our customers’ and suppliers’ ability to obtain debt, guarantees, trade finance, or hedging, negatively affecting our business. In addition, our customers’ projects often require co-financing through project development loans, structured debt, or equity investments. Such financing arrangements may be unavailable or more costly than anticipated, which could limit our ability to bid for projects and adversely affect financial results, cash flows, and returns. Risks Related to the Energy Transition We are subject to decarbonization and energy-transition dynamics, including shifting policies, market economics, and technology trajectories. We must anticipate and respond to market, technological, regulatory, governmental policy, and energy security changes driven by decarbonization and energy transition dynamics. For example, increased policy support for fossil fuels or the rollback or suspension of renewable-supportive policies could reduce demand for our renewable and other decarbonization products and services. Conversely, as a supplier to the power generation sector, falling renewable costs and evolving stakeholder expectations can reduce demand for and the competitiveness of sales of new gas turbines and service for unabated gas plants. Continued increases in renewables’ share of capacity additions and generation, depending on pace and timing, could materially affect our Power segment and consolidated results. Key uncertainties include the level and timing of government subsidies and credits (including the implementation of U.S. and global policies), regulatory and permit approval timeframes, level of price competition among manufacturers, competition from solar and other technologies, deprioritization of renewables, the pace of grid modernization needed to maintain reliability with higher renewables penetration, and industrywide pressure on profitability. Our long-term success depends on addressing both electrification and decarbonization by adapting our portfolio and scaling less carbon- intense and lower carbon technologies (such as gas as a replacement for coal, small modular or other advanced nuclear reactors, hydrogen-based power generation, carbon capture and sequestration, and grid-scale storage). These transitions require substantial investments by us and third parties in grids, infrastructure, R&D, and new technologies, and depend on timely governmental and regulatory support, incentives, and market design. If we do not succeed, or are perceived to not succeed, to advance our electrification and decarbonization objectives, or if investors and financial institutions shift funding away from certain types of generation, our and our customers’ access to capital could be negatively affected. Government actions may also affect these dynamics in unforeseeable ways. Developing new high-technology products and enhancing existing offerings to address dynamic energy markets is complex, costly, and uncertain, and strategies or investments may not be commercially successful within expected timeframes or at all. If the decarbonization landscape evolves faster or differently than anticipated, demand for our products, solutions, and services could be adversely affected. Changes in energy, environmental, and tax policies may reduce demand for our products and undermine project economics. Our businesses benefit from government incentives and policies supporting utility-scale renewable energy (e.g., tax incentives). In addition, regulatory policies influencing renewable energy mandates and grid integration standards directly impact the demand for wind energy. Reductions, elimination, suspension or adverse modifications have and could in the future limit markets for new projects, reduce returns on projects or manufacturing, lead to pro

=== GEV_2026-04-22.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS . We are subject to a number of risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and/or future prospects, including those identified in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2025. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS . On December 9, 2025, we announced that the Board of Directors had authorized an increase of our repurchase program to $10 billion of common stock repurchases, from the prior authorization of $6 billion , which was announced on December 10, 2024. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have an expiration date. We repurchased 1.8 million shares for $1,295 million during the three months ended March 31, 2026 under this authorization. The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the three months ended March 31, 2026 : Total number of shares purchased (in thousands) Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of our share repurchase program (in thousands) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under our share repurchase program (in millions) January 1,117 $ 648.64 1,117 $ 5,957 February 285 811.72 285 5,725 March 397 853.10 397 5,387 Total 1,799 $ 719.59 1,799 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES . None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION . Director and Officer Trading Arrangements. None of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or adopted or terminated a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the three months ended March 31, 2026 . 2026 1Q FORM 10-Q 34 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS . 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated April 1, 2024, by and between General Electric Company and GE Vernova Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024, File No. 001-41966). †+ 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024, File No. 001-41966). 3.2 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024, File No. 001-41966). 4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 4, 2026, between GE Vernova Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 4, 2026, File No. 001-41966). 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 4, 2026, between GE Vernova Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (including forms of Notes for the 4.250% Senior Notes due 2031, 4.875% Senior Notes due 2036, and 5.500% Senior Notes due 2056) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 4, 2026, File No. 001-41966). 10.1 Letter Agreement with Philippe Piron (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, File No. 001-41966).* 10.2 Offer Letter with Eric Gray (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, File No. 001-41966).* 10.3 Mutual Termination Agreement with Maví Zingoni (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of the registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, File No. 001-41966).* 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith). 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith). 32.1 Section 1350 certification (furnished herewith). 101.1 The following materials from GE Vernova Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 , formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language); (i) Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 , (ii) Consolidated Statement of Financial Position at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025 , (iii) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 , (iv) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 , (v) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 , and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.1). † Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2)(ii) and Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K, as applicable. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the Commission upon its request. + Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Commission upon its request. * Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 2026 1Q FORM 10-Q 35 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. April 22, 2026 /s/ Matthew J. Potvin Date Matthew J. Potvin Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Principal Accounting Officer 